Now you need to complete the job by applying two coats of polyurethane finish. This is usually applied using a paintbrush, but follow the manufacturer's directions, as products can vary. The finish will protect the wood from knocks, water and greasy spills that could damage or stain it.
If your wooden kitchen cabinets are looking tired and old, there's no need to rip them out and replace them. You can save yourself money and hassle by simply staining them, following the guidelines above. For any further advice, contact a representative from a company like DM Cabinets.
I work in a creative field and I like to live in a home that is full of items that can inspire me each day. I have been collecting unique items from all over the world for years and I like to have them arrange in interesting ways and regularly redecorate my home to highlight different items that I like. This blog has some tips on how you can use interior decorating techniques to create an inspiring home atmosphere to get your artistic juices flowing. I hope it will be useful for people who want to create unique and artistic spaces in their homes.
Your beautiful wooden stairs have been installed, and now you have to decide on the type of finish you want for them. Choosing the correct type of pro …
There's plenty of things to consider when undertaking kitchen renovations, but you need to take extra issues into account if you're renovating for an …
If you are considering remodelling your bathroom, you may be thinking of the colour scheme and the fittings. However, one thing you need to consider i …
You’ll need to bring valid identification (photo ID, SSN card) to be admitted into the ASVAB testing room. Arrive on time— you’ll be turned away and required to reschedule if you are late. Your recruiter may give you a ride to and from the session, but he/she is not permitted in the testing room. You will not need to bring a calculator for the test.
When you are considered a career in the military you need to take the ASVAB test. But each branch of the military has different ASVAB requirements that you need to meet. They are different levels of education that you must reach to take the test. But you also need to score a certain amount of points on that ASVAB test to gain access into the branch you desire.
My daughter bought this book to study for her ASVAB test. She took it the first time and did not get the score she needed. So she got this book to help her study and to raise her score. She took her test again and her score raised 14 points. I recommend this book to those that need help studying or need a higher score. The book has a lot of information about the test and has practice questions as well. Overall, the book is very useful for those who want to do well on the ASVAB.
Under the Student Loan Repayment Program, when you enlist the Army will pay back up to $65,000 in qualified education loans (up to $20,000 for reservists), the Navy up to $65,000 and the Air Force up to $10,000. Each year 15% of the loan balance or $500, whichever is greater, will be repaid by SLRP. There may also be annual and cumulative caps on the amount repaid. Participants must score 50 or higher on the Armed Forces Qualifications Test (AFQT). SLRP must be requested at the time of enlistment or reenlistment. Qualified education loans include federal education loans such as the Perkins, Stafford, PLUS, or Consolidation loans, but not private alternative loans. Defaulted loans are not eligible. Payments made under the SLRP are considered taxable income.
There are nine different test areas as part of the ASVAB: general science, arithmetic reasoning, word knowledge, paragraph comprehension, mathematics knowledge, electronics information, auto and shop information, assembling objects, and mechanical comprehension. The paragraph comprehension test area contains the fewest questions with 15. The word knowledge test area contains the most questions with 35. All other sections contain 20, 25, or 30 questions. Taking numerious ASVAB practice tests is recommended for test day success.
Command over the U.S. Armed Forces is established in the Constitution. The sole power of command is vested in the President by Article II as Commander-in-Chief. The Constitution presumes the existence of "executive Departments" headed by "principal officers", whose appointment mechanism is provided for in the Appointments Clause. This allowance in the Constitution formed the basis for creation of the Department of Defense in 1947 by the National Security Act. The DoD is headed by the Secretary of Defense, who is a civilian and member of the Cabinet. The Defense Secretary is second in the U.S. Armed Forces chain of command, with the exception of the Coast Guard, which is under the Secretary of Homeland Security, and is just below the President and serves as the principal assistant to the President in all defense-related matters.[16] Together, the President and the Secretary of Defense comprise the National Command Authority, which by law is the ultimate lawful source of military orders.[17]
The Woman's Army Auxiliary Corps was established in the United States in 1942. Women saw combat during World War II, first as nurses in the Pearl Harbor attacks on 7 December 1941. The Woman's Naval Reserve, Marine Corps Women's Reserve and Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASPs) were also created during this conflict. In 1944, WACs arrived in the Pacific and landed in Normandy on D-Day. During the war, 67 Army nurses and 16 Navy nurses were captured and spent three years as Japanese prisoners of war. There were 350,000 American women who served during World War II and 16 were killed in action. In total, they gained over 1,500 medals, citations and commendations. Virginia Hall, serving with the Office of Strategic Services, received the second-highest U.S. combat award, the Distinguished Service Cross, for action behind enemy lines in France.
Military law introduces offences not recognised by civilian courts, such as absence without leave (AWOL), desertion, political acts, malingering, behaving disrespectfully, and disobedience (see, for example, Offences against military law in the United Kingdom).[23] Penalties range from a summary reprimand to imprisonment for several years following a court martial.[23] Certain fundamental rights are also restricted or suspended, including the freedom of association (e.g. union organizing) and freedom of speech (speaking to the media).[23] Military personnel in some countries have a right of conscientious objection if they believe an order is immoral or unlawful, or cannot in good conscience carry it out.
Again, would you rather go into the ASVAB unsure of what to expect and not knowing if you studied the right things or would you prefer to have taken similar tests covering content commonly tested for on the real thing? Taking practice tests is a great way to build your knowledge, your confidence and your ASVAB familiarity so that you feel relaxed and confident on test day.
The ASVAB Career Exploration Program provides tools developed by the Department of Defense (DoD) to help high school and post-secondary students across the nation learn more about career exploration and planning. Since the mid-1990’s, the ASVAB Career Exploration Program has provided high quality, cost-free career exploration and planning materials and services annually to approximately 14,000 of the nation’s high schools. You can prepare by taking ASVAB Practice Tests – many of which are available online.
To coordinate military strategy with political affairs, the President has a National Security Council headed by the National Security Advisor. The collective body has only advisory power to the President, but several of the members who statutorily comprise the council (the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Defense) possess executive authority over their own departments.[18]
Each of the five services employs a single Senior Enlisted Advisor at departmental level. This individual is the highest ranking enlisted member within that respective service and functions as the chief advisor to the service secretary, service chief and Congress on matters concerning the enlisted force. These individuals carry responsibilities and protocol requirements equivalent to three-star general or flag officers. They are as follows:
Individuals can also complete a computer version of the test. This is an adaptive test, meaning the difficulty level of each question is determined based on whether the previous question was answered correctly or incorrectly. Aside from the fact that this version of the AFQT is a computer adaptive test, the number of questions that must be answered varies from the written version of the assessment. Individuals only need to answer a total of 59 questions. 89 minutes is allotted for the four sections of the Armed Forces Qualification Test, and test-takers typically have more than enough time to complete each section.
The ASVAB is a timed test that measures your skills in a number of different areas. You complete questions that reveal your skills in paragraph comprehension, word knowledge, arithmetic reasoning and mathematics knowledge. These are basic skills that you will need as a member of the U.S. military. The score you receive on the ASVAB is factored into your Armed Forces Qualifying Test (AFQT) score. This score is used to figure out whether you qualify to enlist in the armed services.
High school students can take the test in their sophomore, junior, or senior years, although scores from sophomore tests can’t be used for enlistment purposes. There is no charge to sit for the exam, and the results will have no impact on your high school academic record or your college application. This is a risk-free way to better evaluate your opportunities for the future after high school graduation.
If school district or open-enrollment charter school has entered into a prior contract under which a vocational aptitude test that does not comply with the requirements for an alternative test outlined above, then the school district, open-enrollment charter school, or high school may elect not to provide the ASVAB for the term of the contract. On the expiration of the contract term, the requirements outlined in this letter become applicable to the school district, open-enrollment charter school or high school.
Under the Montgomery GI Bill, the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps and Coast Guard (and their Reserves and the National Guard) provide a cash education incentive to encourage you to join and serve a tour of duty. The Montgomery GI Bill (MGIB) provides up to 36 months of education benefits to eligible veterans for college, business, technical or vocational courses, correspondence courses, apprenticeship/job training and flight training. MGIB benefits may be used while on active duty or after a fully honorable discharge from active duty.
In Medieval Europe, tales of knighthood and chivalry, the officer class of the period captured the popular imagination. Writers and poets like Taliesin, Chrétien de Troyes and Thomas Malory wrote tales of derring-do, featuring Arthur, Guinevere, Lancelot and Galahad. Even in the 21st century, books and films about the Arthurian legend and the Holy Grail continue to appear.
Varsity Tutors’ Learning Tools free ASVAB study material is a great opportunity for you to tune up your skills before you take the test. You might discover that you simply have to brush up on some science, math, or definitions to get ready to take the test. The simple ASVAB review tests enable you become more confident as well. There’s no better way to succeed in reaching your goals than by being prepared ahead of time.
There are essentially two options when it comes to preparing for this test. First, a person can attempt to reassess all of the information that they learned over a decade by spending hours compiling information. Secondly, a person can find a specially formatted ASVAB practice test that covers all areas of both the written test and computerized test. Clearly, the best choice is the ASVAB practice test. The question becomes “Where does one find an accurate ASVAB practice test?”
Oracle went on the offensive again versus Amazon.com this week with a new cloud pricing plan that gives discounts to Oracle database customers who move their databases to the cloud. From a report: Chairman and Chief Technology Officer Larry Ellison said during an event at its Redwood City, California headquarters that while Oracle has matched Amazon Web Services for base-level computing, storage and networking services known as infrastructure as a service, it's now moving to make higher-level cloud services such as databases and analytics cheaper than AWS's. Actually, Ellison claimed that Oracle's infrastructure runs faster and therefore ends up costing less, but it's clear that the company is focusing more on its traditional strengths one tier up from the infrastructure: so-called platform as a service offerings such as the Oracle Database. Oracle said it will allow customers to move their existing licenses for databases, middleware and analytics to Oracle's platform services, just as they've allowed them to bring licenses to its infrastructure before.
An anonymous reader shares a report: Amazon said on Wednesday that it was reviewing its website after a British television report said the online retail giant's algorithms were automatically suggesting bomb-making ingredients that were "Frequently bought together." The news is particularly timely in Britain, where the authorities are investigating a terrorist attack last week on London's Underground subway system. The attack involved a crude explosive in a bucket inside a plastic bag, and detonated on a train during the morning rush. The news report is the latest example of a technology company drawing criticism for an apparently faulty algorithm. Google and Facebook have come under fire for allowing advertisers to direct ads to users who searched for, or expressed interest in, racist sentiments and hate speech. Growing awareness of these automated systems has been accompanied by calls for tech firms to take more responsibility for the contents on their sites. Amazon customers buying products that were innocent enough on their own, like cooking ingredients, received "Frequently bought together" prompts for other items that would help them produce explosives, according to the Channel 4 News.
Lauren Goode, reporting for The Verge: Apple's new Series 3 smartwatch starts shipping this Friday, and the biggest feature change between last year's model and this new Watch is that it has built-in cellular capabilities. Except, that cell service isn't entirely reliable. While writing my review of the Apple Watch Series 3 with LTE capabilities, I experienced notable connectivity issues. The new Watch appeared to try to connect to unknown WiFi networks instead of connecting to cellular, when I was out and about without my phone. Within the first couple days of experiencing this, Apple replaced my first review unit with a second one, but that one proved to be problematic, too. Eventually, the company issued an official statement, acknowledging the issue. "We have discovered that when Apple Watch Series 3 joins unauthenticated Wi-Fi networks without connectivity, it may at times prevent the watch from using cellular," an Apple spokesperson said in an emailed statement. "We are investigating a fix for a future software release."
An anonymous reader shares a post from Scientific American, written by Bernardo Kastrup: An article on the neuroscience of infant consciousness, which attracted some interest a few years ago, asked: "When does your baby become conscious?" The premise, of course, was that babies aren't born conscious but, instead, develop consciousness at some point. Yet, it is hard to think that there is nothing it feels like to be a newborn. Newborns clearly seem to experience their own bodies, environment, the presence of their parents, etcetera -- albeit in an unreflective, present-oriented manner. And if it always feels like something to be a baby, then babies don't become conscious. Instead, they are conscious from the get-go. The problem is that, somewhat alarmingly, the word "consciousness" is often used in the literature as if it entailed or implied more than just the qualities of experience. Dijksterhuis and Nordgren, for instance, insisted that "it is very important to realize that attention is the key to distinguish between unconscious thought and conscious thought. Conscious thought is thought with attention." This implies that if a thought escapes attention, then it is unconscious.
Indeed, Jonathan Schooler has established a clear distinction between conscious and meta-conscious processes. Whereas both types entail the qualities of experience, meta-conscious processes also entail what he called re-representation. "Periodically attention is directed towards explicitly assessing the contents of experience. The resulting meta-consciousness involves an explicit re-representation of consciousness in which one interprets, describes or otherwise characterizes the state of one's mind.
SmartAboutThings shares a report from Windows Report: If you installed the "Steam Inventory Helper" on your computer, you may want to uninstall it as soon as possible. Recent reports suggest that this extension used to buy and sell digital goods on Steam is spying on its users. Redditor Wartab made a thorough analysis of the tool and reached the following conclusions: The spyware code tracks your every move starting from the moment you visit a website until you leave. It also tracks where you are coming from on the site; Steam Inventory Helper tracks your clicks, including when you are moving your mouse and when you are having focus in an input; When you click a link, it sends the link URL to a background script; Fortunately, the code does not monitor what you type. Apparently, the purpose of this spyware is to collect data about gamers for promotional purposes.
schwit1 writes: NASA's Hubble Space Telescope has observed a planet outside our solar system that looks as black as fresh asphalt because it eats light rather than reflecting it back into space. This light-eating prowess is due to the planet's unique capability to trap at least 94 percent of the visible starlight falling into its atmosphere. The oddball exoplanet, called WASP-12b, is one of a class of so-called "hot Jupiters," gigantic, gaseous planets that orbit very close to their host star and are heated to extreme temperatures. The planet's atmosphere is so hot that most molecules are unable to survive on the blistering day side of the planet, where the temperature is 4,600 degrees Fahrenheit. Therefore, clouds probably cannot form to reflect light back into space. Instead, incoming light penetrates deep into the planet's atmosphere where it is absorbed by hydrogen atoms and converted to heat energy. "We did not expect to find such a dark exoplanet," said Taylor Bell of McGill University and the Institute for Research on Exoplanets in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, lead researcher of the Hubble study. "Most hot Jupiters reflect about 40 percent of starlight."
An anonymous reader shares a report from TechCrunch, adding: "Is the world ready for flying cars? Sebastian Thrun, the supposed godfather of autonomous driving, and several other tech investors seem to think so." From the report: At TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2017, Thrun talked a lot about flying cars and how that was the future of transportation. So did GGV's Jenny Lee, a prolific investor in China. And so did Steve Jurvetson, one of the original investors in SpaceX. The technical backbone for flying cars seems to be there already -- with drones becoming ever-present and advancements in AI and self-driving cars -- but the time is coming soon that flying cars will be the primary mode of transportation. "I can't envision a future of highways [and being] stuck in cars," Thrun said. "I envision a [future] where you hop in a thing, go in the air, and fly in a straight line. I envision a future where Amazon delivers my food in the air in five minutes. The air is so free of stuff and is so unused compared to the ground, it has to happen in my opinion." Cars today are forced to move on a two-dimensional plane (ramps, clover intersections and tunnels set aside), and while self-driving cars would make it easier for cars to talk to each other and move more efficiently, adding a third dimension to travel would make a lot of sense coming next. Thrun pointed to airplane transit, which is already a "fundamentally great mass transit system." Jurvetson said he was actually about to ride in a flying car before he "watched it flip over" before arriving to talk about some of the next steps in technology onstage. So, there's work to be done there, but it does certainly seem that all eyes are on flying cars. And that'll be enabled by autonomous driving, which will probably allow flying cars to figure out the most efficient paths from one point to the next without crashing into each other. Lee said that China is closely analyzing changes in transportation, which might end up leading to flying cars. "I do want to highlight that there's going to be huge disruption within the transportation ecosystem in China," Lee said. "Cars going from diesel to electric. China has about 200 million install base of car ownership. In 2016, only 1 million cars are electric. The Chinese government hopes to install 5 million parking lots that are electric... Even the Chinese OEMs are buying into flying taxis."
A startup called Proterra has set the world record for the furthest distance any electric vehicle has managed before recharging. The Catalyst E2 Max electric bus drove 1,101.2 miles on a single charge, beating the previous record-holder, a one-seat experimental car nicknamed "Boozer." Engadget reports: Not surprisingly, a bus can hold a much larger battery than just about any regular car. The Catalyst E2 Max carries 660kWh, or nearly nine times the capacity of a 75kWh Tesla Model S. Also, Proterra was driving in optimal conditions, with no passengers, no stops and a gentle test track. It'd be another story with a fully-laden bus wending its way through a city. Even so, that kind of range is very promising. In many cases, it could likely handle a long bus route for several hours -- it might only need to recharge at the end of a driver's shift. While it could take an hour or more to top up even with Proterra's fast charging system, bus drivers are no strangers to changing vehicles. The first E2 series buses are due to reach Los Angeles streets later in 2017, so it might not be long before you can witness this longevity first-hand. The company released a video of the record-setting feat on YouTube.
According to a new transparency report, Twitter said it suspended nearly 300,000 accounts globally linked to terrorism in the first half of the year. The company is improving automation tools used to help block accounts that promote terrorism and violence. Bloomberg reports: Of [the nearly 300,000 accounts that were suspended], roughly 95 percent were identified by the company's spam-fighting automation tools. Meanwhile, the social network said government data requests continued to increase, and that it provided authorities with data on roughly 3,900 accounts from January to June. Twitter said about 75 percent of the blocked accounts this year were spotted before a single tweet was sent, and that 935,897 accounts had been suspended since August 2015, with two-thirds of those coming in the past year. American authorities made 2,111 requests from Twitter from January to June, the most of the 83 countries tracked by the company. Twitter supplied information on users in 77 percent of the inquiries. Japan made 1,384 requests and the U.K. issued 606 requests. Turkish authorities continued a trend of aggressively policing Twitter, making 554 requests for account data and issuing court orders to remove 715 pieces of content. Other governments made only 38 total content-removal requests.
A new paper released on Monday via the National Bureau of Economic Research claims that retaining search log data doesn't do much for search quality. "Data retention has implications in the debate over Europe's right to be forgotten, the authors suggest, because retained data undermines that right," reports The Register. "It's also relevant to U.S. policy discussions about privacy regulations." From the report: To determine whether retention policies affected the accuracy of search results, Chiou and Tucker used data from metrics biz Hitwise to assess web traffic being driven by search sites. They looked at Microsoft Bing and Yahoo! Search during a period when Bing changed its search data retention period from 18 months to 6 months and when Yahoo! changed its retention period from 13 months to 3 months, as well as when Yahoo! had second thoughts and shifted to an 18-month retention period. According to Chiou and Tucker, data retention periods didn't affect the flow of traffic from search engines to downstream websites. "Our findings suggest that long periods of data storage do not confer advantages in search quality, which is an often-cited benefit of data retention by companies," their paper states. Chiou and Tucker observe that the supposed cost of privacy laws to consumers and to companies may be lower than perceived. They also contend that their findings weaken the claim that data retention affects search market dominance, which could make data retention less relevant in antitrust discussions of Google.
An anonymous reader quotes a report from Motherboard: Pepe the Frog creator Matt Furie has made good on his threat to "aggressively enforce his intellectual property." The artist's lawyers have taken legal action against the alt-right. They have served cease and desist orders to several alt-right personalities and websites including Richard Spencer, Mike Cernovich, and the r/the_Donald subreddit. In addition, they have issued Digital Millennium Copyright Act takedown requests to Reddit and Amazon, notifying them that use of Pepe by the alt-right on their platforms is copyright infringement. The message is to the alt-right is clear -- stop using Pepe the Frog or prepare for legal consequences. Furie originally created Pepe as a non-political character for his Boy's Club comic, but Pepe later became an internet meme and during the 2016 U.S. presidential election the alt-right movement appropriated the frog in various grotesque and hateful memes.
New submitter Frobnicator writes: Four years ago, the W3C began standardizing Encrypted Media Extensions, or EME. Several organizations, including the EFF, have argued against DRM within web browsers. Earlier this year, after the W3C leadership officially recommended EME despite failing to reach consensus, the EFF filed the first-ever official appeal that the decision be formally polled for consensus. That appeal has been denied, and for the first time the W3C is endorsing a standard against the consensus of its members. In response, the EFF published their resignation from the body: "The W3C is a body that ostensibly operates on consensus. Nevertheless, as the coalition in support of a DRM compromise grew and grew -- and the large corporate members continued to reject any meaningful compromise -- the W3C leadership persisted in treating EME as topic that could be decided by one side of the debate. [...] Today, the W3C bequeaths an legally unauditable attack-surface to browsers used by billions of people. Effective today, EFF is resigning from the W3C." Jeff Jaffe, CEO of W3C said: "I know from my conversations that many people are not satisfied with the result. EME proponents wanted a faster decision with less drama. EME critics want a protective covenant. And there is reason to respect those who want a better result. But my personal reflection is that we took the appropriate time to have a respectful debate about a complex set of issues and provide a result that will improve the web for its users. My main hope, though, is that whatever point-of-view people have on the EME covenant issue, that they recognize the value of the W3C community and process in arriving at a decision for an inherently contentious issue. We are in our best light when we are facilitating the debate on important issues that face the web."
Today, Apple released the final version of iOS 11, its latest mobile operating system. If you have an iPhone or iPad that was released within the last few years, you should be able to download the new update if you navigate to the Settings panel and check for a software update under the General tab. The Verge reports: OS 11, first unveiled in detail back at Apple's WWDC in June, is the same incremental annual refresh we've come to expect from the company, but it hides some impressive complexity under the surface. Not only does it add some neat features to iOS for the first time, like ARKit capabilities for augmented reality and a new Files app, but it also comes with much-needed improvements to Siri; screenshot capture and editing; and the Control Center, which is now more fully featured and customizable. For iPads, iOS 11 is more of an overhaul. The software now better supports multitasking so you can more easily bring two apps into split-screen mode, or even add a third now. The new drag-and-drop features are also much more powerful on iPad, letting you manage stuff in the Files app more intuitively and even letting you drag and drop photos and text from one app to another.
An anonymous reader quotes a report from BBC: China is moving forward with plans to shut down Bitcoin exchanges in the country, starting with trading platforms in key cities. All Bitcoin exchanges in Beijing and Shanghai have been ordered to submit plans for winding down their operations by 20 September. The move follows the Chinese central bank's decision to ban initial coin offerings in early September. Top exchange BTCC said it would stop trading at the end of the month. Chinese authorities decided to ban digital currencies as part of a plan for reducing the country's financial risks. All exchanges are required to send regulators a detailed "risk-free" plan of how they intend to exit the market before 18:30 local time on Wednesday 20 September. The regulator also ordered the exchanges to submit DVDs containing all user trading and holding data to the local authorities. Shareholders, controllers, executives, and core financial and technical staff of exchanges are also required to remain in Beijing during the shutdown and to co-operate fully with authorities.
As AI space gets crowded, there are a slew of businesses -- new and old -- looking to market themselves as "AI companies." But according to Andrew Ng, a founder of the Google Brain team and a luminary in the space, there's more to being an AI company than just using a neural net. From a report: In his view, while it's possible to create a website for a shopping mall, that doesn't make it an internet company. In the same way, just implementing basic machine learning does not make a standard technology company (or any other business) an AI company. "You're not an AI company because there are a few people using a few neural networks somewhere," Ng said. "It's much deeper than that." First and foremost, AI companies are strategic about their acquisition of data, which is used as the fuel for machine learning systems. Once an AI company has acquired the data, Ng said that they tend to store it in centralized warehouses for processing. Most enterprises have their information spread across multiple different warehouses, and collating that data for machine learning can prove difficult. AI companies also implement modern development practices, like frequent deployments. That means it's possible to change the product and learn from the changes.
Kelsey Campbell-Dollaghan, writing for FastCoDesign: "User-friendly" was coined in the late 1970s, when software developers were first designing interfaces that amateurs could use. In those early days, a friendly machine might mean one you could use without having to code. Forty years later, technology is hyper-optimized to increase the amount of time you spend with it, to collect data about how you use it, and to adapt to engage you even more. [...] The discussion around privacy, security, and transparency underscores a broader transformation in the typical role of the designer, as Khoi Vinh, principal designer at Adobe and frequent design writer on his own site, Subtraction, points out. So what does it mean to be friendly to users-er, people-today? Do we need a new way to talk about design that isn't necessarily friendly, but respectful? I talked to a range of designers about how we got here, and what comes next.
Mark Bergen, writing for Bloomberg: Elon Musk is the most-famous Cassandra of artificial intelligence. The Tesla chief routinely drums up the technology's risks in public and on Twitter, where he recently called the global race to develop AI the "most likely cause" of a third world war. Researchers at Google, Facebook and other AI-focused companies find this irritating. John Giannandrea, the head of search and AI at Alphabet's Google, took one of the clearest shots at Musk on Tuesday -- all while carefully leaving him unnamed. "There's a huge amount of unwarranted hype around AI right now," Giannandrea said at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference in San Francisco. "This leap into, 'Somebody is going to produce a superhuman intelligence and then there's going to be all these ethical issues' is unwarranted and borderline irresponsible."
WikiLeaks, believed by many to be a Kremlin front, surprised some observers Tuesday morning (Snowden called it a "plot twist") when it released documents linking a Russian tech company with access to thousands of citizens' telephone and internet communications with Moscow. From a report: Writing a summary of the cache of mostly Russian-language documents, Wikileaks claims they show how a long-established Russian company which supplies software to telcos is also installing infrastructure, under state mandate, that enables Russian state agencies to tap into, search and spy on citizens' digital activity -- suggesting a similar state-funded mass surveillance program to the one utilized by the U.S.'s NSA or by GCHQ in the U.K. (both of which were detailed in the 2013 Snowden disclosures). The documents which Wikileaks has published (there are just 34 "base documents" in this leak) relate to a St. Petersburg-based company, called Peter-Service, which it claims is a contractor for Russian state surveillance. The company was set up in 1992 to provide billing solutions before going on to become a major supplier of software to the mobile telecoms industry.
An anonymous reader shares a report: The rise of cyber-bullying and monopolistic business practices has damaged trust in the internet, pioneering entrepreneur Baroness Lane-Fox has told the BBC. The Lastminute.com founder also called for a "shared set of principles" to make the web happier and safer. She said the internet had done much good over the last 30 years. But she said too many people had missed out on the benefits and it was time to "take a step back". "The web has become embedded in our lives over the last three decades but I think it's reached an inflexion point, or a sort of midlife crisis," she told Radio 4's Today programme. Baroness Lane-Fox co-founded travel booking site Lastminute.com in 1998 before going on to sell the firm for 577m pound seven years later. She described the early days of the internet as being "full of energy and excitement," and akin to the "wild West". "There was this feeling that suddenly, with this access to this new technology, you could start a business from anywhere," she said. However, she said that while technology had become a hugely important sector of the UK economy, it had not fulfilled its early potential.
Louise Matsakis, reporting for Motherboard: Amazon announced earlier this month that it was looking to build a second headquarters outside Seattle, where more than 40,000 of the company's more than 380,000 employees currently work. The tech giant is searching for a locale with at least a million people, a diverse population, and excellent schools, among other qualifications. It gave municipalities six weeks -- until October 19 -- to submit a proposal to be chosen. Local governments in more than 100 American and Canadian cities, including places like San Diego, Chicago, Dallas, and Detroit, quickly scrambled to outline why they should be home to Amazon's new corporate office, which is expected to employ up to 50,000 workers. The mayor of Washington D.C., Muriel Bowser, even made a scripted video for Amazon explaining why the capital should be picked. It featured an Echo, Amazon's smart speaker. But experts who have studied Amazon's business practices say having one of the most tax-allergic corporations in the world come to your hometown might not actually be a good thing.
Claim Listing! Erin's 'FUNTASTIC' Fitness is located at Pippitta St, Marayong NSW 2148, Australia. You can contact Erin's 'FUNTASTIC' Fitness with telephone number +61 414 633 576 .
User Notice: This is a free business listing provided for Erin's 'FUNTASTIC' Fitness. We do not guarantee the accuracy of this listing and recommend that you verify the information by calling the business or by visiting their website link, if available. User-generated content like reviews or Erin's 'FUNTASTIC' Fitness are opinions expressed solely by our users. Any article submission for Erin's 'FUNTASTIC' Fitness should only be made by or with permission from the author. Media content such as photos and videos for Erin's 'FUNTASTIC' Fitness are sourced from the public domain and social media websites submitted and tagged by users who have access or owned by them.
Woodward Takes Swipe at CNN: 'More Serious Reporting' Is the Answer, Not a Lawsuit - Leah Barkoukis: Bob Woodward criticized CNN's response to the... [Read More]
As first lady, Michelle Obama found herself on the world stage as one of the most visible women in the world. But growing up she... [Read More]
President Donald Trump is weighing an administration-wide shake-up as he looks to prepare his White... [Read More]
CBS In an interview with Gayle King on CBS This Morning, former first lady Michelle Obama said she still believes that "going low" won't work... [Read More]
A black mom in Maryland confronted the white woman who hurled the N-word at her husband because of the way he pulled out of a... [Read More]
A white retired firefighter who shot at a black teenager who was lost was sentenced Tuesday to at least four years in prison. [Read More]
Megs is no stranger to this seasons NFL fans having kicked off both Monday and Thursday Night Football, but she also was seen during the... [Read More]
Supermodel/actress Front Montgomery will be hosting a new set of commercials on the NFL Network during Seahawks VS Packers game on Thursday Night Football. [Read More]
A self-described white nationalist who claimed he was a "friend" of Pittsburgh synagogue shooting suspect Robert Bowers was busted on a gun charge after claiming... [Read More]
President Donald Trump is weighing an administration-wide shake-up as he looks to prepare his White House for divided government, but it is unclear who is... [Read More]
Michelle Obama began her 12-stop book tour Tuesday (Nov. 13) by sitting with Oprah Winfrey before an audience at the home arena of the Chicago... [Read More]
A 14-year-old girl in Bolton and two 11-year-olds in Bury were approached by people travelling in white transit van... [Read More]
Michelle Obama is opening up about what it was like for her family to leave the White House after the election of President Trump. Her... [Read More]
It was 30 years ago Tuesday that Mulugeta Seraw, an Ethiopian immigrant, was beaten to death by three white supremacists using baseball bats. ... [Read More]
Deputy National Security Adviser Mira Ricardel is under scrutiny after reportedly clashing recently with Mrs. Trump. [Read More]
Michelle Obama recently sat down with TODAY's Jenna Bush Hager to discuss her new book "Becoming." The former first lady opened up about life in... [Read More]
Former White House intern Monica Lewinsky gets candid like never before in the new A&E docuseries, "The Clinton Affair," in which she opens up about... [Read More]
Three children have managed to escape attempted abductions in two separate incidents that are believed to be related. In both instances, they were approached by... [Read More]
In order to read or download left of bang how the marine corps combat hunter program can save your life unabridged ebook, you need to create a FREE account.
Challenge: An operator requested assistance in drilling operations of an 8,700-ft (2,652-m) lateral section and provision of continuous ROP with little torque and drag.
Result: ALPINE DRILL BEAD product and BRU were utilized midway through the lateral section and provided the necessary friction reduction with standoff to drill successfully to TD, despite having to make a trip due to tool failures.
Who said that back to school shopping was just for those kids who actually have to go back to school?! This time of year was always one of my faves. Absolutely not because of the return to class, but because of new markers, notebooks, sweaters and bags... and the fact that all things fall are right around the corner.
So because this time of year means a new season, I've pulled together all the things that give me those let's-get-serious-about-getting-some-stuff-done-but-look-cute-while-we-do-it feels.
So, I'm talking a blazer with fun florals, a bag that is just big enough to throw your lap-top in, all the rad desk things to create a killer workspace, and a whole lotta tassels and plaid. Now, let's do this Back to School thing.
I'm Amanda Louise, owner and lead designer of Amanda Louise Interiors, lover of pattern play, pups and all the colors.
This family called us in to help with their new build and it was such a pleasure. Throughout the space we used one of my favorite wall ...
Photo by Cleland Studios Hello friends! I'm spending some extra time at home this week recovering from a little surgery and...
Photos by Cleland Studios Ok, So I feel like I have been on a wooden roller coaster for the past six weeks. The ones where you fee...
We just wrapped up phase one of this project. A brick ranch that was stuck in the 70s, transformed to a space filled with all the color, al...
Well, it's that time of year! I have been in a mad-frenzy getting ready for our first Holiday entertaining and thought I would sh...
Y'all! It's here! One Room Challenge reveal day and I couldn't be happier. Other than the fact that I'm jonesing to m...
Well, this day is always like Christmas morning... One Room Challenge reveal day is here, people... and Jenny, From Boho Style File ...
Y'all! We've moved and you need to come see is over at amandalouiseinteriors.com There's a blog, there's gonna ...
Photos: Luke Cleland Hippity hop, don't stop. When we started working on this project, our clients, in the midst of a renovation, ...
Photo by Cleland Studios Happy Thursday, friends! This week has been a whirl wind after being out of the studio for a week and a hal...
Singer, Paul Okoye aka Rudeboy shared this cute photo of his twins, Nathan and Nadia hanging out at the beach. The father-of-three captioned it: “Beach life” on instagram
Receiving harassing calls from a this phone number? Help identify callers as unwanted and add to Do Not Call list.
If the caller is unknown telemarketer and sounds foreign, I stay on the phone to be politically correct. Agree Disagree No Answer
I do not believe the IRS would call me to tell me I will be arrested, and they would just do it. Agree Disagree No Answer
If the caller is unknown telemarketer and sounds foreign, I do not feel guilty if I hang up. Agree Disagree No Answer
I sometimes answer when driving, but hang up if no business or personal relationship. Agree Disagree No Answer
Sometimes when I answer a call from an unknown caller that asks for me, I tell them that person is dead. Agree Disagree No Answer
There are 31 quotes by Geraldo Rivera at 95quotes.com. Find your favorite quotations and top quotes by Geraldo Rivera from this hand-picked collection . Feel free to share these quotes and sayings on Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr & Twitter or any of your favorite social networking sites.
Mother Nature may be forgiving this year, or next year, but eventually she's going to come around and whack you. You've got to be prepared.
To see those babies with no food for three of four days, old people sitting in the hot sun, when you see these poor people, you cannot help but being compassionate or affected. ---->>>
Perhaps areas of Israel where current large Palestinian populations and demographic realities exist could be exchanged for Israeli expansion into the West Bank to include most of East Jerusalem. ---->>>
With years of experience doing whatever it takes to get to the bottom of each story, I am looking forward to covering the stories in the human dimension and impart the passion and visceral reactions the audience seeks. ---->>>
The real Michael Jackson that has not been seen... with children, one in diapers, the other two toddlers. ---->>>
Jackson and I spent the day together, just me and him and his children. Little underlings came and went. The PR person came and went. It was just Michael and me and the kids. And it was very interesting. ---->>>
One thing about these storms, we know how disruptive things can be when we depend on the system to keep working. What would happen if the terrorists do it? Knock down the power, destroy bridges, cut the water supply? ---->>>
The elite media has been caught in so many lies because of false statements that its whole reputation has eroded, their circulation is down, and their profits are down. ---->>>
There's no way New Orleans will ever be the city it was. I think it will have half the population. They may create a sort of Disneyland at the French Quarter for tourists. The rest I don't know. ---->>>
Rich people who own mansions on the beach shouldn't get federal subsidies. If you want to stay there, take the risk. ---->>>
Saturday Night Live is hitting me on a regular basis again. This is my fourth decade that I've been lampooned on Saturday Night Live. ---->>>
I'd work to make it hip again to spend time in our fabled and fabulous land. But with a Puerto Rican father and a Jewish mother, I would probably be better suited as mayor of New York. ---->>>
I've made a connection with the television audience by being a proud Latino man. I am passionate for what I do, courageous in the face of peril, honest and straightforward. ---->>>
This is the year of Katrina and Iraq. How the war ends is more important than how it began. However you feel about the war, you have to be compassionate and loving towards our troops. ---->>>
Geraldo Rivera (born Gerald Michael Rivera, July 4, 1943) is an American attorney, reporter, author, and talk show host. He was the host of the talk show Geraldo from 1987 to 1998. Rivera hosted the newsmagazine program Geraldo at Large, hosts the occasional broadcast of Geraldo Rivera Reports (in lieu of hosting At Large), and appears regularly on Fox News Channel programs such as The Five (wikipedia)
There are 5 quotes by Jerome Richardson at 95quotes.com. Find your favorite quotations and top quotes by Jerome Richardson from this hand-picked collection . Feel free to share these quotes and sayings on Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr & Twitter or any of your favorite social networking sites.
Each instrument has something to say to you. It's got its own character. Each horn has its own character and will say to you certain things. If you violate that, it's almost a sacrilege!
What I'd like to get across is try your best to be yourself. I realize there are those who are much further along than you are; there are stars, but learn to be who you are and to play yourself. Be confident in that fact. ---->>>
You got to play the flute as a flute, like that. You can't play like a tenor concept on soprano; it sounds wrong. But some guys do it, and they think it's O.K., but not so! ---->>>
Hey, look at this guy Kenny G. with his thing, walking up and down the aisles of the concert hall and running off the stage and playing the same time. It's old hat! ---->>>
I don't know what I was trying to get out of a tenor - but it never really satisfied me until one day I picked up my alto and I said, 'Where have you been?' and I said right here for now on! ---->>>
Jerome Richardson (December 25, 1920 – June 23, 2000) was an American jazz musician, tenor saxophonist, and flute player, who also played soprano sax, alto sax, baritone sax, clarinet, bass clarinet, alto flute and piccolo. He played with Charles Mingus, Lionel Hampton, the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Big Band, Kenny Burrell, and later with Earl Hines' small band (wikipedia)
Inch hardcase custom-made suitcase the suitcase turns into a mobile ‘billboard’ with a much greater reach than the many traditional promotional media at airports, bus terminals and train stations with this item you bring your brand to the attention of your prospects worldwide can be fully personalised from 200 units on (inside and outside) delivery time: +/- 7.
This is a placeholder page for Bill Carmichael, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Bill Carmichael.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Bill Carmichael. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Bill Carmichael. We created this page automatically in hopes Bill Carmichael would find it. If you are not Bill Carmichael, but are an alumni of Hoisington High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Hoisington High School	of Hoisington, Kansas
We are almost ready for releasing version 1.0 of the QuipuKit library for JSF. To give you a sneak peek at it, we have made it available as a Release Candidate. Download and evaluate the features that will be available in the final version of QuipuKit.
RC1 comes with numerous bug fixes, changes in API and many other improvements. For more details, see Release Notes page.
Last week during re:Invent, Amazon announced AWS IoT. If you ignore all the fluff on the product page, the service is essentially a message broker. You throw messages over MQTT to Amazon, and you can set up rules to act upon those messages, for example to store the messages in a database. In Telenor Digital we’re working quite a lot with LoRa, Semtech’s wide area network solution, and we figured it would be worth an experiment to see how we can integrate our network with AWS IoT.
First step is to make sure that authentication works. Contrary to AWS IoT predecessor ThingFabric, authentication does not happen through username/password, but rather via certificates. It might be safer, and allows you to revoke certificates easily, but not all tools support it (f.e. node-red); or just crash when trying to use certificates (hello MQTT.js). Even worse, Amazon did not get it’s sh*@ straight and is sending the wrong hostname in the certificate, causing tools like mosquitto to have to be called with the --insecure flag (which was not mentioned in the manual).
Find out the MQTT endpoint. This used to be in the UI, but they removed. Very annoying. To find it, first create a ‘Thing’, then select it and check the details tab, the host name that shows is your endpoint.
Now that we know that AWS works, we can start pumping the incoming messages on our LoRa network into AWS IoT. On our network side we use Semtech LoRaWAN Server, so if you’re using another platform, your mileage may vary. If we want to act on the data we can create a ‘customer server’, which is a program which listens on a socket that receives JSON messages whenever a device sends data over the network. This sounds like a great place of hacking our AWS middleware. To map from a LoRa device to a MQTT topic we want to use the applicationId and the deviceId, but unfortunately the applicationId is not included in the messages sent to the customer server. So if you want to go further, first apply this patch (the next major version of the server will include this patch).
Now we need to tell the Semtech server that our server needs to receive messages as well. Run loracmd (with all services running), and type (need to repeat this for every application ID you have):
AWS IoT is ‘just’ a message broker, and does not store historical data. But it also contains a rules engine, and thus we can create a rule which will store the data in a DynamoDB database. First go into the DynamoDB dashboard and create a new table with the following properties.
You might realize that timestamp is a string here, which seems weird, but unfortunately due to a bug in AWS IoT, the range key has to be of type string. Annoying.
Next, we’ll need to create a IAM role which is allowed to read / write data to this table. Go to IAM, and create a new Role.
Now go back to AWS IoT and choose to create a new role. We said before that we publish messages under lora/APPID/DEVICEID, so subscribe to all messages under lora/. We then publish to DynamoDB under APPID/DEVICEID.
Now we have all the bits and pieces in place. We use AWS IoT as our MQTT broker and DynamoDB to store our historical data. When we want to consume the data we can take any MQTT library to get events from our sensor, and we can use the AWS SDK to get historical data from DynamoDB. For an example of how to integrate everything in node.js, take a look here.
In general I think that AWS has a nice product, but setting it up is a big PITA, and when something goes wrong you’re basically in the dark, as I couldn’t manage to set up log files either. When everything runs it’s a nice experience, and a great fit for IoT developers, so let’s hope Amazon gets their onboarding experience straight.
Jan Jongboom is a Strategic Engineer for Telenor Digital, working on the Internet of Things. He’s also a Google Developer Expert for web.
Artificial Intelligence is eating the world, but how can we use this new power for good (and profit)? And should we be worried about the killer robots?
In AS3 you can simply smooth an image when resized, in Flex you can’t : this feature was not added to the component, so when the Image is resized it gets pixelated.
This is even more frustrating when you know that the component share the same low level class than the AS3 equivalent.
For your convenience i have built a SWC that you just have to put in your Flex project’s “libs” folder to get a new “SmoothImage” component.
Thank you for you all the wonderful service on the pool at my Father’s house. We will not hesitate to highly recommend your company to anyone who needs help with their pool
企业发展的终极目标是为了惠及员工、回报社会。在新的发展定位指引下，不断进行企业的转型升级，逐步提高公司的核心竞争力，实现公司向“工艺技术先进高效、生产装置配套合理、获益能力长期持续”的现代化工业企业的不断迈进，让员工持续享受到企业的发展成果，用更好的经营效益推动社会文明的进步。
ABSTRACT Design studios are at the core of interior architecture education. Environments where “learners form their own learning” enhance the communication between the teacher-learner, and learner–learner. Within this scope, the organization of design studios and the models that are applied are still the crucial research subjects on which teaching interior architecture works on. This paper investigates into the vertical interior design studio experience that is rebuilt in accordance with contemporary approaches towards studio education. Vertical interior design studio experience is built on associations, separations and on the interrelations between these associations and separations. The other input of this formation is the relations, associations, separations among the students within the group. The vertical studio setup that is applied during the 2016- 2017 Fall Semester at Department of Interior Architecture and Environmental Design of FMV Işık University is examined in terms of its construction, experience process, outputs and further critical investigation is carried out on the learning method.
Browse adjuster jobs in Memphis, TN (38107) to the right. We are constantly updating our jobs database with various adjuster opportunities near Memphis, TN.
Located in Memphis, TN. Work for Erie Insurance. Jobs Details: Adjuster, Law, Claims, Insurance, Legal. Assists In Training Of New Claims Adjusters. Candidates May Be Considered For Property Adjuster I Or II Based On...
Located in Collierville, TN. Work for AOC, LLC. Job Availability Details: The Engineer Acts As A Technical Resource To Plant Engineers, Department Leaders, Insurance Adjusters, And Customers....
Browse adjuster jobs in Ethan, SD (57334) to the right. We are constantly updating our jobs database with various adjuster opportunities near Ethan, SD.
Spectacular! We had our annual talent show where all our students performed their talents of singing, dancing, acrobatics, playing an instrument, ventriloquism and more! Our students were motivated to showcase their amazing skills. Talented! Great job!
Simply spectacular! Our 2nd Annual Fine Arts Night showcased K-8th grade artwork and musical ensemble performances. Our Fine Arts team and students did an excellent job!
It is the intent of the Legislature that the state fully cooperate with the Federal Aviation Administration regarding the appropriate division of responsibility for the regulation of unmanned aircraft systems between the federal and state governments so that the state may reserve and fully exercise any and all appropriate authority pursuant to federal laws as they exist in their current form and as they may be further amended hereafter.
(a) It shall be unlawful for any person to operate an unmanned aircraft system in, or fly an unmanned aircraft system over, the department’s managed lands or waters, except as authorized by the department, or unless otherwise exempted from this section.
(b) The prohibition in subdivision (a) does not apply to the operation of an unmanned aircraft system by a state agency within or over department-managed lands or waters, or to any person whom the Federal Aviation Administration, whether by permit, license, rule, or regulation, authorizes to operate an unmanned aircraft system for a commercial purpose and that is operated in a manner that complies with that authorization and the applicable regulations of the commission.
(c) The prohibition in subdivision (a) does not apply to legitimate news-gathering activity by a person described in Section 1070 of the Evidence Code.
(d) The commission may draft regulations consistent with this section and the Administrative Procedure Act (Chapter 3.5 (commencing with Section 11340) of Part 1 of Division 3 of Title 2 of the Government Code). In drafting the regulations, the commission shall maintain the authority to limit or revoke approved requests for the use of an unmanned aircraft system due to changing natural conditions or land management requirements.
(e) In reviewing a request to authorize the use of an unmanned aircraft system the department may, and in drafting the regulations authorized pursuant to subdivision (d), the commission may, consider any of the following:
(2) Harm to sensitive species, including those listed as threatened or endangered or that have other protected status.
(3) Disruption to wildlife at times of the year when incidents may have adverse effects, including, but not limited to, nesting, breeding, gestation, and migration seasons.
(6) Operation of an unmanned aircraft system in a careless or reckless manner, including an operator’s failure to adhere to visual line-of-sight practices.
(8) The appropriate use of unmanned aircraft systems for conservation and scientific research purposes.
(9) Authorization for pursuit and take for depredation purposes pursuant to Sections 3003.5 and 4181.
(f) The provisions of this section are severable. If any provision of this section or its application is held invalid, that invalidity shall not affect other provisions or applications that can be given effect without the invalid provision or application.
It shall be unlawful to use an unmanned aircraft system to take, or assist in the take of, fish or wildlife for sport purposes, including, but not limited to, the use of unmanned aircraft systems for scouting purposes.
It is unlawful to pursue, drive, or herd any bird or mammal with any motorized water, land, or air vehicle, including, but not limited to, a motor vehicle, airplane, unmanned aircraft system, powerboat, or snowmobile, except in any of the following circumstances:
(a) On private property by the landowner or tenant thereof to haze birds or mammals for the purpose of preventing damage by that wildlife to private property.
(b) Pursuant to a permit from the department issued under regulations as the commission may prescribe. With respect to unmanned aircraft systems, this subdivision shall include a lawful depredation permit issued by the department, notice to the department of the intended use of an unmanned aircraft system, approval from the department, and notice to the landowner.
Article 4 (commencing with Section 5085) is added to Chapter 1.2 of Division 5 of the Public Resources Code, to read:
(a) It shall be unlawful for any person to operate an unmanned aircraft system in, or fly an unmanned aircraft system over, Department of Parks and Recreation managed lands or waters, except as authorized by the department, or unless otherwise exempted from this article.
(b) The prohibition in subdivision (a) does not apply to the operation of an unmanned aircraft system by a state agency within or over department-managed lands or waters, or to any person whom the Federal Aviation Administration, whether by permit, license, rule, or regulation, authorizes to operate an unmanned aircraft system for a commercial purpose and that is operated in a manner that complies with that authorization and the applicable regulations of the department.
(d) The department may draft regulations consistent with this section and the Administrative Procedure Act (Chapter 3.5 (commencing with Section 11340) of Part 1 of Division 3 of Title 2 of the Government Code). In drafting the regulations, the department shall maintain the authority to limit or revoke approved requests for the use of an unmanned aircraft system due to changing natural conditions or land management requirements.
(e) In reviewing a request to use an unmanned aircraft system or in drafting the regulations authorized pursuant to subdivision (d), the department may consider any of the following:
No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
All are welcome to join, its free and. live aa meetings online the chat room focuses on the 12 steps and 12 traditions of alcoholics anonymous in recovery from alcoholism 247 aa chat room for anyone aa meeting chat room who thinks they may want to stop drinking of the aa program by not talking about who you saw at various meetings and. this room is used for meetings at scheduled times and is for general recovery. we have consorzio cam impianti industriali ravenna invested a lot of resources to make recovery world. early birds open a.a. pornhub is home to the widest selection of free blowjob sex videos full of. welcome to the alcoholics anonymous meetings colombianas cam xxx chat room at stepchat.com voglio una storia dove dicon ma quantoo cazzo stanmo durando welcome to the new and improved bao online pixar recovery – world.com! we have invested a lot of resources to make aa meeting chat room recovery world. eastern 5 am central 4 am mountain 3 am pacific 11 am utc (uk) log on to a.a. the miracles in progress group of aa meeting chat room alcoholics annoymous holds meetings here on. we work a step and a tradition each week. browse paltalk chat rooms to discover the thousands of paltalk members waiting to chat. free chat rooms, video chat, instant messaging and more. big book study meeting. free chat rooms, video chat, instant messaging and more. 6 a.m.
One of them—the son of a colonel in the army, long since dead—this only son kept yet a remnant, if no more, of the faith of his childhood, cherished in him by his widowed mother with jealous care, as he detailed to her from time to time fragments of the nightly discussions against the immortality of the soul.
The plugin is not compatible with shared container and trend graphs. An enhancement request is already opened for that but feel free to post an idea so it can be prioritzed properly.
The goal of that shell script is to modify the "neoload-report/report.xml" file in order to move the content of the <shared-elements> inside the <virtual-users> section.
Jenkins is configured to take Neoload scripts from git and run it with Neoloadcmd.exe. Neoload plugin is configured with jenkins. Now Jenkins successfully runs the script, but...
I can see in the first screenshot about the global summary, that an automatic filter has been applied to keep only the first two seconds of the test (note that the filter...
We have scheduled neoload to run from Jenkins and got a customized graph for 95th percentile. On the Y-axis the graph is displaying as percentile which is misleading ideally...
104. LA CONQUÊTE DU PÔLE SUD. Issued by ? in Serie 40 of 12 cards. In this instance, the cards are mounted on two pages of text in French (not included here, other than the card titles). Size: Ca. 2.2" x 1.57".
As well as these, Nestle also produced another 12 cards, in their next album: Album Nestle 1936-1937 Sports, Contes, Explorations, Paysages de France.
Built around the ProTour worthy aerodynamic UHC Advanced carbon fiber frame, the DA2 is ready to tackle your next race against the clock. Built with the wind-cheating Bayonet base bar, Reynolds/Felt TTR1 aero wheels, and internal cable routing, the DA2 is a no compromises race machine. Dura Ace Di2 electronic shifters deliver precise and accurate shifting, while the Bayonet 3 fork provides exceptional aerodynamics and unprecedented adjustability. From the integrated aerodynamic brakes to the Ultegra Di2 components—every detail on the DA2 is designed to give you an advantage come race day.
The Bayonet is Felt’s patented aerodynamic fork design for time trial, triathlon, and track bikes. By moving the fork’s steerer tube outside the frame we were able to increase front-end stiffness and steering precision, while dramatically decreasing wind drag. It’s the fastest, most aerodynamic fork and steering system in the world.
This product directly benefited from advanced computer design work using Computational Fluid Dynamic (CFD) software from CD-Adapco as well as extensive wind tunnel testing to make them as aerodynamically efficient and technologically advanced as possible.
This indicates Felt’s exclusive premium quality component line Devox. Every component with the Devox name was designed by the same team of engineers responsible for cutting-edge Felt bikes and technology. When you see the Felt Devox name, you know that particular part or component is held to the very highest technological and performance standard.
Ultra Hybrid Carbon Advanced refers to the lightweight, stiff and durable blend of carbon fiber material used in the performance frames bearing the UHC Advanced label. Because the high modulus materials have a higher fiber to resin ratio, these frames are typically about 20% lighter than UHC Performance frames while remaining equally strong and stiff. UHC Advanced offers the best combination of value and performance.
Artcurial has a very exciting and accessible two part sale coming up on the 4th of October. You have lots of time to browse and make careful choices! There are over 500 lots just in the day sale! We’ve … Continue reading →
‘Art & Design without Boundaries’ at Tajan, Paris French auction house, Tajan is currently hosting the exhibition ‘Art & Design without boundaries’ as part of their program ‘The Artist and his Supporters’ which launched in 2004. The program, created by … Continue reading →
Jord Armchair in Carrara marble Born in Togo, raised in the New York, studied in London and worked in Paris, a self proclaimed artist with an engineering and architecture degree, Kossi Aguessy now lives and works in London and Toulouse. His … Continue reading →
Le Don du Fel ceramic centre in Aveyron Founded by American ceramic artist Suzy Atkins (who shows her own work at the centre) and her English husband Nigel in the 1970s, Le Don du Fel has developed into an important … Continue reading →
We can’t help but peak ahead a bit even as we’re enjoying these wonderful summer days! There are some great shows and sales coming to Paris this fall and one that looks exciting is the Piasa sale of Contemporary Chinese … Continue reading →
Aaron Eckhart plays a former CIA man who gets headhunted by an Overseas Corporation up to Conspiracy Shenanigans and then literally headhunted when he shows up to work.
Watch for: paint by numbers conspiracy thriller that's better than it deserves, thanks to very competent casting and direction.
Meditations on film, some written for pay and all for pleasure. Not an archive or a memory place, but a persistent vision of how film can be seen and read. The reviewer watches previews and matinees in Singapore's cinemas.
Vernon Chan is a writer in Singapore who grew up with movies (mostly musicals!) from a young age, and has since written and produced short films. He is also the festival programmer of the 3rd Toronto Singapore Film Festival.
Vernon Chan asserts his moral and legal rights as the author of the movie reviews posted here. Powered by Blogger.
Dark Christianity - Obama to do gospel tour with radical right singer who crusades against "the curse of homosexuality"
As religious conservatives gather in Washington this weekend for the “Values Voters Summit,” Senator Barack Obama’s campaign announced its latest effort to attract people of faith to the campaign: a gospel concert tour.
"All three of the dates of the “Embrace the Change” tour are in South Carolina, where Mr. Obama is locked in battle with Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton for black voters.
Gospel acts including Mary Mary, Donnie McClurkin and Hezekiah Walker, Byron Cage and the Mighty Clouds of Joy are scheduled to appear."
Is there a single US presidential hopeful *without* Dominionist ties or connections of some kind? Hilary's campaign team, Ron Paul's KKK and other friends... is there anyone you'd want to vote for?
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Matthew Langford Perry (born August 19, 1969) is an American-Canadian actor, best known for his role as Chandler Bing on the popular, long-running NBC television sitcom Friends, for which he earned an Emmy Award nomination in 2002. His portrayal of Ron Clark in The Ron Clark Story earned him an Emmy nomination and a Golden Globe nomination. He also guest-starred in three episodes of the drama series The West Wing, which garnered him two consecutive Emmy nominations in 2003 and 2004. Perry also starred in the short-lived series Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, and had roles in the films The Whole Nine Yards (2000) and its sequel The Whole Ten Yards (2004), Numb (2007), and 17 Again (2009). Perry is the co-creator, co-writer, executive producer and star of the ABC sitcom Mr. Sunshine, which premiered on February 9, 2011. Description above from the Wikipedia article Matthew Perry, licensed under CC-BY-SA, full list of contributors on Wikipedia.
As a professional piano player for most of his adult life, Billy Joel understands the appeal of ivory more than most -- but as he made clear with a recent public statement supporting a ban on illegal ivory sales in the state of New York, he also understands that using it often carries an unconscionably high price.
Joel offered his support for the measure, introduced by New York governor Andrew Cuomo, in an open letter posted at his website. "I am a piano player. And I realize that ivory piano keys are preferred by some pianists," reads the note in part. "But a preference for ivory keys does not justify the slaughter of 96 elephants every day. There are other materials which can be substituted for piano keys. But magnificent creatures like these can never be replaced. Music must never be used as an excuse to destroy an endangered species. Music should be a celebration of life -- not an instrument of death."
A LongIsland.com report on the bill quotes state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver as calling New York "a leading market in the world for illegal ivory sales" and adding, "Not only are we protecting elephants and rhinos from extinction but we are also cutting off the flow of cash to organized crime and terrorist organizations."
Cuomo concurred, vowing, "The illegal ivory trade has no place in New York State, and we will not stand for individuals who violate the law by supporting it. This bill expands restrictions on the sale of ivory materials and toughens penalties against those who sell them, helping to curtail the rise of a dangerous and cruel industry that is endangering animals around the world."
Teddy Mommy told me that mommy has already bought some new clothes for me. Hmm, I think I can trust her fashion tastes...
The weather in Taiwan is getting cold, so I got a little cold just before my original departure date, unfortunately. So, as the result, Teddy Mommy postponed my journey and insisted that I need to get better before I can do to Chicago.
This is a reminder that Neighborhood Boys and Girls Club (NBGC) will be CLOSED Memorial Day Weekend.
There will be NO programs on Friday, May 27th to Monday, May 30th. All programs will resume on Tuesday, May 31st.
Please make sure to pick up your child at their school when they are dismissed on Friday. I hope you have a great holiday weekend.
​Please join us on Thursday, May 26th for Bateman's 2nd Annual Fine Arts Night. The Fine Arts Night will showcase K-8th grade artwork and musical ensemble performances. Light refreshments and drinks provided.
The fermented probiotic milk beverage, kefir, is made by grains consisting of an consortium of microbes (including lactic acid bacteria and yeasts) surrounded by a exopolysaccharide matrix. The members of this consortium have not been fully characterized by culture-independent methodologies, nor has the population dynamics of these kefir grains been determined.
Using culture independent methodology, we propose to investigate the population structure and possible dynamics of this microbiological consortium under several conditions: from isolate to isolate locally, from isolates at different geographical locations, and before and after changes in cultivation conditions (moving from milk to grape juice or sugar-water). This approach should reveal the level of population diversity among the residents of active fermenting grains, and how the population structure is altered by changing culture conditions.
In addition, we propose to investigate if �non-kefir associated� lactic acid bacteria can become incorporated into kefir grains during culture, using GFP labeling to reveal �microgeographic� aspects of this process, if it occurs.
Finally, we will develop a �virtual meeting place� for investigators interested in this phenomenon: �Kamp Kefir.� This site will contain sequence data from experiments such as we describe carried out by as many investigators as have interest in this approach, as well as information about kefir and data pertaining to this interesting system. The resident data will serve as an excellent teaching tool for students, particularly students interested in bioinformatics, metagenomics, and related technologies, at institutions that do not have active research programs.
Standard microbiological equipment and supplies, kefir grains from various sources, gfp-shuttle vector, universal 16s and 18s rRNA primers, PCR reagents and equipment, TA-TOPO cloning kit, competent E. coli cells, plasmid miniprep supplies, access to DNA sequencing facilitity.
very nice product serves exactly what it says .just the only thing and It only happens when I change..
was wondering if it is no cut adapter.that's fine no need to cut finanlly when i receive it.but keep..
of sharing with others is prohibited without permission from Council of Engineering and Scientific Society Executives.
Ajax Ajax Login form android push notification Browser push notification Console items CRUD customize skadate x home page Fit All Markers to the maps Git Git Branches Git commands google maps HTML5 IOS IOS push notification jQuery Loading bar muti color google map marker oxwall pdo PHP php7 php7 on wamp progress bar push notification Skadate Oxwall Custom widgets SkaDate x VCS wamp web push notification widgets youtube backgound video
This wedding was shot in Old Street and Hampstead, London. It was a joy to capture their day. The weather was great, the atmosphere was electric and everyone had a boogie on the dance floor.
On the page of each map you have a button called “Add to favorites” from which you can make the map become a favorite.
In case this map is already on your list of favorites, you can delete it from the list in the button that you find on the map page, or directly from the section “Favorites” on your profile.
From december, 11th 2007 until september, 3rd 2017 A PICTURE A DAY published one picture every single day. Well, that was it. Thank you for visiting APAD over the years, it was fun but enough is enough...
This website can be found in these different languages for our customer's convenience, our tech support and sales departments do not support non-English communications. We will only respond to requests and emails submitted in English.
These pages are automatically translated from English using translation services in addition to localization systems. We are not responsible for any imperfections resulting from the automated translation.
Gaylord Texan is proud to present our 2018 Atrium Art Tour, which will showcase local and regional artists as a part of our annual SummerFest extravaganza. As many as 15 artists will be given the opportunity to display their work and their contact information in our sprawling indoor atrium between Memorial Day and Labor Day, where they will be seen by more than 300,000 guests!
All pieces submitted for consideration must work in conjunction with our SummerFest theme– THE SMURFS! Please note that no Smurfs characters or imagery should appear in any way your piece(s). Rather, the chosen pieces should look as though they would belong in the Smurfs Village and the surrounding forest. Think of words like: enchanted, mystical, magical, woodland, fairytale, fantasy, etc. No pieces depicting actual Smurfs characters will be considered.
In addition to maximum exposure of their art, selected participants will also receive a complimentary one-night stay and dinner for two at the resort. If interested please email texanticketing@gaylordhotels.com for an application.
Permanent link to this article: http://artgroupsdfw.com/competitions-calls-for-entries/art-tour-at-the-gaylord-texan-call-for-artists/
2nd Annual Jewelry Trunk Show with Good Life Family Magazine Nov. 15 at The Artists Showplace Gallery
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 October 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 February 2009 January 2009 October 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 March 2007 October 2006 September 2006 March 2006 January 2006
DFW Arts Daily – Headlines from 70+ local visual and performing arts groups and institutions, plus other local news sources. Includes images and videos. Free subscription.
Please select your image(s) to upload. (jpegs preferred -- no smaller than 150 pixels in either dimension or larger than 3600)
The purpose of Art News DFW is to foster creativity through visual art nonprofit organizations that support working artists.
This site is a gift to the thriving art community of the North Texas area from: Sharon Giles & Nancy Friedel.
On a Saturday morning, May 21, 40 8th grade students concluded their study of the Holocaust with a trip to the Holocaust Museum in Skokie. The students had a guided tour of the artifacts and displays in the museum before hearing a 45 minute presentation from Joanne Brainin, a Holocaust survivor. The museum visit also related to their study of acts of genocide in Guatemala and Bosnia.
Our 7th Grade students magnificently performed at the culmination of the iLEAD program. Awesome job!
Bateman was awarded a $15,000 teaching residency called iLEAD, in which teaching artists worked with 7th grade students on leadership skills, encouragement, and community building, through hip hop dancing. All aspects of this teaching residency took place during 7th grade specials classes every Tuesday/Thursday. ​
We've been featured! Aramark Chef Brian Kozlow conducted a live cooking demonstration of the Chicken-Ham Chef Salad for all the students that visited the cafeteria. The students were very engaged and really enjoyed it! Bateman was selected for this activity because four students chose to focus their 8th grade “Passion Project” on something that they felt strongly about – and these students were passionate about school lunch! Please read below!
Two 8th grade students organized the collection of basic supplies such as towels, soap, and diapers to donate to needy families in the Bateman community. The students also collected a total of $134 from the Bateman staff to donate to the Common Pantry. The Common Pantry assists families in need with food and basic supplies. Families may go to commonpantry.org for information about assistance, making donations, and volunteering.
29 30 31 1 Thursday, 1. November 2018	 2 Friday, 2. November 2018	 3 Saturday, 3. November 2018	 4 Sunday, 4. November 2018
5 Monday, 5. November 2018	 6 Tuesday, 6. November 2018	 7 Wednesday, 7. November 2018	 8 Thursday, 8. November 2018	 9 Friday, 9. November 2018	 10 Saturday, 10. November 2018	 11 Sunday, 11. November 2018
12 Monday, 12. November 2018	 13 Tuesday, 13. November 2018	 14 Wednesday, 14. November 2018	 15 Thursday, 15. November 2018	 16 Friday, 16. November 2018	 17 Saturday, 17. November 2018	 18 Sunday, 18. November 2018
19 Monday, 19. November 2018	 20 Tuesday, 20. November 2018	 21 Wednesday, 21. November 2018	 22 Thursday, 22. November 2018	 23 Friday, 23. November 2018	 24 Saturday, 24. November 2018	 25 Sunday, 25. November 2018
26 Monday, 26. November 2018	 27 Tuesday, 27. November 2018	 28 Wednesday, 28. November 2018	 29 Thursday, 29. November 2018	 30 Friday, 30. November 2018	 1 2
Welcome back to the Owl Admission Blog! As most of y’all could have surmised, I (along with the other bloggers) stopped posting for a few months because of Rice’s summer holiday. Before the break started I promised myself that I would try new things this summer, and not end up working some part-time job that had nothing to do with what I really love: art history. So, what’s a girl to do?
Well, some of you already know. I decided to study abroad in Florence, Italy. I decided to get out of Houston and live in a different country for an entire month– in a place that is just as hot as Texas yet doesn’t rely on air conditioning– studying Renaissance art history and painting conservation. If I could sum the experience up in a single word, it would have to be “hot.” It was hot outside of school when we walked to churches and museums, it was hot inside of school when I was bent over a 15th century portrait removing layers of varnish, it was hot inside of my apartment when I learned to cook (pretty much for the first time) with my five other flatmates, and it was most definitely hot when a group of friends and I escaped Florence and went to Cinque Terre for the weekend. In retrospect, the temperature is entirely irrelevant. Sure, the word “hot” preceded every single thing that I did overseas, but it certainly didn’t trump the amazing opportunities that I had been given.
I loved my art history class because each time we met (which was three times a week, three hours on Wednesdays and Fridays, ten hours on Saturdays) I was able to see things in person that I had only ever seen on paper before. To actually stand in front of Michelangelo’s David is an incredible moment. My painting conservation class (ten hours each Tuesday and Thursday) threw chemistry and art together in the most intimidating yet gratifying way. I’m in no way a hard science kind of person; the only other major that I have dabbled in is economics (and even then I despised calculus). But, despite that, I still loved mixing solvents and cleaning the frames and canvases. It’s an entirely different form of art appreciation than art history, and it was humbling to actually touch something that was so old (okay, not necessarily that old in art history terms, but still).
Studying abroad wasn’t the only thing I did this summer, though. I also took a course at Rice University in May, and I was selected as a Mary Ellen Hale Lovett Traveling Fellow in the art history department. My next posts will cover those activities, and then you’ll (finally) get to see what I’m up to now!
We are excited to launch our new company and product Ooooh. After being featured in too many magazines to mention and having created an online stir, we know that Ooooh is going to be big. You may have seen us in the Dinosaurs’ Den where we were we told that we didn’t need them because we were already doing it so well ourselves, so that’s what we have continued to do. We also hope to win Startup Fictional Business of the Year this Year. You may have seen us in the Dinosaurs’ Den where we were we told that we didn’t need them because we were already doing it so well ourselves, so that’s what we have continued to do.
Copyright ©2018 Mönchengladbach	. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress & Designed by Cyclone Themes
Tantalizing, Pleasing, Burning… I’d love to let you celebrate my curves as I point to you my hottest moves. Melding our creativity when spending time alone results in memorable experiences, based on unforgettable pleasure.
Should you be operating Shimano gearing,chain and many others be sure the jockey wheels usually are not a third party established, if so, purchase Shimano ones, they do the job much better than Other individuals.
July fourteen, 2014 Hello guys, spoilt for alternatives,the steel v ali debate?? V brake or disc??Santos i havent viewed but if its dutch id hope its a superb bike, like koga who use aluminium for rtw touring(a motive persons like ali is light-weight for air transit, and it wont rust like steel) but might be a severe experience,so invest in a suspension seat in addition to a brooks saddle,backside will thank ya..Roholf or mech?? Roholf belt generate i have achieved a tourer utilizing and he was proud of it, pricey combo but when it rolls for 100,000klm and comp have excellent rep. Mainly because it involves desire and path n error..I a tiny bit like oneself preferred a rtw expadition bike. I received a thorn ripio frame which i then constructed up myself …doing that i selected my greatest spec bits xt tubus fsa brookes ergo and many others( obtaining superior reductions on the net) and most important reach know the way it goes alongside one another .
For my following journey in the height District, I had a completely new twin-wall rear wheel, and a new wider assortment rear cassette, still walked up lots of hills, but who cares, I used to be wild camping, and just creating my route up as I went together.
Most likely it could be assumed that 32 spoke established-ups are robust enough, provided that Rohloff as well as the expedition bike companies, who stake their standing on trustworthiness and longevity, use that set-up.
I bought the TX-four hundred past yr and took it on ten tour of Oman. It’s a really great bike! Pretty durable, not to mention hefty but super easy to take care of. My ony complaint was the business’s website. Every thing is in German and they are very hard to talk to.
125 balloon tires. The struts are more recent Electra cut all the way down to fit, grips are 3 one/2" coke bottle kind. The seat may be the worst component Along with the best all cracked and missing chunks and one of the behive springs is broke. Adorable little person, just wants a whole new seat and ready for your child or grand kid to have in the vintage bike hobby.
December 19, 2013 Thanks Yuri. I here am able to depend the amount of occasions I’ve been more than daily’s experience from supplies within the fingers of 1 hand. Just about Anyone could “loosen up” and go rapid and nimble. I assume it will depend on your priorities for being within the road!
You'll find an excellent lots of additional bikes offered inside the expedition touring bike category. I’ve compiled a huge list of these in your case inside of a separate blog submit entitled “An enormous List Of Touring Bikes For Around the globe Cycling Expeditions” (that includes 52 different bikes and counting to this point).
The tank I do think is actually off a Jet Circulation, but patina and color are a wonderful match. I have a Colour Movement tank I can through in nonetheless it will require paint matched. New tubes and ww tires, serviced and ready to ride.
December twelve, 2013 Thanks Ben! I haven’t involved Thorn in this article since they’re a tad dear with the mid-vary, but I’ll do so inside a long run piece on larger conclude tourers…
You’ll just will need to find a method of mounting a rack. Tubus do seatstay clamp kits for bikes like this. Your other solution is really a trailer like the Extrawheel.
Nirve rolls back the clock of American common lifestyle with their Kilroy cruiser. The Army-eco-friendly aluminum frame is vintage 1940’s fashion and it is complemented by tall, broad bars permitting you to soak up the scene, matching fenders that are both purposeful and classy, in addition to a rack to carry your gear alongside.
It’s Cr Mo steel frame and rigid forks [not even butted], Acera team established, sq. travel triple chain rings and 26″ wheels, have a true strong experience, so following fitting Marathon tyres, racks, and bar ends, I addressed myself to the pair of 46li Altus rear panniers plus a bar bag.
May 31, 2013 Hi, I'm not new to biking but am to touring. I just purchased a Tout Terrain SilkRoad Frame with derailleur hanger (not getting the Rohloff hub Edition) and need to develop it up with durable parts. System on utilizing drop bars, 26″ wheels, and cable disc brakes. I also like grip shift but don’t know if This really is suitable check here with drop bars, as well as When they are nevertheless built.
After the introduction of the September 5, 2018 'Stop Bad Employers by Zeroing Out Subsidies (Stop BEZOS) Act', Amazon announced to its workers on October 2, 2018, that the minimum wage paid to salaried workers be increased to $15 per hour.[153] The wage increase applies to about 350,000 workers. It does not apply to the majority of Amazon's employees who are contract workers. Furthermore, Amazon has also removed some grants and stock options.
Turn on 1-Click. Click the "Turn 1-Click on" button on the right side of the page. This will toggle the 1-Click settings for your account. You can now click the "1-Click Order" button on most items (including all digital items including all Amazon Kindle books and Kindle apps, etc, as well as Amazon Video (formerly called both Amazon Instant Video and Amazon Video-on-Demand)) to have them instantly ordered and shipped. You will have 30 minutes to cancel erroneous orders.
As it stands today, Amazon employs more than half a million people, more so than any other technology company in the country and second only to Walmart in the US. But the eventual result of its investments in robotics and AI is that technology’s biggest and fast-growing workforce could see that growth start to slow and, perhaps years down the line, even shrink as robots tackle ever more complicated tasks. In the process, the company may develop robots for use outside its fulfillment centers. Amazon has already changed how we shop and, by extension, how we live our lives. Its next big step could be changing how we work.
H&M's business concept is to offer fashion and quality at the best price. H&M has since it was founded in 1947 grown into one of the world's leading fashion companies. The content of this site is copyright-protected and is the property of H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB. H&M is committed to accessibility. That commitment means H&M embraces WCAG guidelines and supports assistive technologies such as screen readers. If you are using a screen reader, magnifier, or other assistive technologies and are experiencing difficulties using this website, please call our TOLL-FREE support line (855-466-7467) for assistance.
Amazon announced to debut the Amazon 4-star in New York, Soho neighborhood Spring Street between Crosby and Lafayette on 27 September 2018. The store carries the 4-star and above rated products from around New York.[64] The amazon website searches for the most rated, highly demanded, frequently bought and most wished for products which are then sold in the new amazon store under separate categories. Along with the paper price tags, the online-review cards will also be available for the customers to read before buying the product.[65][66]
*Ad dates and offers vary by market. mPerks offers good with mPerks digital coupon(s). See coupon(s) for terms. Buy one, get one (BOGO) promotional items must be of equal or lesser value. Special pricing and offers are good only while supplies last. No rainchecks or substitutions unless otherwise stated. Buy/save offers must be purchased in a single transaction; no cash back. Other conditions and/or exclusions may apply. Meijer.com reserves the right to limit quantities (including after you've submitted your order).
While sites like eBay and Craigslist allow you to list any item barring certain exceptions, Amazon asks that you find a similar product in its database. If you can’t find a similar product, Amazon has a procedure for creating a new product page. You should be aware, however, that new products often require additional approval from Amazon before listing can occur.
Brilliance Audio is an audiobook publisher founded in 1984 by Michael Snodgrass in Grand Haven, Michigan.[93] The company produced its first 8 audio titles in 1985.[93] The company was purchased by Amazon in 2007 for an undisclosed amount.[94][95] At the time of the acquisition, Brilliance was producing 12–15 new titles a month.[95] It operates as an independent company within Amazon.
All products and services featured are selected by our editors. Real Simple may receive compensation for some links to products and services in this email on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice. Real Simple is part of the Meredith Home Group. © Copyright Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited | Privacy policy | Terms of Service | Ad Choices | Your California Privacy Rights | EU Data Subject Requests
Twitch started in 2007 as a 24-hour live stream of co-founder Justin Kan’s life (he coined the term “lifecasting”) called Justin.tv, but it became very clear very quickly that live gaming content was more popular than pretty much anything else. In 2011, Twitch spun off gaming-centric channels as Twitch.tv, and it grew exponentially as online games and the technology to broadcast them live on the internet became more widespread and popular.
When it comes to which shopping holiday will save you more—Black Friday vs. Cyber Monday—for years, Black Friday dominated, a tried and true tradition for many deal-saavy families. However, as retailers have rolled out sales on Thanksgiving (and even earlier) and more people have gravitated to online shopping, Cyber Monday has become a big draw for those who want to forgo the early wake-up call and long lines, and shop from the comfort of their couch.
The legendary red logo that you’ll see on all of the products in our As Seen On TV shop is now recognizable Worldwide, and was originally designed by A.J. Khubani, CEO of Telebrands, a company that has sold hundreds of millions of ASTV products. The logo is actually unprotected, which turned out to be a good thing as it allowed the industry to explode. This means that anyone can use the AsSeenOnTV logo on packaging and in trade without the risk of infringing on someone else’s trademark.
shopping discounts shopping coupon shabbat meals jerusalem | discount shop shopping online credit account
Look at shipping costs. While items may not cost to ship at purchase, how much does it cost to return it in case it wasn’t what you’re after? “If you have to pay for shipping or return shipping it may be smarter to look elsewhere because the delivery fees could cancel out the savings,” says Woroch. “Knowing these details ahead of time is key to saving money and your sanity.”
That same year, the company launched Dash buttons for instant reordering of products like laundry detergent, and it’s more recently been investing in new services that let package-carrying couriers unlock the truck of your car and even your front door. Most recently, Amazon has signaled an intention to disrupt health care by purchasing online pharmaceutical startup PillPack. All of this has helped Amazon grow its North American retail operation at an unbelievable pace; annual sales for the division more than doubled from $50.8 billion in 2014 to $106.1 billion last year.
But Amazon has been testing its drones for years and performed the first public demo delivery in the US last year. Meanwhile, it continues to submit outlandish patents about its vision for the future of drone delivery, including one for a self-destructing drone that disassembles itself in an emergency and a delivery drone mothership of sorts that would act as a city’s central hub for package-carrying UAVs.
With Prime Pantry, which also launched in 2014, Amazon honed its focus on competing with the Walmarts and pharmacies of the world by giving Prime subscribers an easy way to fill one giant box with household supplies and other nonperishable goods. In 2015, Amazon launched a home services arm for everything from house cleanings and oil changes to furniture assembly and theater installation.
Use this promo code and get a whopping $25 off and when you sign up for AmazonFresh (new customers) and place your first order for $100 or more. Try Amazon Fresh for 30 FREE days when you sign up today! With AmazonFresh, customers can combine grocery and other shopping into one seamless experience that easily fits into their busy lives. Customers can order a wide range of items, including everything from fruits, vegetables, meat, seafood, baked goods, and dairy products to beauty products and household goods. AmazonFresh offers same-day or next-day delivery!
To help you save time while shopping, Amazon offers 1-Click ordering when you first place an order and enter your shipping and payment information. This feature lets you click “Buy now with 1-Click” on any product page to instantly order that item using your saved shipping and payment information. With 1-Click ordering, you won't have to go through pages of payment and shipping options separately anymore — and when you're trying to get the best Cyber Monday deals, every second counts.
Save money without compromising quality when you shop Amazon Renewed! Products on Amazon Renewed are tested and certified by qualified suppliers to work and look like new and come with a minimum 90-day supplier warranty. Get great deals, like up to 33% off smartphones, computers, laptops, tablets, home and kitchen appliances, game consoles, office products, and more.
With Prime Pantry, which also launched in 2014, Amazon honed its focus on competing with the Walmarts and pharmacies of the world by giving Prime subscribers an easy way to fill one giant box with household supplies and other nonperishable goods. In 2015, Amazon launched a home services arm for everything from house cleanings and oil changes to furniture assembly and theater installation.
Information may be abridged and therefore incomplete. This document/information does not constitute, and should not be considered a substitute for, legal or financial advice. Each financial situation is different, the advice provided is intended to be general. Please contact your financial or legal advisors for information specific to your situation.
shopping discounts shop online without using cvv | discount price shopping shopping online good or bad
Raw Generation is a raw juice company that launched its ecommerce store through Shopify, only to experience little success in its first 6 months. But you know what they say, where there’s a will there’s a way, and owner, Jessica Geier, was determined to find it. Raw Generation used deal sites to take the company’s monthly revenues from $8,000 to $96,000!
While Amazon was expanding into streaming video, hardware, and cloud computing, it simultaneously maintained an aggressive push into even faster shipping and all new retail formats. The company started its same-day shipping initiative, Prime Now, in New York City in 2014, and it’s since expanded it to dozens of cities around the world. Around the same time, Amazon began a program called AmazonFresh to stock and ship groceries — including vegetables and refrigerated and freezer products — that it used as a way to stay competitive with traditional big-box retailers like Walmart and Target and Uber-like logistics newcomers like Instacart. The company now sells its own line of meal kits through Fresh to rival ready-to-cook options from companies like Blue Apron and Plated.
Although As Seen On TV was founded in the 1980’s by Shark Tank panel member Kevin Harrington, the public domain label is often used to refer to all infomercials that have aired to date – ranging from the familiar Ron Popeil and his line of popular “o-matic” products, to Sir James Dyson and everyone in between. The infomercials all use direct marketing which allows customers to immediately understand the benefits of a product, and provides the seller with an easy way to track results and understand if a campaign will be profitable.
Amazon's Prime subscription service costs $99 per year and provides free two-day shipping on items purchased from Amazon that display the "Prime" logo. Prime includes free shipping on Marketplace items that sellers opt to have delivered via Amazon's warehouse, but not on most third-party purchases. Even without Prime, orders over $35 include free basic shipping, but Prime can save you a good amount on shipping if you frequently place small orders or need items delivered quickly. In addition, Prime includes extras such as Prime Instant Video, a streaming video service similar to Netflix, Prime Music, which provides free streaming music, and the ability to borrow one Kindle e-book per month from the Amazon Kindle Lending Library. To start a subscription, click "Your Prime" at the top of any Amazon page.
Some workers, "pickers", who travel the building with a trolley and a handheld scanner "picking" customer orders can walk up to 15 miles during their workday and if they fall behind on their targets, they can be reprimanded. The handheld scanners give real-time information to the employee on how fast or slowly they are working; the scanners also serve to allow Team Leads and Area Managers to track the specific locations of employees and how much "idle time" they gain when not working.[183][184] In a German television report broadcast in February 2013, journalists Diana Löbl and Peter Onneken conducted a covert investigation at the distribution center of Amazon in the town of Bad Hersfeld in the German state of Hessen. The report highlights the behavior of some of the security guards, themselves being employed by a third party company, who apparently either had a neo-Nazi background or deliberately dressed in neo-Nazi apparel and who were intimidating foreign and temporary female workers at its distribution centers. The third party security company involved was delisted by Amazon as a business contact shortly after that report.[185][186][187][188][189]
Amazon’s transformation into the world’s more pervasive retail operation wouldn’t be complete unless the company began a seemingly counterintuitive push from online to offline. Starting with its brick-and-mortar bookstores in 2015 — first in Seattle and now in Chicago and New York City — Amazon established its intent to compete on all fronts with its retail competitors.
Perhaps the most prominent Prime perk, however, is access to Amazon Prime Video. The video on-demand service started in 2006 as Amazon Unboxed, but was rebranded in 2008 and integrated into the Prime service three years later, where it became a huge selling point for Amazon’s annual subscription. It now boasts thousands of free TV shows, films, and games, all accessible on pretty much every screen available.
Amazon employs a multi-level e-commerce strategy. Amazon started by focusing on business-to-consumer relationships between itself and its customers and business-to-business relationships between itself and its suppliers and then moved to facilitate customer-to-customer with the Amazon marketplace which acts as an intermediary to facilitate transactions. The company lets anyone sell nearly anything using its platform. In addition to an affiliate program that lets anyone post-Amazon links and earn a commission on click-through sales, there is now a program which lets those affiliates build entire websites based on Amazon's platform.[147]
Aside from creating the logo, A.J Khubani actually played a huge role in the advent of the infomercial as we know it today, which started with his Amber Vision sunglasses in 1987. More recently, his company sold the PedEgg, another As Seen On TV product which has sold 50 million units (in addition to other successful products like the As Seen On TV mop and the As Seen On TV hose). Anyone looking for the same level of success with their own product can pitch their idea to both Telebrands and As Seen On TV, Inc. although they only accept a few submissions each year.
shopping online without a bank account shopping online without billing address | shop online without money shopping site discount
The domain amazon.com attracted at least 615 million visitors annually by 2008.[119] Amazon attracts over 130 million customers to its US website per month by the start of 2016.[120] The company has also invested heavily on a massive amount of server capacity for its website, especially to handle the excessive traffic during the December Christmas holiday season.[121]
Amazon first entered the media industry as a major online retailer in the late ‘90s. The company began by selling CDs and DVDs to a burgeoning market of online shoppers who began turning to the internet for music and movies, before the technical feasibility of streaming and the advent of the iPod. But it wasn’t until 2005, with the initial launch of Amazon Prime, that the company began laying the ground work for a future digital media ecosystem that integrated directly into its online store.
Compare prices and availability by typing in your search, scanning a barcode or an image with your camera, or using your voice. Never miss a deal with easy access to Lightning Deals and the Deal of the Day. You can also sign-up for shipment notifications to know when your order ships and arrives. You have full access to your Shopping Cart, Wish Lists, payment and Prime shipping options, Subscribe & Save order history, and 1-Click settings, just like on the full Amazon.com site. All Amazon Shopping app purchases are routed through Amazon's secure servers to encrypt and safeguard your personal information.
This offer is valid ONLY to eligible Prime customers. To qualify, you must: (1) purchase the Amazon.com Gift Cards using the Amazon.com account to which you are currently logged in; and (2) enter promo code in the "Gift Cards & Promotional Codes" box when you check out.
Here's a special treat for Amazon Prime members: when you sign into your Amazon Prime account and buy Amazon gift cards worth at least $50, Amazon will deposit a $15 credit in your account! You'll get a notification banner in the last step of Checkout that lets you know your purchase qualified for the offer. If a promo code is requested, use this code. Don't leave free money on the table, grab this deal while it's hot! Some exclusions apply, see full instructions when clicking through.
Even so, the first infomercial of the same type we see on TV today, aired in 1982 and was for a hair growth supplement called “New Generation” which was marketed by entrepreneur Robert E. Murphy Jr. It was such a success that other companies quickly began following suit and purchasing program-length commercial air time. At this time infomercials used to commonly be shown during late night/early morning hours, although stations discovered success showing them at other times when they learned that the majority of purchases were made in the morning, during the day, and around primetime.
Any questions, concerns, requests or coffee break thoughts are welcome. Please fill out the form below and allow 1-2 business days for our response.
NOTE: Our CUPS Coffee locations do not have landline phones. Completing our contact form is truly the best way to make first contact.
Agriculture Current Affairs, Health Current Affairs, Punjab Current Affairs, States Current Affairs
After observing bad health effects, government of Punjab banes sale of Endosulfan along with other 19 insecticides from February, 2018. The ban was imposed by Punjab govt on the recommendations of Registration Committee, Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) and Punjab State Farmers’ Commission (PSFC).
As per the ban order, CM ordered the concerned officials to apply the rules strictly. The detailed guidelines have also been issued by agriculture department on CM’s directives.
Concerned departments are asked to review the licensed issued on these insecticides and ordered not to issue any new licenses in Punjab.
Along with Endosulfan, the list of insecticides which have been baned by Punjab Govt are mentioned below:
All these insecticides are not only causing bad effects on human health but, are also very harmful for environmental sustainability and economic viability aspects.
MP VYAPAM Middle School Teacher Admit Card 2018-2019 Download – Check Exam Date Call Letter for Sahayak School Teacher October 21, 2018
Bihar Panchayati Raj Syllabus Download Exam Pattern | Bihar Lekhpal Written Exam Syllabus PDF October 3, 2018
Bihar Panchayati Raj Admit Card 2018 Download – Check Exam Date for Assistant, Accountant in Panchayat Raj Department October 2, 2018
NEXT PROPHECIES will happen soon after The NOW PROPHECIES and the stage is presently being set for their fulfillment!
'TimeBomb' is your most important field guide to avoid the greatest health disaster the world has ever seen.
"Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure: for if ye do these things, ye shall never fall: For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ." (2 Peter 1:10-11, KJV)
Putin says had good conversation with Trump in Paris: Attending 100th Anniversary of Armistice / Veteran's Day
Florida's secretary of state orders recounts in Senate, gubernatorial races; Trump 'watching closely'
California's Devastating Fires Are Man-Caused: "No longer were forest management professionals clearing brush and thinning trees"
Site of Thousand Oaks Mass Shooting a Gun-Free Zone: "97.8 percent of “mass public shootings” from 1950 to 2015 occurred in gun-free zones"
Massive election fraud in Florida reveals the deep deception of Democrats… they do this in every election, too
Gov. Rick Scott files bombshell lawsuit accusing Dem Florida election officials of trying to 'steal the election'
Red Alert for the Republic: HALF of Americans just voted to destroy the country by putting socialist Democrats in charge
'Yeah... I'm insane, but the only thing you people do after these shootings is 'hopes and prayers'': Chilling final Facebook post of ex-Marine
Schools in eastern Pender County are on lockdown on reports of an active shooter at a North Carolina high school
U.S. warships conduct first East Coast advanced carrier escort training with emphasis on Russian subs
At least 11 killed in shooting at a bar in Thousand Oaks, California: Shooter confirmed dead by his own hand
"California bar shooting leaves 12 dead, including sheriff's sergeant": Crowd was Christian and Conservative!
"Former Kavanaugh colleague among group being considered to replace Sessions as AG: Janice Rogers Brown, African-American Woman"
Breaking: Antifa Mob Currently Outside Home Of Tucker Carlson - Chanting 'We know where you sleep at night" & "No USA at all!”
This Ousted Judge Just Released All the Juvenile Defendants Who Promised Him They Wouldn't Kill Anybody
MSNBC puts graphic onscreen showing Gillum winning Florida gubernatorial race — a day before the election
Democrats retake control of House, Republicans expand Senate majority as midterms leave power split in Washington
Big Labor Still All-In for Democrats: Despite membership defections in 2016, union spending still favors liberals
Israel’s GOP head -- Marc Zell -- declares election victory for Trump: "Republicans’ stronger hold on the Senate is more important than the Democratic success in flipping the House"
Trump triumphs as Oman and Brazil step up and PLO bows out: Focus on reality – not fantasy – is bearing fruit
Video -- "The Inconvenient Truth About the Democratic Party" by African-American Professor of Political Science and Law, Carol Swain, Prager University
Trump Holds Missouri Rally with Rush Limbaugh: "The deplorables are they are the greatest people on earth… they are the smartest.” -- "As medics attend to a person who collapsed at Trump rally, entire crowd began singing 'Amazing Grace'
Georgia: Armed with Assault Rifles, Black Panthers March for Democrat Gubernatorial Candidate Stacey Abrams
A picture from Obama’s past just ruined the Democrat Party: Barack posing with radical anti-Semite Louis Farrakhan In 2005
Opposition Media has blamed Pres. Trump for his rhetoric and excused their 92 percent negative coverage
Trump Reminds Barack Obama of His Lies About Health Care: 28 Times Obama Promised People They Could Keep Their Doctor and Their Health Plan
Egypt Attack On Bus Bound For Christian Copti Monastery Kills Seven: Militants linked to Islamic State have regularly targeted Christians
Winning…Big League! The Economy Created 250,000 Jobs in October, Wages Rise More Than 3% for First Time Since Recession
Joe Biden suggests union president should attack GOP Congressman @KevinCramer, ‘show him a threshold of pain.'”
Democrats and their media allies seek to silence their critics: Is it 'Hate Speech' to tell the truth?
Democrat Tester's (D-MT) campaign takes a hit after shady mailer prompts Libertarian to drop out, backs GOP candidate
Obama warns migrants from Latin America in 2014: "Do not send your children to the borders. If they do make it, they'll get sent back."
Progressives Have Arrived at Their Veruca Salt Moment: They have lost patience with American voters, showing their true colors
The Media Claims That Jewish Leaders Object To President Trump's Visit to Pittsburgh Is Fake News: Stating the exact opposite of the Feelings of Jewish leaders
Trump calls Pittsburgh synagogue attack 'evil' anti-Semitism, suggests armed guard could have curbed violence
Gillum says police have gone ‘too far’ if they need to use a weapon: Fla sheriffs reject ‘anti-cop’ candidate
Eleven members of 'Bend the Arc' — a liberal, anti-Trump Jewish political action committee financed by the son of Democrat mega-donor George Soros — said President Trump is not welcome in Pittsburgh
"The CIA inculcated the desire in these people to open fire on schoolyards and thus inflame the antigun lobby. This plan is well under way, and so far is working perfectly. The Middle class is begging the government to do away with the 2nd amendment." [Cooper, "Behold A Pale Horse", p. 225]
‘This is what Dems are afraid of’: Patriotic moment goes viral at historic summit for young, black conservative leaders
Perhaps the Upcoming Elections are Not So Much About Politics as They are About “Princes and Principalities”: America is engaged in spiritual battle for its very soul
Conference of Presidents leaders visit Pittsburgh: Shooting occurred as "80th anniversary of Kristallnacht is being commemorated"
Obama Trash Talking Trump (Again!) - "Trump is inside Obama's head, and Barack just can't handle it"
White House: The President Just Signed This Law to Isolate Hezbollah From International Banking System
A conspiracy of silence on Palestinian Arab torture: "If there ever is a Palestinian Arab state, here is a taste of what hapless Palestinian Arabs can expect"
‘Prepare for war’: China's President Xi Jinping tells military region that monitors South China Sea, Taiwan
Google Protected Executives Accused of Sexual Misconduct for Years: Even keeping an executive’s mistress on the payroll
Kansas Secretary of State and gubernatorial candidate Kris Kobach: GOP Is ‘Only Party Left’ that Wants to Stop Caravan
Marsha Blackburn (R-TN): I Will ‘Stop Illegal Immigration’; Bredesen Wants Illegal Aliens to Campaign for Him
Suspicious packages with Dems’ return address flood news: James Woods reminds us what we’re not seeing - "just like that, invasion horde disappeared from the news.”
Fact Check: Yes, Andrew Gillum Signed Radical Group’s Pledge - "police and prisons have no place in ‘justice.’
Congressional Democrats Want to Take Money from Hardworking Americans to Fund Failed Socialist Policies
Khashoggi’s body parts found, face disfigured: Discovery may provide evidence in contradiction to the Saudi version of events
Israel Aerospace wins $777 million Indian defense contract: Buying Barak 8, an advanced surface-to-air missile defense system
Conservative women are not 'gender traitors' – Don't compare us to 'sheep' because we voted for Trump
Russian officials warn of 'full chaos' if Trump pulls out of nuclear arms treaty: "Both missiles and nuclear weapons are obsolete!
COULD A MARK JUDGE LAWSUIT EXONERATE KAVANAUGH? Alleged accomplice has grounds for defamation after losing home, job
It's bad that the DOJ is investigating the Catholic Church: It's worse that the Church made that necessary
Caifornia Renews Attack On Bakery After First Case Fails: Lesbians 'stunned' they couldn't force their beliefs on business
Mexico Says There Are Up to 10,000 in the Caravan Heading for US: Cartels are definitely involved in organizing this caravan
Virginia Cops settle case over SWAT raid on innocent man: Militarized Police are a threat to all citizens
100 ISIS Terrorists Caught in Guatemala as Central American Caravan Heads to U.S.: Also authorities captured more than 1,000 gangbangers, including members MS-13
Establishment Media’s Concern for Jamal Khashoggi Is Fake News: Media ignores murder of dozens of journalists in Mexico
Video -- "The Inconvenient Truth About the Democratic Party" by African-American Professor of Political Science and Law, by Carol Swain, Prager University
Republicans are feeling increasingly confident about taking Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp’s seat in North Dakota
Beto 2020? As O'Rourke's Senate Chances Fade, His War Chest Grows: Is he considering a bigger prize?
'Missing Saudi journalist had 'bloodlust' against Israel': Was an Islamist extremist, supporter of terrorists Osama Bin Laden and Hamas
UN shifts power to ‘State of Palestine,’ enabling it to head biggest bloc of developing nations: "A bid to boost the Palestinian push for statehood"
When the Google Dream Died: A/G Sessions had already convened 14 state attorney generals to discuss censorship, privacy issues and antitrust issues
Elizabeth Warren New Leader of the #MeSioux Movement!: She is prime example as to why racial preferences should be outlawed
On brink of 'worst famine in 100 years' (Just a note: Only socialist and commuist nations have problems with food or water - NEVER free market nations!)
White male 'gun nuts' are 'biggest terrorist organization on the planet': Tennessee Dem supporter to Bredesen wrote online
Democrats Advised Not to Speak About Unpopular Open Borders Policies: ‘It Is Very Difficult to Win on Immigration’
Beto is as Phony as Barack: While Beto has more money and much better press coverage than Cruz, he is still losing in the polls
It Gets Better… Average White American Has DOUBLE THE AMOUNT of Native American DNA as Elizabeth Warren
Candace Owens: Democrats aren’t the party of women -- they’re the party of exploiting them for political gain
Ben Shapiro: Midterms won't be walk in the park for Dems -- Will the November elections be another disaster for Democrats?
Trump envoy Greenblatt calls for unifying Gaza-Palestinian Authority, but plan may be dead in the water
Trump could be the most honest president in modern history: “For better or worse, since taking office Trump has done exactly what he promised he would do”
Illinois Democrat Candidate for Congress Under Fire for Freeing Child Sex Abuser as State’s Attorney
Closing in on Clinton-Justice Russia collusion conspiracy as Fusion co-Founder middleman pleads the Fifth
Trump's remarks on Lee, Grant spur debate over media coverage: 'NBC pretends that Trump is praising the Confederacy #FakeNews'
Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked says now is the best time to annex Area C of Judea and Samaria: While Trump is president
Russia Moves Elite Special Forces Into Libya: "Moscow’s best weapons systems including the S-300 air defense system and Kalibr anti-ship missiles"
Trump narrows shortlist to replace UN ambassador Nikki Haley to five, after Ivanka bows out of consideration
The Best of Nikki Haley – “We’ll be taking names” - "Most days at the UN, she was the only man in the room"
"It is an abomination to kings to commit wickedness: for the throne is established by righteousness." (Proverbs 16:12, KJV)
REAL Collusion: Democrat lawyers met with FBI to share notes on Russia allegations before FISA warrant was issued
HUGE! Christine Ford Published 2008 Article on Self-Hypnosis Used to Retrieve and “Create Artificial Situations”
Parents of Teen Boy Falsely Accused of Sexual Assault Sue Five ‘Mean Girl’ Accusers: "Affirming that all “victims” of sexual assault are not necessarily telling the truth"
Liberal Democrat Senator Chris Dodd (D-CT) Suggest Kavanaugh Nomination Will Result In Women Being Put In Jail For Abortion
Kavanaugh Boomerang #2: Fanatical Dems will drive away voters with over-the-top reaction from now to Nov. 6
Al Sharpton After Collins’ Kavanaugh Announcement: Trump Supporters Are Like People Who Attended Lynchings After Church
Typhus reaches 'epidemic levels' in parts of Los Angeles area: True culprit is inhumane condition in which the county's expanding homeless population lives
Judicial Watch: New Documents Show State Department and USAID Working with Soros Group to Channel Money to ‘Mercenary Army’ of Far-Left Activists
Georgetown female professor removed from classes after wishing 'miserable deaths' and castration on GOP senators
Forbes magazine owner Steve Forbes painted a bleak picture of America if Democrats regain control of the House and Senate in these November midterm elections
Verizon's severance offer goes to about 44,000 employees: Also, Indian outsourcing giant Infosys as part of a $700 million outsourcing agreement
Soon-to-be first Muslim congresswoman arrested at rally in Detroit: "Angry Marxists posing as Democrats"
Ex-boyfriend of one Kavanaugh accuser speaks out, casting doubt on her stability: McConnell vows final Kavanaugh vote this week
U.S. and Canada Reach Basis of Deal to Replace NAFTA Hours Before U.S.-Mexico Deadline: While people were fixed on Kavanaugh Issue
Outside counsel for Ford hearing says no 'reasonable prosecutor' would bring charges against Kavanaugh
Third Kavanaugh accuser has extensive legal history: Ex-employer accused her of falsifying her college and work history on her job application
#WalkAway Becomes #MarchAway: Moderate to conservative Democrats, the so-called “Blue Dog” Democrats (“Trumpocrats”), are leaving the Democrat Party in droves
Russia says S-300 air defense system already delivered to Syria: Despite strong Israeli and U.S objections
The Miracle of the Sun occurred October 13, 1917, witnessed by many thousands of people: SATAN'S TRIAL RUN PREPARING TO STAGE APPEARANCE OF ANTICHRIST!
Film is explosive as it contains never before seen photographs from the 1917 events in Fatima, Portugal
"The vehicle by which Jesus will establish His Kingdom is not the Church; but rather, the Nation of Israel."
7pm to 8pm on Wednesday, June 17th. Please try to join a few minutes early so that we can start right on time.
We invited EVERYONE to join us for this meeting, not just the voting board members. Let's have everyone come and share their updates and say, "Hello!"
All audio will be through the conference call number, only webcams and any notes/agenda will be shared through the Adobe Connect room.
Kat Connors was 17 years old, a housewife, who seem completely lost, Eve, 1988. After living in the house for so long suppressed emotions, he almost certainly did not register in the absence of the mother and the pleasure of the fault of lazy father, Brock, for the loss. But in course of time, I began to understand the depth of his feelings, you, Kat, how Eves damage. In the college of the house returned from his works, he found himself confronted with the denial of the truth of these matters, he, and his mother’s departure, and about …
Economic activity flourishes when consumers can trust producers, but the consumer must have grounds for trust. Consumers value, then, not only quality and safety, but also the assurance of quality and safety. Trust depends on assurance.
generate numerous forms of assurance. While it may be impossible to verify the quality of prospective transactions, you can often verify that of past transactions. Reports circulate in various forms—from informal gossip to carefully tended data banks and evaluations—generating a producer’s reputation. “Reputation” may be defined as the relevant current opinion of the producer’s trustworthiness.
Producers gain by providing assurance, so they seek to build, expand, and project a good reputation. They create and display brand names, logos, and trademarks, umbrellas under which their transactions are grouped in the minds of consumers. They manage the extent and scope of their services to generate the repetition and pattern of dealings that give their name and reputation cogency. Once established, a good reputation can be extended to other lines of service where trust had previously been limited. Gasoline suppliers, for example, built brand names so motorists would trust the product at roadside filling stations, and then extended the trusted name to automotive services. Conversely, a producer’s failings or misdeeds damage his reputation and induce consumers to shun him.
For services such as medical therapies or divorces, in which consumers and producers interact perhaps only very infrequently, the grounds for repeat dealings are thin. The demand for assurance in these cases creates opportunities for middlemen to emerge, to serve as a bridge of trust between the consumer and the producer. Consumers, for example, do not buy pharmaceuticals directly from Pfizer or Merck, but rather from established retailers. The local drug store has extended dealings with both the consumer and the producer. Also, the middleman shares some of the producer’s expertise and, to some extent, serves as the consumer’s knowledgeable agent. A nexus then links the parties. To the consumer, the middleman is a friend, and the manufacturer is thus like a friend of a friend. One of the important functions of all retailers, hospitals, clinics, dealers, brokers, and firms is to generate the reputational nexus that brings assurance to parties who would otherwise meet only infrequently or in isolation.
Producers typically put on their best face and will tend to conceal their failings, and this creates opportunities for a parallel industry of record-keeping, evaluation, and certification. These third-party practitioners range from neighborhood mavens to industry inspectors to product raters to medical schools. In any of these varieties, the agent may be called a “knower.” Knowers have some knowledge that the consumer values but does not have. (Some use the term “certifier,” but that term is too narrow.)
Sometimes, the consumer pays knowers for reporting on producers. Consumers pay Consumers Union for its magazine, Consumer Reports; patients pay doctors to recommend drugs; employers pay agencies to screen prospective employees; employees pay agencies to screen prospective employers; and home hunters pay agents and inspectors to evaluate properties.
Other times, the producers pay knowers. Electronics manufacturers pay Underwriters’ Laboratories to evaluate the safety of their products; corporations and governments pay Moody’s or Standard and Poor’s to evaluate the securities they issue; corporations pay accounting firms to conduct an audit; kosher foods manufacturers pay Orthodox Union to certify their preparations; and students pay universities, institutes, and training programs to certify their abilities.
In all such cases, the producer applies to the knower and hopes to receive a certification or seal of approval that he can broadcast to prospective consumers. Word of his trustworthiness may freely flow to anyone. Consumers (or their savvy agents and middlemen) recognize such seals of approval and gain assurance of trustworthiness. The knowers, after a fashion, rent out their own good reputation to producers and have a strong incentive to do so responsibly; if they do not, other knowers may displace them. In the assurance-producing industry, as in any industry, free competition works well.
Producers demonstrate quality and safety and make the content of promises clear and publicly understood by such means as advertisements, displays, sales assistance, labeling and packaging, and try-out periods.
Traders restructure the relationship to reserve for the consumer an advantage held until the end of the relationship, by such means as warranties, guarantees, return policies, security deposits, and simply withheld payment.
Consumers and their agents test and monitor producers and third-party knowers using unannounced inspections, decoys, undercover operatives, investigations, and second opinions.
The failings of a producer are exposed by rival producers in competitive advertising, product comparisons, and contests.
By making visible investments that would be profitable only for a high-quality product, producers signal quality by advertising, obtaining accreditations, and making long-term investments in design, facilities, and so on.
The Internet is vastly expanding all forms of information exchange and reputation building. Critics regularly fault e-commerce for failings in privacy, security, or trust, but the pattern has been for each trouble to be fleeting. Almost as fast as the troubles emerge, entrepreneurs invent e-solutions, usually taking the form of a middleman (such as PayPal, Amazon, and eBay) service or a knower service (such as TrustE, BBBOnline, and Verisign).
On top of all these creative efforts, there is tort law and contract law, which work on the principle of allow-and-respond. That is, we are free to enter into transactions, but once authorities determine some kind of tort or undue hazard, the activity responsible is curtailed or the damages are redressed. When a surgeon cuts into the wrong organ, he is liable for damages. A quack who persists in defrauding consumers may face a court injunction on his products or services. The late political scientist Aaron Wildavsky argued that the allow-and-respond approach provides for open-ended creative developments, self-correction, and resilience.
Another form of consumer protection is government regulation. For example, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) calls itself “the world’s premier consumer protection regulatory agency.” Other examples of consumer protection by regulation are occupational licensing, housing codes, the Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
These kinds of protections generally involve restrictions on freedom of producers to sell goods or services that the government has not certified. Here the principle is banned-until-permitted. The main problem with such restrictions is that, by reducing the range of choices available to consumers, they make consumers worse off. Even if some of the goods and services would have been “rip-offs,” the vast majority of suppressed goods and services would have fulfilled the consumer’s expectations. The case of suppression best documented by economists is the FDA’s suppression of drug development and information, but economists have shed light on many other cases of suppression, such as those from licensing restrictions.
Thus, the regulations impose costs. The question is: Do they deliver benefits that redeem those costs? To assess the benefits of consumer protection laws, we need to understand how well protection is (or would be) supplied absent the governmental “protections.”
In his 1962 classic, Capitalism and Freedom, Milton Friedman posed a fundamental challenge to occupational licensing. His challenge still stands, and, indeed, applies to all the banned-until-permitted-type regulations: even if you believe that information and assurance are, for whatever reason, inadequately supplied, that might justify, at most, a government effort to supply the missing information. Instead of occupational licensing, Friedman preferred a governmental system by which practitioners could earn state certification in the occupation, but were left free to practice and market their services even if they chose not to be state certified. Consumers would be able to choose from a free, legitimate market of plumbers, electricians, barbers, and doctors, both state certified and noncertified. Likewise, the FDA could offer safety and efficacy certification services; manufacturers could seek FDA certification if they so desired, but would be left free to produce and market the product without FDA certification. This would free consumers and their agents and knowers (doctors and pharmacists) to choose a certified or noncertified drug. Friedman, in other words, said that the supposed deficiencies could justify, at most, only governmental certification services analogous to those of Underwriters’ Laboratories—that is, without compulsion. This approach would allow for competing forms of assurance; it would not lock in or privilege the governmental form. Despite the fact that Friedman’s basic challenge has often been posed over the last forty-five years, to my knowledge no one has ever offered a counterargument, much less a persuasive counterargument.
Daniel B. Klein is professor of economics at George Mason University and an associate fellow at the Ratio Institute, Stockholm, Sweden. He is the editor of Reputation: Studies in the Voluntary Elicitation of Good Conduct (University of Michigan Press, 1997). With Alex Tabarrok, he has applied ideas about voluntary consumer protection to issues involving the Food and Drug Administration. Klein is also editor of the online scholarly economics journal Econ Journal Watch.
Calkins, Earnest Elmo. Business the Civilizer. Boston: Little, Brown, 1928. An advertising executive’s earnest and highly instructive account of how businesses succeed by ensuring quality and safety.
Smith, Adam. “The Influence of Commerce on the Manners of a People.” 1776. In R. L. Meek, D. D. Raphael, and P. G. Stein, eds., Lectures on Jurisprudence. New York: Oxford University Press, 1982.
Ippolito, Pauline M., and Janis K. Pappalardo. Advertising Nutrition and Health: Evidence from Food Advertising, 1977–1997. Bureau of Economics Staff Report. Washington, D.C.: U.S. Federal Trade Commission, 2002. A good empirical analysis of whether and how manufacturers furnish quality information to consumers.
Wildavsky, Aaron. Searching for Safety. New Brunswick, N.J.: Transaction Publishers, 1988. An analysis of “anticipation” (banned-until-permitted approaches) versus “resilience” (allow-and-respond approaches).
The article you’re reading is part of Econlib’s Government Policy collection. Explore other Government Policy articles:
Economy Carpets offers FREE in-home measurements. We will measure your space to determine accurate material quantities and to eliminate waste. Please contact us for assistance.
Our designers work with you to create a space that expresses your taste and lifestyle. On everything from flooring and cabinet recommendations to window treatments and colors, our goal is to help make your house a uniquely beautiful home. Please contact us to set up a design consultation.
Italian Prime Minister has set the date for the constitutional referendum as late as practically ...
The phenomenal increase in population in the cities is one of the main reasons for poverty in the urban areas of India. A major portion of this additional population is due to the large scale migration of rural families from villages to cities. This migration is mainly attributed to poor employment opportunities in villages.
Since 1970, the Indian government has implemented a number of programs designed to eradicate poverty, and has had some success with these programs. The government has sought to increase the GDP through different processes, including changes in industrial policies. There is a Public Distribution System, which has been effective to some extent. Other programs include the Integrated Rural Development Program, Jawahar Rozgar Yojana and the Training Rural Youth for Self Employment (TRYSEM), and other on-going initiatives.
Chancellor of the Exchequer of the United Kingdom from 1992 to 2007. Prime Minister of the UK between 2007 and 2010. Inaugural 'Distinguished Leader in Residence' at New York University. Advisor at World Economic Forum
Senior Associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and a finance professor at Peking University’s Guanghua School of Management.
Dr Steinbock is an internationally recognized expert of the multipolar world. He focuses on international business, international relations, investment and risk among all major advanced economies and large emerging economies. In addition to advisory activities (www.differencegroup.net), he is affiliated with India China and America Institute (USA), Shanghai Institutes for International Studies (China) and EU Center (Singapore). For more, please see http://www.differencegroup.net/. Research Director of International Business at India China and America Institute (USA) and Visiting Fellow at Shanghai Institutes for International Studies (China) and the EU Center (Singapore).
Asia Pathways is a blog of the Asian Development Bank Institute (ADBI). ADBI welcomes contributions to Asia Pathways. Information on how to contribute to the blog is available at our guidelines for authors.
Located in Tokyo, Japan, ADBI is the think tank of the Asian Development Bank. Its mission is to identify effective development strategies and improve development management in ADB's developing members countries. ADBI has an extensive network of partners in the Asia and Pacific region and beyond. ADBI's activities are guided by its three strategic priority themes of inclusive and sustainable growth, regional cooperation and integration, and governance for policies and institutions.
Got something to say about the economy? We want to hear from you. Submit your article contributions and participate in the world's largest independent online economics community today!
Nous initions et portons des projets entrepreneuriaux s’inscrivant dans la transition écologique de l’économie.
One of the most essential prerequisites for having a successful Internet presence is the domain. It is what visitors will notice first when they discover your website and what they will link you with. The domain name should be easy to remember, but should also be something that notifies your web page's visitors what the site is about.
A domain name typically is composed of 2 constituents - a Top-Level Domain (TLD) and a Second-Level Domain Name (SLD). If you have domain.com, for instance, ".com" is the Top-Level Domain and "domain" is the Second-Level Domain Name. There are a few sets of Top-Level Domain Names that you should contemplate before you select the domain you desire. Your choice should depend on the intention of your web page and on its target spectators. Let's analyze the gTLDs, or generic TLDs - these are the most common Top-Level Domain Names intended to show a particular purpose - .com (commercial organizations), .net (network infrastructures), .biz (firms), .info (informational sites), .org (organizations of a non-commercial character), .mobi (handheld devices), .asia (the Asia Pacific region), .name (persons or families), .pro (specific walks of life), etc. As you can see, these TLDs encompass most realms of life, so you should go for the one that would denote the purpose of your site best. There is no restriction as to who can register such domain names, but some of them include additional steps to confirm that you qualify to own such a domain (.mobi and .pro, for instance).
The ccTLDs, or country-code Top-Level Domain Names, are country-specific domain names. Each country has its own ccTLD. Settling on such a domain name is good if your target group of web site visitors is from a given country. Many folks would want to buy commodities or services from a local site, and if your goal is Canada, for instance, picking a .ca Top-Level Domain Name could boost the visits to your web page.
You can register several TLDs, which can redirect your site's visitors to a particular website like domain.com, for example. This would boost the traffic and reduce the probability of someone snatching your visitors by using the same SLD with another Top-Level Domain Name - if you are not utilizing a trademark.
Every domain has domain records. The name server records (NS records, a.k.a. DNS records) indicate where the domain name is hosted, in other words they point to the web hosting provider whose name servers (NSs, also known as DNSs) it is utilizing at present. You can replace the NSs of your domain at any time. You can have your domain name registered with one company and get the web hosting service itself from another. Therefore, if you register your domain name and stumble upon good website hosting plans somewhere else at a later time, you can point your domain name to the present company's NSs instantaneously.
In general, as long as your domain name uses a specific set of name servers, all its domain records will lead to the same hosting supplier. Some webspace hosting firms, though, allow you to edit certain domain name server records, like the A records and the MX records of your domain name. The A record is an Internet Protocol address, which demonstrates on which web hosting server your web page is situated, while the MX records demonstrate which web server tackles the mail addresses related to your domain name. For example, if you engage a new web page designer and he creates an .ASP web site that will be hosted on his personal Windows server, you may wish to edit only the IP address (the A record) but not the MX records of your domain name. Hence, www.domain.com will direct to the Windows web hosting server, but your email mailbox accounts or any sub-domain names such as forum.domain.com or shop.domain.com will still be in your present Linux web site hosting account. The .ASP environment is created by Microsoft and demands a Windows web hosting server, even though a Linux web hosting server would be far more stable.
Only a number of web hosting suppliers enable you to edit specific records and very frequently this an additional paid service. With Hosting River , you get a big array of TLDs to pick from and you can modify all domain name records or forward the domain names through a redirection tool at no extra charge. That is why, 'Hosting River' would be your best pick when it comes to handling your domain and to establishing a successful presence on the web.
4. Does any other person/entity receive a copy of the Auditor General’s report? | Auditor General's Department
Yes; the Auditee and the Minister of Government to whom responsibility for the entity has been assigned.
leiamais.info | Disclaimer: This site does not store any files on its server. All contents are provided by non-affiliated third parties.
Now this one I had fun with lol…I was stuck on what to pick but I took inspiration from Christine from our class. I created a souncloud account and then searched for a funny audio clip from one of my favorite movies. The assignment from ds106 is here and I think most of you should figure it out! Hope you all enjoy the link below to the clip!! By the way,,,thanks Christine!!
I watched a video entitled, “A vision of students today” and I was so saddened to see what was going on in the video. A quote that stood out to me that was probably written on the wall by a bored college student:
Imagine, that’s how tortured and bored college students are in class and how they suffer alongside not learning and learning in a way thats different and approachable to them.
This video really stood out to me in so many ways. I was hooked from started to finish and this video speaks the truth about those in debt after graduation, those are not 100 percent certain if they will have a job in the future, those students who are there with their laptop in class but don’t even pay attention because they are on Facebook majority of the time.
The video showed me the boredom these college students endure. Most of them are there and payed for their course but they are not really fully PRESENT there. They sit there probably because they are told that college is a great thing and that if you don’t have ab Bachelor of Arts degree after approxiamately four years you are nothing. That is not how we should be taught and our mindset in society is so different nowadays that it is totally different.
I personally feel that this video has enlightened me and proved to me that we are all feeling the same yet different about college and our degrees and our future endeavors in life. I hope one day our mindset changes and we are not left hostage as prisoners in our society. I hope that one day debt wouldn’t exist and that education could be afforable for every single person. I hope for many things but it would take more than an army to get to where I feel society should be.
TECHNOLOGY, TECHNOLOGY, TECHNOLOGY!!!! That’s what I feel would really help society and I think that others would agree with me on this one. Technology helps people come together and also sets them apart. However, it really is something that I can personally say helped me to learn a lot about the world and how to use different programs that I have never used in my life like Sound Cloud and even Youtube and Flickr. These programs have really opened my mind to something brand new and showed me that as a future educator, I can incorporate the use of technology heavily into my teaching so not only can I make it fun but I can feel that the students would want to use it and enjoy it because, I was once an elementary student and now I’m on the road to becoming something which is my life-long dream and I don’t want to mess it up. I want my teaching as a teacher to be fun and joyful and I feel that by incorporating 100 percent personality, a dash of sarcasm and playfulness and a load of technology, the recipe for future success will be fantastic.
This is the video that got my head spinning and thinking so many things. It’s so addictivee. You will keep watching because, its the honest truth and many can relate to things that have happened. I’m glad that there is a video that enlightens everyone and talks about taboos that many are afraid to discuss.
One day I hope college students are happy and genuinely they are happy and they look something like this:
Posted in Edupunk(ed)	| Tagged anxiety, boredom, education, edupunked, increases in tuition, no life, saddened, school, tired
Syngene is a biotech company offering a wide range of equipment for instant gel documentation, automated chemiluminescence imaging and TLC plate reading.
Probiogen is a renowned Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) and technology provider, mainly focusing on cell line engineering, process development and GMP manufacturing of biopharmaceuticals.
CEVEC aims to become the leading independent player for human cell line based clinical materials. CEVEC offers the human amniocyte based protein expression platform CAP for the transient and stable production of biopharmaceuticals.
Posted in Biotech Companies, Biotech Companies Germany	| Tagged amniocyte, amniocyte based protein expression, amniocyte protein expression, Aristotelis Nastos, authentic post-translational modifications, authentic sialylation, CAP, CEVEC, CEVEC - human cells for human pharmaceuticals, CEVEC Amniocyte Production, CEVEC's Amniocyte Production, cGMP compliant Contract Manufacturing Services, Christian Leikert, Frank Ubags, glycoprotein, glycoproteins, Glycosylation, Hartmut Tintrup, human amniocyte, human amniocyte based protein expression, human amniocyte based protein expression platform, human amniocyte based protein expression platform CAP, human amniocytes, human cell line based clinical material, human cell line based clinical materials, human cell-based expression system, human cell-based expression systems, human cells, human cells for human pharmaceuticals, human cells human pharmaceuticals, human pharmaceuticals, Joachim Rautter, Klaus Zimmermann, master cell bank, MCB, Nicole Faust, original human glycosylation, primary human amniocyte, primary human amniocytes, production complex human therapeutic protein, production complex human therapeutic proteins, protein expression, PTM, Rainer Christine, serum-free suspension culture, sialylation, Stefan Kochanek, Wolfgang Kintzel
This entry was posted on Saturday, February 21st, 2009 at 2:40 pm	and is filed under Code. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Have you enjoyed reading our blog? click here to visit our website and find out how we can help you! · Archive
Are you a business owner or an entrepreneur? There is a difference between the two. It's all down to risk I believe, as simply owning a business doesn't qualify you to be an entrepreneur ...
Now, being a business owner shouldn't be seen as 'second place' though, as it takes a lot of skill to make a business work long-term; especially if it's just you because you have to wear many hats and be sales, production and administration all at the same time.
They've been working in their industry for many years and, at some point, realised they could offer their services independently of their employers.
Yes, there's still a risk (there always is when you're in business), but as long as the business owner works hard and perseveres at it, then they are going to find success long-term.
They see a gap in the market, and find a way to fill it with products or services they believe customers want. They hire the people they need, they outsource as much as possible to specialists and they look to setup the business in such a way it can run itself and they can be onto the next idea, then the next.
There is a lot more risk working this way. Richard Branson is the perfect example of an entrepreneur. He's started many businesses over the years, some worked and some didn't, but the one's that did worked well and made him a lot of money that he could invest into subsequent ideas.
Although they're still out there, the idea of entrepreneur selling dodgy goods from the back of a van or declaring that "this time next year, we'll be millionaires" seem to be over. Many young entrepreneurs are becoming more attuned to society and want what they do to benefit others.
They set up social enterprises which contribute to their local communities, they work with councils and the public sector to address the issues of particular types of people and they get a mix of ideas up and running so they'll always be interested in what they do.
But there is still a common thread with these young entrepreneurs: they take the risk on an idea and on people, they outsource as much as possible to specialists and they know when something isn't working so change it, or move on.
And this is where people like The Office Genie come in. We love to work with business owners and entrepreneurs alike. Whatever you consider yourself to be, outsourcing your call handling and some of your administrative tasks to a virtual assistant is always a great idea.
To see how The Office Genie can sprinkle a little bit of magic into your business world, call us on 01604 529170 or click here to ping me an email and let's see how we can help.
And if you want to read more about us, click here to visit our website to learn how we've already helped hundreds of business owners and entrepreneurs, just like you.
I had a successful 20-year career as an office manager and personal assistant; however, my job was no longer focused on the customers and became all about the numbers. My customer-focused background began when I was 12 in my father's independent carpet showroom. I had a spell with Marks & Spencer before I moved into office-based jobs. I have worked as a training administrator, a PA and PA/office manager in a variety of industries from manufacturing to the IT education sector.
Meanwhile, my husband Ian, a successful Northampton based Master Decorator and owner of Rainbow Frost, was losing out on work due to missed phone calls. When he was busy, callers were getting his voicemail but weren't leaving messages. I knew how to fix that problem!
I quit my job and took on Ian as the first client of The Office Genie in November 2005. Word quickly spread with the second client coming on board just one week later. The majority of our clients since have come to us through word of mouth recommendations and networking referrals. Over the years, I have become well connected in Northampton and Milton Keynes.
no unauthorised use, duplication, distribution or modification to any original content contained within this website is permitted without prior written permission of the author. All other trademarks and registered names are acknowledged. In accordance with the EU Cookie Law this website only uses a session cookie for essential functionality. We do not use any cookies that personally identify you.
This entry was posted on Tuesday, September 1st, 2009 at 01:04 am and is filed under Fan Club.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Since I discovered Rosebud my purse is so much lighter. This gorgeous tin is all I need in sun and snow to keep my lips soft and supple with a slick of shine.
love the mocha rose lipbalm – all i need to carry around with me. its the perfect shade of pink and it keeps my lips soft. love it, love it.
Instead of giving glory to God for his mercy, some decided to give credit to abortion which started approximately 18 years before the drop in crime.
What happened to the great abortion solution? It's not as if abortion suddenly stopped 18 years ago to cause this spike.
Now I beg you, brethren, through the Lord Jesus Christ, and through the love of the Spirit, that you strive together with me in prayers to God for me, that I may be delivered from those in Judea who do not believe, and that my service for Jerusalem may be acceptable to the saints, that I may come to you with joy by the will of God, and may be refreshed together with you. Now the God of peace be with you all. Amen.
Warning! App998.com has expired. If this is your domain name you must renew it immediately before it is deleted and permanently removed from your account. To renew this domain name visit http://www.NameBright.com
The APPG on Migration is today publishing an expert briefing on the situation affecting members of the Windrush generation. It explains the legal history that has led to the current controversy, and comments on some of the proposed solutions.
The briefing has been written by Alexander Finch of Fragomen LLP. We are most grateful to Alexander for allowing us to publish it here.
On 11 July 2018 the APPG on Gypsies, Travellers and Roma (GTR) and the APPG on Migration held a discussion event to explore the likely impacts of Brexit on Roma communities in the UK. The event brought together parliamentarians, civil society...
The All-Party Parliamentary Group on Migration held its Annual General Meeting (AGM) on Wednesday 5 September 2018. The groups was successfully reconstituted, with Kate Green MP (Labour) and Lord Teverson (Liberal Democrat) elected as co-chairs...
The All-Party Parliamentary Group on Migration will hold its Annual General Meeting (AGM) on Wednesday 5 September 2018. The AGM will reconstitute the group and agree its key officers. It will also be an opportunity to discuss future work plans. The...
ENG: I have seen my fair share of pallet projects but never met one made into curtains before. This blinds idea looks kind of cool. Wonder how smooth this is in reality. How to is here.
Wow a Blast from the past. We found this certificate in a how to sell on eBay book we bought in 2003. I would say this is from 03 or 04. It was a pretty big deal for a salvage yard to have 750 feedback. It’s reminicent of the easier times on eBay, lower fees, negative feedback for buyers and a system that kick started businesses and lives for a lot of people. It’s more of a “fighting to survive” atmosphere for sellers now but we’ll always have those fond memories of the past…
Archives Select Month November 2018 (13) October 2018 (29) September 2018 (41) August 2018 (50) July 2018 (58) June 2018 (46) May 2018 (49) April 2018 (37) March 2018 (37) February 2018 (50) January 2018 (47) December 2017 (39) November 2017 (54) October 2017 (29) September 2017 (43) August 2017 (47) July 2017 (43) June 2017 (42) May 2017 (46) April 2017 (35) March 2017 (42) February 2017 (38) January 2017 (35) December 2016 (51) November 2016 (43) October 2016 (25) September 2016 (55) August 2016 (36) July 2016 (34) June 2016 (38) May 2016 (31) April 2016 (28) March 2016 (21) February 2016 (19) January 2016 (28) December 2015 (56) November 2015 (38) October 2015 (54) September 2015 (32) August 2015 (14) July 2015 (4) June 2015 (15) May 2015 (55) April 2015 (27) March 2015 (47) February 2015 (25) January 2015 (37) December 2014 (52) November 2014 (35) October 2014 (24) September 2014 (36) August 2014 (60) July 2014 (35) June 2014 (35) May 2014 (53) April 2014 (38) March 2014 (22) February 2014 (24) January 2014 (47) December 2013 (35) November 2013 (19) October 2013 (39) September 2013 (49) August 2013 (28) July 2013 (44) June 2013 (12) May 2013 (46) April 2013 (51) March 2013 (94) February 2013 (82) January 2013 (123) December 2012 (81) November 2012 (108) October 2012 (103) September 2012 (67) August 2012 (44) July 2012 (47) June 2012 (38) May 2012 (42) April 2012 (30) March 2012 (58) February 2012 (55) January 2012 (47) December 2011 (60) November 2011 (81) October 2011 (86) September 2011 (35) August 2011 (53) July 2011 (41) June 2011 (52) May 2011 (51) April 2011 (72) March 2011 (54) February 2011 (56) January 2011 (52) December 2010 (44) November 2010 (79) October 2010 (62) September 2010 (41) August 2010 (91) June 2010 (18) May 2010 (1)
We’ve been in business since 1985 and have grown into one of the internet’s leading used parts sellers. We’re a privately owned brick and mortar business that strives to make our loyal local and internet customers happy at every step of the transaction.
Welcome to our Archives page. On this page you will find totaly 2 of our articles broken down into Months and Years.
Last Wednesday the Economic Research Council, a think tank which promotes education in and debate around economics, had its first talk of 2017 ...	read more..
The conflict between President-Elect Donald Trump and the Western intelligence community is a struggle over the right conduct of international relations. ...	read more..
DISCLAIMER: These commentaries and analyses are the independent opinions of TPPR and any named guest writers. They are in no way to be construed as the opinions of any client, associate or individual who is not named as a contributor.
Sister agency PendryWhite has introduced a new add-on audience engagement service for clients. Called Engage! it presents similar website data to those available through other web analytics tools but in a much more digestible and user friendly visual form.
The service is designed to provide more insight for clients who want to get a direct feel of how people are using their websites. It can handle specific campaigns and is particularly useful for tracking third party interest
Engage! is available as an add-on for PendryWhite and TPPR clients through a website or microsite that PendryWhite manages. It is not a replacement for Google Analytics, Google Webmaster or any other web analytics tool – all of which crunch data differently and have their own strengths.
But at the strategic level, it does help the general manager, adviser or executive to see what is happening with their web site in real time, presenting top line data in a more user-friendly and insightful way.
It is only available to clients and cannot be purchased separately as a stand-alone service. Campaigns are an add-on and are individually priced. The service is another part of PendryWhite's growing integrated issues and campaign management toolbox.
Amanuensis: A person employed to write what another dictates or to copy what has been written by another.
I continue my project to transcribe family letters, journals, newspaper articles, audiotapes, and other historical artifacts. Not only do the documents contain genealogical information, the words breathe life into kin - some I never met - others I see a time in their life before I knew them.
I began this project back in February of 2009, and since then, many others have joined in on the meme. Why do we transcribe? I provide my three reasons in the linked post. You may find others. If you participate, feel free to leave a link to your post in the comments.
This week, I look at an article that appeared in the March 19, 1915 edition of the St. Louis Jewish Voice. It is a reprint of an article that appeared the prior week in The St. Louis Republic. The article provides both an history of the congregation up to that point, and a description of the then-current synagogue. My grandmother, Belle (Feinstein) Newmark was born in 1914, and grew up in the congregation. She remembered moving in the 1920s to the location on Skinker Blvd which now houses the Missouri History Museum Library and Research Center. That's the location I grew up in, and I remember the move in the 1980s to the current location.
In the “Republic” of last Monday, Betty Boyd, well known special newspaper writer, had the following interesting bit of local Jewish History which thinking some of our readers might have overlooked it, we here reproduce; not feeling inclined, however, to endorse its historic authenticity in all its parts.
United Hebrew Temple, at Kingshighway and Von Versen avenue, houses the oldest Jewish congregation in St. Louis, or, for that matter, in the entire Mississippi Valley. Upon the cornerstone of the temple is the date, 1837, when its organization was effected at the home of H.M. Marx, who lived on Locust street between Third and Fourth. A. Wiegel was elected first president of the congregation at that meeting.
Although the congregation was organized in the district then known as “uptown,” the first services were held down in Frenchtown, in a house on Carondelet avenue. For ten years the congregation occupied the Carondelet avenue quarters; in 1814(*) it removed to a brick residence on Fifth street, between Washington avenue and Green street, just south of the present Union market. The first permanent home owned by the society was built on Sixth between Locust and St. Charles. The lot on which the synagogue was built was acquired from Judge W. Beirne for $6240. The building was consecrated in June of 1859 by Rev. D. Raphael of New York. For twenty years the United Hebrew worshiped there, till 1880, when the property was sold most advantageously and a new temple erected on the corner of Twenty-first and Olive streets. Another score of years passed, during which the congregation occupied the Olive street building, which is still standing. Then, conditions changing, it became imperative that a new location be secured. The corner of Von Versen avenue and Kingshighway was selected and there was erected the present temple, which I visited yesterday.
United Hebrew Synagogue is a quaint, low, rambling structure of cut stone. It comprises an auditorium and an institutional building adjoining, with entrances on Von Versen avenue. Were it not for the tabernacle one might very easily fancy himself in an entertainment hall, rather than a house of worship, when one enters the auditorium. The floor inclines noticeably towards the front and the seats are not of the universally accepted pew design, but comfortable opera chairs, all complete with folding seats and wire hat rack beneath. There is little of ornamentation in the temple. To the right of the main entrance is placed a tablet to Samuel Bienestock, who departed this life May 5, 1887, and to the other side is a marble memorial to Rabbi Henry J. Messing, who served the temple faithfully and zealously for thirty-three years from 1878 to 1911. Only one window bears an inscription. It is the large east window at the front of the building, which is dedicated to the memory of Isaac and Hannah Russack.
The only decorations are the handsome prismatic chandeliers, whose thousands of crystalline pendants had doubtless hung of old in the Temple on Olive street. The Sabbath morning services were most interesting. It was the anniversary of the natal day of Rabbi Henry Messing; Mrs. Benjamin Roman and Mrs. Lawrence May of Havana had remembered the anniversary and sent flowers in profusion in commemoration of their old and beloved pastor. The children of the congregation figured most conspicuously in the services. The front pews of the temple were filled with bright boys and girls coming from Sabbath school to attend the morning services of their elders.
(*) This date was likely a typo, either on Betty Boyd’s part, or on the part of The Jewish Voice in reprinting the article. 1847 may have been intended, since that would have been ten years after the 1837 date given prior. 1841 is another possibility, as that is the year given by the congregation today for adopting their first constitution.
1) I found this article while I was searching for the obituary for my second great grandfather, Selig Feinstein. Selig was Orthodox, and United Hebrew by that time had joined the Reform movement. My great grandparents Herman Feinstein and Annie Blatt were married by the local Chief Orthodox Rabbi. I'm not sure whether Herman and Annie joined United Hebrew after their marriage, or whether Annie was a member prior.
2) I have previously transcribed a newspaper article on the cornerstone ceremony for the synagogue built in 1880.
Generic Disclosure: I receive no money or gifts from any corporate entity for what I write on this site.
Drop by with your resume and have it critiqued by career staff. Be prepared for the Job & Internship Fair. Treats served. Located in the Christensen Center Lobby.
Come and learn how you can earn a teaching license in special education with a focus on teaching the American Indian child. The program uses an online format with the possibility of adding four additional courses to earn a Master of Arts in Education.
The spring 2012 Sabo Center Symposium featured two Minnesota task force members in a discussion about how to spend $100 million on racial integration programs in the metro area public schools. Peter A. Swenson and Scott Thomas were the co-chairs of the task force who spoke at Augsburg's Sabo Symposium.
Their discussion was moderated by educational leaders Bill Green, Augsburg professor of history who also served on the task force, and Nan Skelton, director emerita of the Center for Democracy and Citizenship.
The panel discussed the trails of serving on a task force with very divided viewpoints. Swanson and Thomas said that while the task force worked together as a team, the sides were not without disagreement. Thomas, a man who identifies as mied race, explained that he is a "product of integration." His belief was that the $100 million should contribute to transportation in the form of voluntary bussing between school districts to encourage integration.
Swanson, however, had other concerns. "Are we using the money that is making the problem [of segregation] worse?" he said. "If people should want to be involved with people like them, how much should the government be involved with that?"
Martin Sabo '38 thanked the panelists and commended the co-chairs for their patience with opposing points of view: "The difference is that this task force started with a question, not an answer. Too many people believe they have all the answers," he said.
The Sabo Symposium is co-sponsored by: the Sabo Center for Citizenship and Learning, Communication Studies, Education, Honors program, Political Science, Bonner Leaders, and the Minnesota Urban Debate League.
Fishburne Military School Superintendent COL Gary R. Morrison (VA) announced on Wednesday that he had accepted an offer from NewDay USA to be vice president of the NewDay USA Foundation.
National Signing Day is becoming a tradition at Fishburne Military School. “This is actually the most important day that we’ll have this year on campus,” said FMS postgrad basketball coach Ed Huckaby at a ceremony Wednesday featuring seven signings.
Augusta Free Press produced a video featuring the First Formation of the Corps of Cadets at Fishburne Military School in Waynesboro, Va.
On Thursday, Cadet William C. Rowell of Chesapeake, Virginia was named as the Battalion Commander (BC) of Fishburne Military School for the 2014-2015 school year.
Aaron Drakeford comes to Fishburne after two years of coaching at his alma mater, University of Rio Grande, where he served as the associate head coach before joining the staff at Fishburne.
His voice cracking at times with emotion, Gary Morrison accepted the challenge of being named the 12th superintendent at Fishburne Military School while issuing a challenge of his own to the Corps of Cadets. “There is a saying in the U.S. armed forces. You’ve heard it befoer and most likely again very recently. That saying is ‘leave no man behind.’ My challenge to this remarkable Corps of Cadets is to adopt that saying as your own,” said Morrison, a 1981 Fishburne graduate who also served on the faculty and later as the director of admissions at the school.
The new superintendent at Fishburne Military School is a familiar face in the FMS community. Gary R. Morrison, a 1981 graduate of Fishburne who also served on the faculty and later as the director of admissions, was named to the top administrative position at the school at a meeting of the Fishburne-Hudgins Educational Foundation Board of Trustees.
James Madison women’s basketball earned a 65-43 victory at William & Mary on Sunday afternoon at Kaplan Arena to move to 4-0 against Colonial Athletic Association foes this season.
Terry Tarpey recorded the first triple-double in William and Mary’s 110-year history and Marcus Thornton knocked down seven treys to lead the Tribe to an 81-73 Colonial Athletic Association men’s basketball victory over James Madison on Saturday afternoon at Kaplan Arena.
James Madison women’s basketball opened at Northeastern on a 9-0 run and never looked back as the Dukes earned a 77-55 win in their Colonial Athletic Association road opener on Friday night at Cabot Center in Boston, Massachusetts.
In the most lopsided CAA victory in the program’s 30 years in the league, the William and Mary men’s basketball put the foot on the gas and never let off in dominating College of Charleston, 75-45, on Saturday afternoon at Kaplan Arena.
The William and Mary men’s basketball team reached the century mark for the first time since 1998 in routing Bluefield College, 100-57, on Thursday night.
William and Mary head men’s basketball coach Tony Shaver announced the addition of Bluefield College to round out the Tribe’s 14-game home slate for the 2014-15 season.
A number of preseason prognostications have high views of the William and Mary men’s basketball team for the 2014-15 season. Both Blue Ribbon and NYBuckets.com rated the Tribe No. 1 in the Colonial Athletic Associatino (CAA) prior to the year.
Five JMU players touched double digits, including 16 each from senior guard Kirby Burkholder (Bridgewater, Va./Turner Ashby) and redshirt-sophomore guard Jazmon Gwathmey (Bealeton, Va./Liberty), to run away with a 72-48 win over William & Mary at Kaplan Arena, Tuesday evening.
For more than 5 years Kallkwik have looked after AJSW's printing needs for which we sincerely thank them
This page lists the forthcoming events organized by the AJSW. Our previous events are listed in the event archive.
Click here for detailed event information for September 29th and here for detailed information for October 20th.
To hear a sampler of Yukiko's solo, 4 hands on two pianos (with "4Tune") and 8 hands on two pianos performances (with "Inzpir8tion") press arrow below.
Here is Aiki playing Saint-Saens' 'The Swan' at St George's for our 15th Anniversary concert there November 10th 2011 backed by our AJSW Chamber Music Ensemble (live recording)
We also publish separate feeds for each venue. To access them, use the drop-down menu at the top of this page to select the venue you are interested in. An RSS link for this venue will be shown below the event listings.
RSS feeds can be bookmarked and viewed directly in most modern web browsers. You can even publish them in your own website. Visit whatisrss.com for more information about RSS feeds and how to use them.
We organise many concerts per year including London venues as well as Bristol Cathedral and St Georges Int. Concert Venue (Bristol).
Although we are no longer holding lunch concerts at St Sepulchre, the Musicians Church, it's history and it's place within the Church of England should not be overlooked or neglected. The Bishop of London signed a document soon after he took up his position granting its special status. Within the church was the 'Musicians Chapel'. The Bishop of London is a traditionalist and has a preference for classical music.
The departed musicians recorded in the Musicians Chapel's Remembrance Book deserve respect. They represent music that has lasted for centuries of the highest order. The musicians we brought there reflected their predecessors' art and musical skills. Sir Henry Wood (buried there) and Dame Nellie Melba (a window dedicated to her) symbolize that the music there should reach for the heights. It became difficult to maintain such standards especially the necessary organizational consistency required for such musicians to give of their best and attract a regular audience at levels conducive to a welcoming and warm environment. From our first concert there on October 31st, 2012 to our last on July 23rd, 2014 enabled some memorable musical moments by a number of remarkable musicians ready to give of their best.
So in memoriam to all those wonderful musicians past and present we mark our place in its history in trying to keep its status and place as intended.
The Musicians' Chapel was dedicated Jan 2nd 1955. A rare recording of a BBC News Item of the historic ceremony was discovered in the church in 2012. The Albert Hall Proms founder Sir Henry Wood is buried in the chapel. He was organist at St Sepulchre when he was 14 before he founded the world famous proms which he conducted for 50 years. Dignitaries, including his successor and friend Sir Malcolm Sargent, attended the dedication leading to St Sepulchre's status as The National Musicians Church.
The clip below comes from a 1936 British feature film entitled "Calling the Tune", a story about the development of the gramophone industry, and Sir Henry Wood and his Queen's Hall Light Orchestra, seen here, were among the guest stars.
We thank the National Churches Trust for an article in the week starting 12th July '14 in praise of our efforts at St Sepulchre printed the week prior to our departure!
Women’s breasts certainly draw a lot of attention in our society. Countless women seek to enhance them. Women experimented many things from push up bras to plastic surgery, most of them end up doing plastic surgery because it would be permanently. Breasts is not just breasts but it has spiritual meanings and symbolism play an important role. With a good fit breasts, women can gain more confidence in themselves. Fortunately, with the development of technology in plastic surgery, there are few options for the patient to choose.
Lelux Hospital uses only FDA (The United States Food and Drug Administration) approved breast implants. All the brands chosen by Lelux Hospital produce safe, durable and high quality breasts implants. The three brands chosen by Lelux are Allergan (Natrelle Collection), Mentor and Sientra(Silimed). All of these brands offers both glossy surfaces and matte surfaces; however, the hospital only uses matte surfaces because it would reduce the chance of getting fascia and reduce the contraction between silicone and the breast tissues.
Before the surgery, the patient will get a consultation with the surgeon to get the best results. The surgeon will ask what is the patient desire size from 100-800 cc. However, the possibility of getting desired breast shape, areas of fullness are important to consider. For instance, a woman with thick breast tissues may be able to accommodate a wider augmentation than a person with thin breast tissues. Thin breast tissues would give an unnatural beauty if the augmented part is too big.
Round shape implant can create soft, round and nicely proportioned breasts providing great flexibility. The gel inside the round shape silicone is waterier than the teardrop shape. It would give a teardrop shape when sitting and standing but will get back to round shape when sleeping or any other gesture.
Round shape implant is suitable for a person who already have some thick breast tissues. With the same size of the silicone, in round shape augmentation would give a bigger look than the teardrop shape. The procedure for the round shape augmentation is not cumbersome and doesn’t take lots of time to do the surgery but proper technique of massaging is needed after the surgery.
Anatomical shape is commonly known as “Teardrop” due to its shape. Breasts attain a more gently sloping contour with teardrop breast implants. There is a greater preservation of the contour and fullness of the upper portion of the breast and less overstretching. The teardrop shape implants often provide greater projection by volume. Breasts with teardrop shaped implants typically excel in appearance in women who have little volume in the chest, and normally textured to ensure no flipping or rotating can take place, preventing the breasts looking uneven.
This position offers the advantages of a lower rate of capsular contracture, less interference with mammography, lower rate of rippling, and less likelihood of downward displacement. Capsular contracture is when the scar tissue formed around the breast implants which may cause the breasts to harden, which may cause the breast to look or feel different. A person with petite breasts may obtain their best cosmetic result with the implant placed under the muscle, which provides more padding between the implant and the skin.
This placement involves in less discomfort and faster recovery because the pectoralis muscle itself is not disturbed. Also, the breast will instantly appear attractive because the swelling is minimal. The placement is suitable for people who already have ample breast tissue as larger breasts offer more of a cushion between the implant and the skin.
The incision is made within the breast fold with the length of about 3-4 centimeters which the scar can be easily hidden by the breast for women with deep folds. The inframammary approach provides the most direct route and generally requires the least operative time for placement of the implant.
The appealing point for this technique is the incision which is far away from the breast, leave the breast looking untouched. The scar will be under the armpit. On the other hand, this technique can only be done once, if any revision is needed, inframammary incision technique will be used for a better outcome.
For this technique the incision will be placed within the pigmented areolar tissue. This is often result in the least obvious scar because of the texture and darker color of the areola border which is generally camouflaged quite well. This technique would be benefit to people whose breasts hang a bit because it would help uplifting the breasts. However, this technique could cause in loss of sensation in the nipple for some patient.
First the surgeon will put the patient to sleep by using general anesthesia. General anesthesia can only be used in a hospital, therefore, there won’t be any available in a small clinic. Secondly, the incision will be made in inconspicuous areas to make sure the scar is as minimal as possible. The incision made will be chosen by you and the surgeon to make sure you get the desirable outcome. After the incision is made, a breast implant is inserted into a pocket either under the muscle or under the breast tissues. Finally, the surgeon will close the incisions with layered sutures in the breast tissue with sutures, skin adhesive or surgical tape to close the skin.
Please inform the surgeon or staff of any allergies or special dietary requirements to avoid any problem.
Have you ever done any operation before? What operation did you have? Did you use any gas passer during the operation? Were there any significant side effects?
Following the operation, as with any surgery, you can expect some pain, swelling, bruising and tenderness. However, these effects will get better after 3-7 days.
The surgeon will prescribe medications which you have to for pain which you have to follow cautiously.
Any sexual activities or any strenuous activities that could raise your blood pressure for at least two weeks.
You are recommended not to wear an underwire bra because it causes too much compression of the breasts. Sports bra is recommended to wear for the first 6 months after the surgery.
Scars may become reddened before they fade. This is normal, everyone heals different, so you don’t have to worry.
Lelux Hospital was a clinic, previously known as “Suay Ngam Clinic” since 2002. Back in the day, Suay Ngam Clinic was renowned among the group of people who are interested in plastic surgery, under the concept of “You don’t have to be rich to be beautiful by the hand of surgeon”.
Description Hire Hotmail support engineers to make correct your software. We are New Zealand based best support service provider in the country. We provide third-party support for this software. Our technicians are always ready to support you on Hotmail Support Number New Zealand 099509142.
Keywords Hotmail Support New Zealand, Hotmail Support Number New Zealand, Hotmail Technical Support New Zealand, Hotmail Customer Support New Zealand
Admyad is a site dedicated to online classifed ads worldwide. Vehicles, Heavy Machinery, Sewing Machines, General Merchandise, Job and help wanted ad, Business Opportunities, Work From Home, Escort Services in India, dating site
Opie Oils have a pair of tickets to Knockhill Racing Circuit up for grabs, so if you and a guest fancy spending the day watching the Super Touring Car Event, then you may be in luck!
To be in with a chance of winning these tickets, all you have to do is drop us a PM titled Super Touring. In the message, please include your full name, the name of your guest, your address, telephone number and email address - this will make sure that we can get in touch with you as quickly as possible after the winner has been selected.
Please only apply if you are able to attend on Sunday 4th June, as it would be a shame for the tickets to go to waste
Should you be the lucky winner of these tickets, your guest and yourself will meet a member of the David Sleigh Race Team at the gates at 10:30AM on Sunday 4th June. They will then provide you with your passes and bring you accross to their race awning, skipping the waiting lines. Here, you can meet this awesome racing team, hang out for the day and have some lunch whilst watching one of the best events of the season. The return of the iconic Super Touring thoroughbreds proved a great hit in 2016, and it will be even more special this year with Touring cars from the 80s and 90s head lining the grid. The thunderous Group A Sierras and of course the 2 litre BTCC cars from 92 onwards will also be there. All in all, it's going to be a pretty action packed day!
As the event is for this weekend, get those messages in quick, the winner will be picked at random and contacted by Friday 2nd at the latest. Best of luck guys!
                        public texte => string(430) "<p>Jean François Caroff, known as Jeff, is partner of Sol Semilla in charge of the communication and sales development. This pio …"
                        public raw_texte => string(430) "<p>Jean François Caroff, known as Jeff, is partner of Sol Semilla in charge of the communication and sales development. This pio …"
Is a Mexican American actor professional wrestler member of the Guerrero wrestling family. Mayordomo Virtual 1. From the developers of AtomixMP3, it arrives a new version of Virtual DJ with a lot of options for. Learning English is easy when you use Tip 2 To Excellent English Speaking.
Is in to a was not you i of it the be he his but for are this that by on at they with which she from had we will have an what been one if would who has her there two can al. 0 of Sweet Home 3D was released 5 years ago on September 12 .
Download virtual dj 8. 4H Urlinfo About : mayordomo- virtual- 1. Virtual DJ comes with a. Com/ download/ sld3tz0svyj9mug/ Mayordomo. Mayordomo Virtual. From the anthropological point of view carnival is a reversal ritual, in which social roles are reversed , norms about desired behavior are suspended an orgiastic saturnalian atmosphere that overturned social norms.
Mayordomo virtual y. Portable version of Sweet Home 3D. Create superb audio compositions and broadcast them. Happy birthday Sweet Home 3D!
Salvador Guerrero IV ( born 20 October 1970) also known as Chavo Guerrero and Chavo Guerrero Jr. Mayordomo virtual.
Copyright © 2013-2018, Amazon Украина. We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Barracuda Studios produces a growing line of resin details under the BarracudaCast brand to compliment their BarracudaCals decal line. In this release, we have a set of nicely detailed wheels to replace the kit parts in your favorite 1/72 Shackleton kit.
This set provides a pair of main wheels and a pair of tail wheels which feature nice wheel hub details as well as tread pattern. This set can be used with your Airfix Shackleton MR.2 or Revell AEW.2. For a look at these parts and other options from Barracuda Studios, stop by their website at barracudacals.com.
Notice: The appearance of U.S. Air Force, U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, U.S. Marine Corps, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Defense, or NASA imagery or art does not constitute an endorsement nor is Cybermodeler Online affiliated with these organizations.
Austrian athletes found guilty of doping could face a jail term of up to 10 years following new laws to be put before parliament. The nation’s sports and justice ministers announced on Monday that amendments to the national fraud act will make the use of performance enhancing drugs in competition a criminal offence for the first time.
Like many nations, only possessing or selling banned substances is a criminal offence under current Austrian law. The increased attention to the matter has come following several high-profile doping cases involving the nation’s athletes, including that of cyclist Bernhard Kohl.
Kohl tested positive to third-generation variant of erythropoietin (EPO) continuous erythropoitin receptor activator (CERA) during the 2008 Tour de France. Kohl later quit the sport after being handed a two year ban for the incident, which followed several high-profile CERA cases after the drug’s discovery.
The changes still require ratification by Austria’s parliament however once passed are expected to be in effect from January 1, 2010.
Austria’s introduction of criminal sentences for doping in sport are another step forward for cycling, whose fight against performance enhancing drugs has been boosted this year by the International Cycling Union’s (UCI) blood passport. While a conviction under the new laws will likely face jurisdictional challenges, the move sets a precedent for other nations to follow.
Follow Cyclingnews on Twitter for the very latest coverage of events taking place in the cycling world - twitter.com/cyclingnewsfeed
This is the official Rio Hondo College athletics website. Any other website containing information about Rio Hondo College athletics is not sanctioned by the Rio Hondo Community College District and therefore may not contain accurate information.
New for the 2016 legislative session: The 43rd annual California Environmental Scorecard rates elected officials on 2016, another successful year for the environment in spite of heavy opposition from polluting industry.
adv/http://www.mogpress.blogspot.com|https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-ACYZpeoK740/WPXGlNIiPJI/AAAAAAAACII/gQGH0T1a_eAGO-yfKjzN3u877SCXiOfmQCLcB/s1600/banner.jpg"
And so forth afterward there’s overview judgment at which you may offer a brief overview of the full article. To start off, make an outline or pre writing of your own article when preparing the initial write. Illustration essay writing tips are extremely beneficial in inventing high quality article documents. There must be the right dissertation which has to be undertaken for a creating a customized article. Authorship a brilliant composition can thus https://www.superior-papers.org/ be attained by planning properly. Here’s a step-by-action process to assist you write a successful composition. As a way to have among the best documents one ought to pick the support of the coach at each phase of both the custom or descriptive essays. This composition creating support fulfills your anticipations and does not have some plagiarism. Additionally, students may have absolute control of the article writing procedure.
Students, who can efficiently compose the right argumentative essay, show they’re not only good authors, but in addition good critical thinkers. The best example essays don’t have any such blunders and mistakes. These actually are the hallmarks of an excellent composition. It’s an essential variable on paper a wealthy essay. The most familiar essay beginning technique is consistently to begin the essay using a classification of the matter, then the background information and also a glimpse about what should a reader anticipate in the balance of the passing composition. A comparative essay is utilized to examine two notions or theories. You might list the different sorts of illustrative article subjects first then select the category on which you desire to pen down.
Essay authors need to create example essays utilizing all types. They are able to be typically employed verbs usually composition documents. Establishing up content, syntax and design is really not the one factor that the appropriate composition support can do, thus if this’s all you’re taking, ensure yourself which you’ll get your own penny right back. Positively, custom paper writing services aren’t free. You’ve identified a business and you’ve paid them a chosen amount of money for article providing within a given time frame. Recall Getessay is the one online business that could supply you with a terrific example of article writing, regardless of the issue, educational amount or any additional criterion. She uses an assortment of methods to convey her message which I’ll assess through the essay. To date As the a 4 size document is concerned, it’ll be using up three or more pages predicated on the size of your own handwriting.
The utilization of words and vocabulary is wholly different in distinct varieties of essays. As a means to prevent any form of mishaps, it’s required that you just use an excellent essay outline in order for your authorship will likely be nicely formatted. You actually need not be worried about how your article may be composed. Retain terminology consistent during your essay. Innovative composition writers have the opportunity to create original essays. First, the author requires to keep in mind the reality that every one of the categories within the article must reveal the complete theme of the article to the reader.
Three Main Objectives of Sand Industry Reviewed by Samantha on Sep 17Rating: According to the development environment of the building materials in China, sand and gravel industry should develop towards.. Read more
How To Open An Auto Repair Shop Or Auto Parts StoreReviewed by Aldentate9148 on Jun 9Rating: With the newer car models, the engine tune up may be done only once.. Read more
The Nuiances of BlockchainMiningReviewed by Flatroofing on Jul 3Rating: Cloud Mining for Dummies The Fight Against Cloud Mining hashflare review In the event that you would like to receive free.. Read more
With first-quarter data here, it's time to look at bond, equity fund performance - tribunedigital-baltimoresun
Now that first-quarter performance data for bond and equit funds have begun to appear, you can check on the funds you own and compare their results for various periods that ended March 31 with others having similar investment objectives or with bond and stock indexes.
You can see whether another fund looks more promising -- more likely to help you attain your investment goals -- than one of yours.You may decide whether to stay with the funds you hold and perhaps invest more money in them, to switch funds or to add a new one.
It's a good bet that the data on which you'll rely have been calculated by Lipper Analytical Services, which covers more funds than anyother service and whose statistics are the most widely used.
But whether the figures you look at were computed by Lipper, CDA, Morningstar or others, it's also a good bet that you may get some wrong impressions if you compare the published results of load and no-load funds without taking sales charges (or loads) into account.
In calculating a fund's total return, data services ignore any sales charges that investors may have to pay.
Serving the fund management companies that are their primary clients, the data services see their job as measuring how well a fund's portfolio has been managed -- not how much you may have earned by investing in it.
The two are the same only in the cases of no-load funds, whose shares you can buy and sell at their net asset values (NAVs). When you invest in load funds, a sales charge of up to 8.5 percent may be added to the NAV at the time you buy shares or a deferred sales charge of up to 5 percent may be subtracted from the proceeds when you sell.
Fund companies need total return data, uniformly calculated by independent services, to compare their portfolio managers' performances with those of other funds in the same classification and with benchmarks such as the Standard & Poor's 500 index. They use the data for several purposes, often including the determination of managers' yearly bonuses. Adjustment for sales charges that go to brokers and fund distributors would make the comparisons unfair.
You, on the other hand, want to know how much you're earning -- or could have earned -- on your money.
If you have to pay a "front-end" load when buying shares, not all of your investment is working for you.
If you have to pay a "back-end" load when redeeming shares, you receive less than the market value of the shares at the time you sell. In either case, the return on your investment would be less than if the fund charged no load at all.
While maximum loads for small investments range from 1 percent to 8.5 percent of the NAV, most load funds are at around 4 percent to 5 percent. Rates drop below maximums for large purchases. Deferred sales charges fall with the length of time shares have been held and eventually disappear.
The tables illustrate the impact that loads can have on those who invest in equity and bond funds. They show the total returns for the leading performers for the year that ended March 28 -- ranked before adjustment for sales charges -- in two Lipper categories: capital appreciation funds, which seek to maximize capital gains, and GNMA funds, which invest in government-backed GNMA securities.
Note that the effect of a load -- of the diversion of, say, $50 of a $1,000 investment -- diminishes with time, but even the best managers cannot offset it altogether.
Now you might not begrudge a broker a 4 percent to 5 percent commission if he or she is responsible for your investing in an equity fund earning a 25 percent total return for one year.
But no broker can assure you ahead of time that a fund will do that well; moreover, no fund is likely to average 25 percent a year over a long period. During the 12 months that ended March 31, for example, the average return of the 140 funds in the capital appreciation group was only 11.6 percent.
For bond funds, high double-digit total returns are, of course, an even greater rarity. Loads have a more pronounced effect on their investors and can turn a positive result into a negative in a poor year for bonds.
If you want to analyze the performance of a mix of load and no-load funds, you can put them on a comparable basis. When calling for the prospectuses that you need to study, simply ask the service representatives at the load fund families for the total returns after adjustment for sales charges for the latest 1-, 5-, and 10-year periods.
Jerry Tarkanian, whose 18 years at the University of Nevada-Las Vegas have been marked by highly successful teams and continuing investigations by the collegiate authorities, expected to announce today that he will coach the basketball team for one more season and then resign.
Although Tarkanian has two more years left on his contract, the Las Vegas Sun, citing unnamed sources, said the university will not be required to buy out the final year of the contract.
The Sun -- for which Tarkanian and his wife, Lois, both write columns -- reported that Tarkanian is said to have offers of front-office jobs with the Los Angeles Clippers or the Dallas Mavericks waiting for him when he leaves UNLV.
Tarkanian and UNLV president Robert Maxson emerged from a 30-minute meeting in Maxson's office yesterday and announced that they had reached an agreement "in principle" as to how Tarkanian's job status will be dealt with.
The first woman to play college baseball has left her team citing sexism among her teammates, coach and athletic director, but her college says she was merely reacting to isolated incidents.
Julie Croteau, who has just finished her junior year, says she has taken a leave of absence from St. Mary's (Md.) College for at least a semester and might transfer.
Croteau, a reserve first baseman, also charges the college with widespread discrimination against female athletes, including inferior coaching, facilities and scheduling. The college denied these charges outright.
Croteau, of Manassas, Va., was the only woman ever to become a regular, full-time player on a college baseball team when she joined it in her freshman year.
She told USA Today she "has spent more time fighting and being emotionally destroyed by baseball than enjoying the game. It's not fun anymore."
The World Boxing Council cannot hold a purse bid this rTC weekend on a proposed heavyweight title fight between Evander Holyfield and former champion Mike Tyson, a New Jersey state judge ruled.
Superior Court Judge Amos Saunders said that only the International Boxing Federation could accept bids from promoters seeking to stage the fight. He blocked the WBC from holding a purse bid on Saturday, according to Karen Passero, Saunders' law clerk.
The IBF, one of three governing bodies for boxing and the lead organization for any challenge to Holyfield, plans its purse bid Tuesday.
U.S. Olympic officials said that they were happy with Cuba's preparations to host the Pan American games this August and disputed reports they were curtailing the time American athletes would spend in Cuba.
"We are totally satisfied," said U.S. Olympic Committee spokesman Mike Moran, who was among U.S. officials who visited Cuba three times recently to review the preparations.
"We have looked at every single aspect of this," he said by telephone from Colorado Springs, Colo. "We see no special reasons to make adjustments."
Boston Celtics forward Larry Bird will undergo surgery today to repair a back injury that bothered him throughout the 1990-91 NBA season, the team said.
The New York City Marathon will offer cash bonuses strictly on a time performance basis rather than a flat amount for finishing in the top 15, race director Fred Lebow said.
So, instead of the men's and women's winners each receiving $26,385 as they did last November, the first-place finishers can earn as much as $100,000 for breaking the world record.
Defending champion Ivan Lendl advanced to the quarterfinals of the Beckenham grass court tournament by beating Mexico's Luis Herrera, 6-4, 6-4, in Beckenham, England. Lendl, the top seed, will next face No. 9 Jim Grabb, who beat fellow American Patrick Galbraith, 6-2, 7-5.
Maximilian Sciandri won the 11th stage of the Tour of Italy in Savona, Italy, edging Greg LeMond in a two-man sprint for the finish line.
Olympic champions Bob Schul and Ellery Clark, journalist Bert Nelson and age group pioneer Roxanne Andersen were elected to the National Track and Field Hall of Fame, The Athletics Congress announced.
A swimsuit and cap hang on the hook inside the door of Irene Lewis' office at Center Stage. She hasn't worn them lately because of an inner ear problem, but these days she doesn't have much time for swimming anyway.
Besides serving as the theater's acting artistic director, she is directing the first play of the season, Ugo Betti's "The Queen and the Rebels," which opens Wednesday.
Added to these concerns is the inescapable consideration that "she is on the short-short list" of contenders for the permanent position of artistic director, according to W. David MacCallan, chairman of the search committee.
Perhaps understandably, Ms. Lewis doesn't feel it appropriate to comment on this, but she does say, "I don't feel I'm auditioning." Nor does she see the interim job as merely maintaining continuity at Center Stage, where Stan Wojewodski Jr. held the artistic post for 14 seasons and gave the theater a national profile before moving on last summer to head the Yale School of Drama and Yale Repertory Theatre. Instead, she says, "I'm doing it exactly as I would run a theater. . . . I've been in the business
She is referring to her tenure as artistic director of the Philadelphia Drama Guild in the early 1980s, which followed eight years at the Hartford [Conn.] Stage Company, culminating in the position of associate director. In recent years she has enjoyed a solid career as a free-lance director at such places as the Berkeley [Calif.] Repertory Theatre, the Alliance Theatre Company in Atlanta, Ga., and the Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles, not to mention five years as an associate artist at Center Stage, where she has directed at least as many productions as any other free-lancer.
"I think what's so exhilarating for those of us working with Irene is that she's clear about what she can do," says Peter W. Culman, Center Stage's managing director.
In 1980, when Ms. Lewis directed the first of 11 plays she has helmed at Center Stage, she told a reporter: "A woman director has to have a great deal of confidence in the way she's going to work."
Hearing that today, she reaffirms it heartily. "In a more public art, I think you do have to acquire a certain sense of self. . . . You basically have to rely on yourself in terms of your own growth."
The notion of acquiring this sense was one reason she was attracted to "The Queen and the Rebels," a lesser-known work by a modern Italian playwright who, though highly respected, is rarely produced in this country. (A 1982 Broadway revival starring the late Colleen Dewhurst was short-lived.)
Betti's 1949 script takes place in an unnamed European country in the throes of revolution. A group of travelers is detained by military officers who are looking for the escaped queen of the old order. During the interrogation, a peasant woman named Argia is mistaken for the queen.
Argia, Ms. Lewis says with evident admiration, "is someone who has no sense of self other than to scramble, and in the course of this play she decides she indeed has choice." In a broader context, explains production dramaturg Rick Davis, "Betti says without that sense of self you have nothing."
"The Queen and the Rebels" is being staged in the flexible Head Theater, and for the first time, the entire vast space is being used. The result is a playing area more than twice as deep as most stages. In addition, the theater's rough architectural details are being incorporated into Betti's abandoned town hall setting.
Taking a visitor upstairs to watch the set being installed, Ms. Lewis cannot disguise her enthusiasm for the innovative Head Theater, where she will also direct another rarely produced work, Shakespeare's "Pericles," in February.
Although "Pericles" and "The Queen and the Rebels" are both semi-obscure texts, they are only one part of a balanced season that Mr. Culman calls "the phenomenal panoply Irene Lewis has come up with." Also included are two classic masterpieces, Ibsen's "A Doll House" and Moliere's "The Misanthrope," as well as three new scripts, Paula Vogel's "The Baltimore Waltz," Marion Isaac McClinton's "Police Boys" and Athol Fugard's latest work, "My Children! My Africa!"
The season may not be an easy one, but it reflects the respect Ms. Lewis feels for the Center Stage audience. "I think it's an audience that likes to be challenged. I think nationally the profile of this theater is very high," she says, citing its reputation for "interesting, literate work."
For the second year in a row, Baltimore County crowned co-champions in field hockey, as Dulaney tied No. 9 Loch Raven, 0-0 in double overtime in the title game.
Yesterday's game at Dulaney marked their third meeting of the season. Two weeks ago, they tied, 1-1, and Loch Raven won the first game, 4-2.
"We'd rather have a stroke-off because we're pretty good at them, and we've been practicing," said Loch Raven forward Lauren Volk.
"We've been practicing strokes and we have a lot of confidence in our goalie," she said. "A tie is pretty good. I mean, it's better than a loss, but it would be great to go to strokes."
But they had to settle for a tie after two 10-minute periods of sudden-death overtime with seven players on a side.
The Lions threatened right away and Thingelstad nearly ended the game when she cranked up and shot just inside the circle. The ball just missed the cage and carried wide.
Thingelstad took two more shots and Karen Crowley another, but none got to the cage. Loch Raven keeper Cho Toung preserved the tie with a nice save against Thingelstad's second shot.
In the second overtime, with six different field players on each team, the Raiders (10-0-2) had a couple of chances on passes from Liz Wah to Jen Reed in the circle. But Reed couldn't reach the first pass and the ball hit her foot on the second.
Dulaney had one last chance to score in the final minute, but Toung (four saves) upset that one, too. Catherine Zamarin crossed the ball to Beth Baker for a shot, but Toung stopped it.
The Lions came close on a penalty corner midway through the half. On the corner hit, Jennifer Bacon went to Dawn Lindner, who pushed it to Thingelstad for the shot. The ball rolled between Toung's feet, but she managed to kick it away.
"I told them before the game, that to win the [Class 3A/4A] division was cake and anything above that is icing in a rebuilding year," she said.
At last! There won't be a heap of glass bottles and jars, aluminum cans, tin cans, plastic bottles and newspapers cluttering my garage.
Curbside recycling has finally reached my area. Once a week, the county Department of Utilities drives through our neighborhood and picks up our recyclables, saving us a trip to the recycling center. What a convenience!
My recycling didn't come easily for me. It took some work and a little reminder from my son, David, who posted a note on the lid of the trash can in the kitchen. I think he got tired of pulling out tuna cans and other recyclables. If this little tip will help you to remember what you can save, I'm glad to pass it on.
Take a few minutes to read the booklet that was delivered with your yellow bin. It explains very clearly how the program works and what can be recycled and what can't.
It is called a "Crafter's Delight and Flower Mart." If you like handmade and unusual crafts, then you'll be delighted to find so many of them at this event, scheduled to run from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday at Linthicum Elementary School, 101 School Lane.
Local crafters will display a vast array of crafts. Flowers, potted plants and hanging baskets will be available. Food will also be sold. Door prizes will be given away throughout the day.
The American Association of Retired Persons 2244 has decided to open its annual Harvest Festival to the public for the first time.
Helen Del Broco, publicity chairwoman, says the festival starts at 10 a.m. Thursday at St. John's Lutheran Church, 300 W. Maple Road. Members will meet at 1 p.m., with the festival continuing until 3 p.m. This is the chapter's only fund raiser. Proceeds will benefit the many charities the association helps to support.
There will be handmade items, crafts, books, plants and a white elephant table. Cupcakes and slices of cake will be sold, with coffee and tea served free.
Members of the Friendly Thyme Herb Club will meet at the Ferndale-Linthicum Senior Center, 7205 Baltimore-Annapolis Blvd. at 9 a.m. Friday. They will car pool to Our Lady of Grace Church in Freetown to attend a lecture and slide presentation by author-lecturer Susan Belsinger.
The lecture, followed by refreshments, is presented by the Partners in Thyme Herb Club and is open to the public. Tickets are $7 and are on sale at the door.
Faith Alive! Weekend, an Episcopal church renewal program, will take place at the Church of St. Christopher this weekend.
The program begins with a church supper at 6:30 p.m. Friday. A mission will follow. At 10 a.m. Saturday, several coffees are planned in the homes of parish members. Then, everyone will gather at noon for lunch and a one-hour program in the church hall. Parishioners will meet at 6:30 p.m. Saturday for dinner and another program.
Sunday Eucharist services at 8 a.m. and 10 a.m. will emphasize the Faith Alive! theme. Parishioners are invited back to church at 7:30 p.m. to discuss the program. There will be special programs for children and teen-agers, too. Members of the parish and everyone in the community are welcome.
Committee chairmen for the event are Ruth Hewitt, prayer and visitation; Kate Kiefe, publicity; David Ellis, nursery; Phil and Glenda Bailey, morning coffees; Pete and Kathy Notari, welcome, transportation and facilities; and Gerald VanAirsdale, visitation and follow-up. Parish coordinators are Jack Kirby and Associate Rector Jeanne Kirby.
St. Philip Neri Parish is having its annual oyster-bull roast on Saturday. Dinner will be served from 8 p.m. to midnight, with dancing until 1 a.m. Catering is by Jerry D. Tickets are $18 per person.
Taylor takes on the governor Strong warning: Speaker says Glendening gives 'lip service' to better business climate.
"The Wrecked, Blessed Body of Shelton Lafleur," by John... By Polly Paddock | Polly Paddock,Charlotte Observer
Square off again Labor federation sees an assault on working families, is fighting back By John J. Sweeney
House GOP seeks support for limit on tax increases Rate rise would require two-thirds vote of Congress By NEW YORK TIMES NEWS SERVICE
County Commissioners hail favorite son Dixon State treasurer is honored as model rural leader By Greg Tasker | Greg Tasker,SUN STAFF
25 years ago At long last, Carroll County women will be... By Compiled from the files of the Carroll County Historical Society's library
Titles, boxes don't tell you what's inside Plots: In the best anime, magic, intrigue, transformations and characterization grab your attention. By J.D. Considine
Boosters still await money to restore Constellation $500,000 from state falls short of request By Frank D. Roylance | Frank D. Roylance,SUN STAFF
Race set for 3 council slots, one seat on a village board Voting is next weekend in all 10 Columbia villages By Dan Morse | Dan Morse,SUN STAFF
Few seats contested as voting nears Homeowners to elect members of council, 10 village boards By Dan Morse | Dan Morse,SUN STAFF
Majority U.S. view is that North Korea will not invade But no one really knows how desperate nation is By NEW YORK TIMES NEWS SERVICE
25 years ago (week of April 11-17, 1971):The Howard County... By Diane Mullaly from the files of the Howard County Historical Society's library
1996: Year of the Mogul State budget declined, but 3 sports czars did well in Annapolis By C. Fraser Smith
Gambling worlds unite at Del. track Slots, horses attract money from bettors on opening day By Frank Langfitt | Frank Langfitt,SUN STAFF
Placing poverty families in the suburbs Housing mobility: Rep. Ehrlich's pandering aside, deal addresses the counties' concerns.
Divided government, 1996 style Polling results: 53 percent favor Clinton victory as brake on Gingrich Congress.
Museum promotes art of stewardship BMA Exhibit and fair aim to imprint on people the joys of collecting. By John Dorsey | John Dorsey,SUN ART CRITIC
County wins $214 million in state funds Money is about par with previous years despite new delegates By Scott Wilson | Scott Wilson,SUN STAFF
Damage to Pratt's image unclear 'Jury is still out on her,' despite Henson's resignation By JoAnna Daemmrich and Eric Siegel | JoAnna Daemmrich and Eric Siegel,SUN STAFF
Other Little Theatre to present 'Dream' Preview: Shakespeare's comedy of magic and mistaken identity opens Friday. By Phil Greenfield | Phil Greenfield,SPECIAL TO THE SUN
Imperial dreams Slavic union: Belarus edges closer to Russia but Ukraine has no desire to lose sovereignty.
'Choice' and the Catholic schools Many choices: Mayor Schmoke's task force investigating school choice should consider Catholic schools and semi-independent public schools, among other options. By Mike Bowler | Mike Bowler,SUN STAFF
Sex solicitation sweep leads to arrests of 40 men in 4 city neighborhoods By Peter Hermann | Peter Hermann,SUN STAFF
Repairs planned for water system Boost in pressure and rates in store By Edward Lee | Edward Lee,SUN STAFF
Suspect in tool theft jumps into Potomac to elude police Authorities search waters after plunge off bridge By Ed Heard | Ed Heard,SUN STAFF
On-line guides assemble face-to-face AOL volunteers party in Baltimore By Joe Mathews | Joe Mathews,SUN STAFF
Immigrants flock to jobs in suburbs They are considered vital to work force By Caitlin Francke | Caitlin Francke,SUN STAFF
Digging up garden advice Green thumbs: The busy season has begun for the staff of a hot line that provides gardening advice to Marylanders year round. By Edward Lee | Edward Lee,SUN STAFF
Sister city of Baltimore left in ruins Connection: It is a reminder of ties between Liberia and Maryland dating to 1822, when the first freed slaves sailed from the United States to create a nation. By Michael Hill | Michael Hill,SUN FOREIGN STAFF
The horse race? Oh, that's incidental My Lady's Manor is mainly a social event By Dan Morse | Dan Morse,SUN STAFF
Internal memos compare medicine industry to OPEC U.S. judge reveals details in ordering trial of lawsuit By NEW YORK TIMES NEWS SERVICE
WPOC-FM eliminates afternoon news People's choice: The station's research showed that its audience would rather hear more music. By Chris Kaltenbach | Chris Kaltenbach,SUN STAFF
Loyalty only to mayhem Civil war: Liberia has a past tightly linked to the United States and a present that bodes poorly for West Africa's future. By Michael Hill | Michael Hill,SUN FOREIGN STAFF
For now, Sonia Gandhi won't be life of the party Many in India believed slain leader's widow was ruling group's last hope By NEW YORK TIMES NEWS SERVICE
Hopkins event tinged with sadness Spring homecoming held days after student slaying By Howard Libit | Howard Libit,SUN STAFF
Toon in Tomorrow Japanimation: Anime can be as cinematic as any Hollywood blockbuster and sells bigger in its native land. The cartoon form is deep, sexy and drawing a bead on the American market. By J.D. Considine | J.D. Considine,SUN POP MUSIC CRITIC
Commerce aide remembered as dedicated Stephen Kaminski's love of family, job recalled By Donna R. Engle | Donna R. Engle,SUN STAFF
Korean War cold cripples again Old wounds: The extreme cold of the Korean War isn't done with the men who fought there. Frostbite injuries are worsening as the veterans grow older, leading to further pain, disfigurement and amputations. By Jonathan Bor | Jonathan Bor,SUN STAFF
Theresa Randle is star of the month Wholesome: "Girl 6" actress turned down crack-addict role, loves kids and has supported herself with odd jobs. By Sandy Coleman | Sandy Coleman,BOSTON GLOBE
Husband put himself first, and now wife is angry By FROM LADIES' HOME JOURNAL Los Angeles Times Syndicate
Be careful about talk of quitting Planning: Although your present job may be awful, unemployment could be worse. Before you threaten to leave, try to improve your situation at work or line up another position. By Deborah L. Jacobs | Deborah L. Jacobs,CHRONICLE FEATURES
Small museum goes big time in big city Texas trade: The National Cowgirl Hall of Fame and Western Heritage Center, originated 21 years ago in Hereford, is being moved to Fort Worth, where its budget and patronage are likely to grow. By Sam Howe Verhovek | Sam Howe Verhovek,NEW YORK TIMES NEWS SERVICE ,,TC
OK in Oklahoma Sooner State: In the land where buffalo still roam, you'll also find caverns and canyons, cowboys and Indians, oil rigs and sand dunes -- and a feeling of timelessness. By Ralph Marsh | Ralph Marsh,UNIVERSAL PRESS SYNDICATE
How to make more look like less By Design: Turn the wall at the end of a long hallway into a focal point, with big, interesting objects in asymmetrical arrangement. By Rita St. Clair | Rita St. Clair,LOS ANGELES TIMES SYNDICATE
Old-fashioned dishes and newfangled flavor Mamma mia! These baked pasta dishes have Mom-made appeal, plus some unexpected touches. By SEATTLE TIMES
Stop to shop or stay awhile South of the Border: Alan Schafer, beer distributor turned entrepreneur, has created a tourist mecca beneath the sign of the sombrero. By Earl Swift | Earl Swift,VIRGINIAN-PILOT
'This could be lost' Place of honor: In the woods of Concord, Henry David Thoreau became the patron saint of conservationists. Now they must fight to save his birthplace. By Richard O'Mara | Richard O'Mara,SUN STAFF
April showers bring show houses Home: It's time once again for those rites of spring, the Symphony Decorators' Show House and the Maryland House and Garden Pilgrimage. By Elizabeth Large | Elizabeth Large,SUN STAFF
Perfect Uncle Wiggly mug may be worth $35 to $40 Market Value: Drinking milk with Ovaltine in the 1930s leads to payoff in the '90s. By Ralph Kovel and Terry Kovel | Ralph Kovel and Terry Kovel,COWLES SYNDICATE
Double trouble for batters Ambidextrous pitcher: Severna Park freshman Amanda Donaldson is a natural left-hander but pitches better with her right arm. She's working on that. By Bill Free | Bill Free,SUN STAFF
9-1 O's streak back for 7-6 victory Down 5 runs in fifth, club confidently tracks down Twins By Buster Olney | Buster Olney,SUN STAFF
Diving save preserves 13-12 win, ousts Spirit Cleveland wins series, 3-1, as Crunch's Orf denies Vaudreuil late in game By PHIL JACKMAN | PHIL JACKMAN,SUN STAFF
Benitez looks great, says he feels fine Tender elbow no problem in 1 1/3 hitless innings By Peter Schmuck and Buster Olney | Peter Schmuck and Buster Olney,SUN STAFF
Little-known Duval, Waldorf grab third-round fame Norman says high wind increased many scores By Paul McMullen | Paul McMullen,SUN STAFF
Caps finish regular season on losing note 3-2 defeat to Sabres costs shot at fourth place By Sandra McKee | Sandra McKee,SUN STAFF
St. Mary's takes it all in Roland Park tourney Mt. Hebron knocks off No. 1 Reds in consolation By Katherine Dunn | Katherine Dunn,SUN STAFF
Norman sits on 6-shot cushion His first Masters title appears within reach By Paul McMullen | Paul McMullen,SUN STAFF
Ravens cross fingers, hope for gold in draft It's butterfly time for Newsome, staff By Mike Preston | Mike Preston,SUN STAFF
Making home improvement Mullings finds a niche: Howard High long jumper feels lucky to have landed in the home of Cheryl and Richard Alexander. By Stan Rappaport | Stan Rappaport,SUN STAFF
Studious Surhoff aces exam with homer Learns from his first at-bat, those of mates vs. Guardado By Peter Schmuck | Peter Schmuck,SUN STAFF
Steller gets off to lofty start Mowing 'em down: McDonogh's ace is 3-0 with an 0.00 ERA, 21 strikeouts in 21 innings, and only six hits allowed. By Lem Satterfield | Lem Satterfield,SUN STAFF
One week to go, so let the mind games begin Posturing, PR by teams disguises intentions By Vito Stellino | Vito Stellino,SUN STAFF
Bandits rally to defeat Rangers, 8-5 Victory is 3rd straight, 8th in past 10 games By Jason LaCanfora | Jason LaCanfora,SPECIAL TO THE SUN
Playing doubles serves longtime friends well Natural team: South Carroll seniors Carrie Tamburo and Sara Wachter tried tennis their freshman season and have worked their way up to No. 1 doubles. By Glenn P. Graham | Glenn P. Graham,SUN STAFF
Girls polo team making strides Beating boys teams: Garrison Forest players like to show their 'macho' opponents that they can be as tough as they are. By Katherine Dunn | Katherine Dunn,SUN STAFF
Rutgers stuns Syracuse, 9-8, in overtime Knights hadn't beaten Orangemen since 1955 By FROM STAFF REPORTS
One man's castle is his simple rowhouse Sudden idea: Matthew Vadney came to Baltimore on a "whim" and bought a home, something he thought he never could do in expensive Northern Virginia. By Jill L. Kubatko | Jill L. Kubatko,CONTRIBUTING WRITER
Home sales may benefit health care Proposed measure widens tax break for the elderly By Kenneth R. Harney
AFL-CIO trumpets shareholder power Sweeney urges members to use tactic to fight high executive pay, downsizing By BOSTON GLOBE
Handling a HUD home Different paths: HUD houses provide home buyers a chance to get a bargain. But critics say they attract investors who do minimal repairs, hurting neighborhoods. By Liz Atwood | Liz Atwood,SUN STAFF
More firms offer direct-purchase plans Investors seeking to avoid fees take advantage of stock-buying programs By KNIGHT RIDDER NEWS SERVICE
What Assembly did and didn't do For one thing, it OK'd test of how tax credits affect neighborhoods By Daniel H. Barkin | Daniel H. Barkin,SUN STAFF
Expanding REI wants to maintain homespun qualities Robust success: Since 1938, Recreational Equipment Inc. has worked to build customer loyalty. Amid rapid growth today, that goal remains intact. By SEATTLE TIMES
Woodbine offers a blend of the past and present A place where kids know about horses and hay rakes, too By Sherry Graham | Sherry Graham,SPECIAL TO THE SUN
A union tries to stay afloat ILA feeling squeezed: As contract negotiations approach in Baltimore, the International Longshoremen's Association finds itself "in a crisis time." By Suzanne Wooton | Suzanne Wooton,SUN STAFF
Due to a knee with all the consistency of yogurt, I was recently forced to undergo arthroscopic surgery.The operation was performed at the Johns Hopkins Outpatient Center by Dr. Carl Johnson, a terrific surgeon who has done nearly 2,000 arthroscopies and could probably do one in his sleep, although he assured me he wouldn't doze off.As best as can be recalled, these are the events that transpired:10:30 a.m.: Like a good soldier, I arrive at pre-op right...
Although Ravens left tackle Eugene Monroe said his arthroscopic knee surgery went well last week, he was noncommittal on when he'll return to practice. Monroe declined to say if he completely tore or partially tore his meniscus and said he has no timetable on when he'll be able to run again. Monroe is expected to miss roughly a month, according to a source. "It just depends," Monroe said. "I'm doing everything I can to get back as soon as it's possible. I just come in and work every day to get healthy.
Washington Bullets All-Star forward Bernard King will undergo arthroscopic surgery on his right knee to relieve discomfort from meniscus cartilage that was repaired 17 years ago when King played at the University of Tennessee.King and Dr. Norman Scott, who will perform the surgery, said there is no relationship between the current injury and reconstructive surgery on his right knee in 1985.The arthroscopic surgery will be performed tomorrow morning.The procedure was scheduled after King felt discomfort in his knee Monday while running on a treadmill.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. -- Orioles designated hitter Wilson Betemit underwent successful exploratory arthroscopic surgery on his right knee Wednesday. The procedure isn't expected to extend Betemit's initial recovery time of six to eight weeks from a Grade 2/3 posterior cruciate ligament tear in the knee. “They went in just to look and repair a couple of minor things, so everything in there was good news," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said Thursday. “The anterior cruciate ligament is really good and the PCL looks like it's going to heal.
JUPITER, Fla. - The Orioles reported to spring training with a surplus of second basemen. The challenge is getting through the last two weeks before they run out. A magnetic resonance imaging test on Mark McLemore's right knee yesterday confirmed a cartilage tear. He will need arthroscopic surgery and is expected to miss six to eight weeks. McLemore suffered the injury while rounding first base in Friday's game against the Los Angeles Dodgers in Fort Lauderdale. Team physician Dr. Charles Silberstein examined McLemore, and after a radiologist checked the results of yesterday's MRI, the Orioles' roster underwent another change.
Outfielder Darnell McDonald, his injured right shoulder still not responding to extended rest, will undergo arthroscopic surgery this week and further delay his return to Triple-A Ottawa's lineup. As if the former No. 1 draft pick needed another disappointment. Just when he seemed on the brink of joining the Orioles, his season could be ending much too soon, or at least put on hold for much longer than first anticipated. A magnetic resonance imaging test didn't reveal any structural damage, but the Orioles have arranged for an exploratory procedure after more conservative treatments failed to reduce the inflammation.
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox learned yesterday that designated hitter Andre Dawson will undergo arthroscopic surgery on his left knee today. He could be out four weeks.Dawson, 39, hitting .246 with 10 homers and 27 RBIs in 36 games, suffered a "locked" knee while running to first Tuesday night against Cleveland. He had a magnetic resonance imaging test yesterday morning that showed an object -- either a bone chip or a fragment of cartilage -- lodged in the joint of the knee. He was placed on the 15-day disabled list yesterday.
Washington Capitals left wing Randy Burridge, who was expected to be out until January because of surgery on his left knee, is scheduled to have arthroscopic surgery on his right knee tomorrow. The new procedure isn't expected to delay his return.He injured the left knee in Game 2 of the playoff series against the Pittsburgh Penguins. He hurt the right knee Sept. 5. Team doctor Richard Grossman will perform the arthroscopic surgery on his right knee.Meanwhile, the Capitals announced yesterday that their season-opening game against the Maple Leafs in Toronto has been moved from Oct. 7 to Oct. 6.The Maple Leafs requested the switch because of scheduling conflicts.
ANAHEIM, Calif. -- An MRI exam on California Angels pitcher Mark Langston's right knee yesterday showed a slight cartilage tear, but doctors won't determine until today whether the left-hander will need arthroscopic surgery.Surgery probably would result in at least a three-week stint on the disabled list for Langston, who will be examined by team physician Lewis Yocum. The other treatment option: Rest and hope the knee heals.Manager Marcel Lachemann said there's an "outside chance" Langston, scratched from Sunday's game against Minnesota, will make his next scheduled start Friday against Cleveland.
Dr. S. Ward Casscells, 80, who helped revolutionize sports medicine as a pioneer in arthroscopic surgery, died Thursday of leukemia at the home of a son in Houston. In addition to his research in arthroscopic surgery, which led to his publication in 1971 of the first paper on the topic, he trained many of the first generation of orthopedists to use the minimally invasive surgical technique. He also helped establish its use at Johns Hopkins, Yale, Massachusetts General, and Brigham and Women's hospitals.
Tiger Woods had arthroscopic surgery on his left knee yesterday to repair cartilage damage, his second operation in five years on the same knee. He is expected to miss at least a month while he recovers. The surgery, announced on his Web site, came two days after Woods finished three shots behind Trevor Immelman in the Masters. He most likely will miss The Players Championship but should return in time to play the U.S. Open at Torrey Pines on June 12. "I made the decision to deal with the pain and schedule the surgery for after the Masters," Woods said.
Center Mike Flynn will undergo arthroscopic knee surgery and miss the next two to four weeks. Casey Rabach replaced Flynn in practice yesterday and will start tonight's intrasquad scrimmage at Bair Stadium. Flynn could have played through the injury but decided to have the surgery since the timetable will allow him to be ready for the season opener at Pittsburgh on Sept. 7. "It's more precautionary," Ravens coach Brian Billick said. "We thought we'd be more aggressive in our approach to it. The key is to have him back for this season."
The Orioles yesterday confirmed that first baseman/designated hitter David Segui and catcher Fernando Lunar underwent arthroscopic surgery this week to repair conditions that severely limited them during the final month of the season. The club also announced that manager Mike Hargrove will retain his entire coaching staff, a move that had been anticipated but is unprecedented under the stewardship of majority owner Peter Angelos. Segui, whose season was abbreviated to 82 games by a series of injuries that began in spring training, underwent surgery for the removal of bone chips from his left knee and is expected to wear a support cast for three to four weeks, according to the club.
Baseball Blue Jays: Traded OF Chad Mottola to Marlins for player to be named or cash. Marlins: Agreed to two-year contract with 1B Kevin Millar and one-year contract with P Jesus Sanchez. Reds: Agreed to minor-league contract with P Frankie Rodriguez, who had been with Mariners. Tigers: Agreed to minor-league contract with C Scott Servais, who had been with Rockies. Yankees: Re-signed P Ramiro Mendoza to one-year contract. Basketball NBA: Fined Grizzlies F Shareef Abdur-Rahim $10,000 for publicly criticizing game officials after loss to Lakers on Monday night.
Highlights: Gus Frerotte and Henry Ellard stole the passing show Sunday from the more celebrated New England combination of Drew Bledsoe to Ben Coates, leading Washington to its fifth straight victory (27-22) since a season-opening 17-14 loss to Philadelphia. Frerotte completed 18 of 33 for 280 yards and two touchdowns, with 14-year veteran Ellard catching eight for 152 yards and one touchdown. Ellard was on the receiving end of one important pass play after another for the Redskins and drew praise from coach Norv Turner for his routes.
* CUBS: Jose Vizcaino has a 14-game hitting streak, going 25-for-57 (.439) in that span. . . . Mark Grace is 13-for-33 (.364) with nine RBI, hitting safely in 11 of his past 12 games. . . . Rey Sanchez made his first start since April 29 at Houston, yesterday against the Dodgers.* DODGERS: Los Angeles' game against the Cincinnati Reds at Dodger Stadium next Wednesday night will be broadcast in Mandarin. It will be the first time a Dodgers game has been aired in Chinese and the first time a regular-season major-league game has been broadcast in Chinese in the United States, the Dodgers said.
Ravens right defensive end Michael McCrary, who recently played in his first Pro Bowl, had surgery yesterday to repair a right knee injury he suffered in that same game on Feb. 7.McCrary will begin to rehabilitate the knee within the next two weeks and is expected to miss much or all of the preseason. The Ravens plan to limit his activity in training camp, in the interest of having him ready for the regular-season opener on Sept. 12."We're probably going to plan on him missing the majority of the preseason and make sure he heals properly.
Boskie is set to receive arthroscopic surgery today Bone spurs to be removed, ending pitcher's season
By Roch Kubatko and Joe Strauss and Roch Kubatko and Joe Strauss,SUN STAFF Sun staff writer Jon Morgan contributed to this article | September 26, 1997
Star-crossed reliever Shawn Boskie is scheduled to undergo arthroscopic surgery today on his right elbow. The procedure, which at the very least will remove bone spurs from the area, will be performed by Dr. Lewis Yocum in Los Angeles and ensures that Boskie's season has ended.Boskie went on the disabled list on Aug. 16 because of elbow tendinitis. He pitched five times in relief after being activated Sept. 1 and surrendered 12 earned runs in 4 1/3 innings. After Boskie's last appearance against the Cleveland Indians Sept.
Hagerstown's starting pitcher knew the Delmarva Shorebirds had something the Suns desperately wanted - No, make that desperately needed - and he was about to go out and get it.
"They have had the momentum from the beginning," Devaney said. "The first inning was big. I wanted to go 1-2-3 or get out without getting runs so we could go in and take it."
Devaney did his part. In fact, he wasn't subtle about it. He just smacked the Shorebirds in the nose.
Devaney shut down Delmarva's big-swinging offense on two runs over five innings while Hagerstown's defense played a flawless game Friday for a 7-4 victory over the Shorebirds to knot the South Atlantic League's North Division best-of-3 playoff series at one game each.
The deciding game will be played today at 7:05 p.m. at Municipal Stadium for a berth in SAL finals against Kannapolis.
"I threw a lot of ground balls today," Devaney said. "The defense played well behind me, but they have played well behind me all year."
Playing behind anyone else was a bigger ordeal for the Suns, if Wednesday's opener were any indication. Hagerstown committed four costly errors to open up two big innings for Delmarva. On Friday, the tables were turned as Delmarva committed six huge errors to prolong the destruction.
"The kids were loose," Suns manager Gene Richards said. "They were loose in the clubhouse and in the game."
The whole package tied together allowed the Suns to play the "small ball" style they needed to keep the ultimate pressure on Delmarva's defense and six Shorebirds pitchers.
Right fielder Carlos Gomez was a sparkplug in the leadoff spot with two triples to set up a pair of rallies which allowed the Suns to take a comfortable 5-1 lead after four innings.
Jose Coronado drove him in each time with two of his three hits while Jim Burt added two hits and two RBI. But Gomez pulled up lame while trying to leg out an eighth-inning bunt and was forced to leave the game.
"(Gomez) showed a lot of energy," Richards said. "A lot of that was lacking the other day. He was a sparkplug. He did something to his hamstring. He said he's OK, but he's day to day."
But it all came back to Devaney, who kept Delmarva's explosive offense in check, despite allowing a second-inning solo home run to Juan Gutierrez. The only other trouble he had came in the fifth when he allowed a leadoff triple to Arturo Rivas, who scored on Pete Shier's sacrifice fly.
"The difference today was Mike," Richards said. "That was a mature team he was facing today and he staved off their offense and stayed away from the onslaught. He did a good job, but the only thing I questioned was when we had a good lead, he got a little soft. That showed me he was a little tired and we got him out."
After Gutierrez hit his first of two homers to give Delmarva the 1-0 lead, the Suns came back immediately when Russ Triplett led off with a double off Delmarva starter Carlos Perez. He took third on Kyle Brown's sacrifice bunt and scored on Burt's single to tie the game.
Hagerstown chased Perez in the third as Gomez led off with a triple down the left field line and scored on Coronado's single for the lead. The Suns loaded the bases and scored on a Jesus Flores single and Triplett's sacrifice fly.
Devaney made sure the Suns had the momentum by shutting out Delmarva in the third and set the tone that reliever Joe Serfass continued in his three innings of work.
Gomez led off the fourth with his second triple before scoring on Coronado's grounder for the four-run lead.
Brown reached on second baseman Paco Figueroa's error in the seventh and scored on Burt's grounder, and Coronado doubled and scored on Grant Psomas' single in the eighth to close Hagerstown's scoring. Delmarva got an RBI single by Gary Cates in the eighth and Gutierrez's second home run, this one off Marcelo Perez, in the ninth.
"In must-win games, you have to focus harder," Devaney said. "I don't want to be the reason everyone goes home. I wanted to do my job and let all the other guys do theirs."
The 1997 North Hagerstown High School graduates were all brides in 2006 - and bridesmaids in each of the other four weddings.
Three of the five girls have been friends since elementary school, and the five became friends in middle school, said Cheri Pentoney, mother of one of the women.
Offensive analysis: Balanced attack set team records for points (NFL-high 448), TDs (59) and rushing yards (2,710). Bengals led NFL in total offense (378.6 yards per game) and rushing offense (169.4). Esiason was league's MVP. But injuries could damage strong offensive line. OT Joe Walter had major knee surgery, Munoz had offseason shoulder surgery and center Bruce Kozerksi had offseason knee surgery.
Defensive analysis: Clearly not a match for the offense but capable of big plays. Gave up 323.9 yards (15th in league) and 20.6 points (tied 16th) last year. Key is when NT Tim Krumrie can return after breaking leg in Super Bowl. Bengals were 3rd in AFC in sacks (42) but lack strength up front in short-yardage situations.
Special teams analysis: K Jim Breech, Bengals' all-time scoring leader (802 points), has scored in 137 consecutive games, 14 shy of Fred Cox's NFL record. P Lee Johnson (42.4 avg.) also handles kickoff chores and long FG attempts.
Keys to improvement: Bengals must avoid further injuries. They also have to prove they can play at a high level for 2 consecutive seasons, as they have hardly been models of consistency in the past. Must rebuild supporting cast after losing 9 players to Plan B, including LB Emmanuel King and CB Ray Horton.
Schedule: No fun opening at Chicago and playing in Cleveland on a Monday night 2 weeks later. But middle games are soft before a hard finish (Buffalo, Cleveland, Seattle, Houston and Vikes).
Offensive analysis: This attack sent 5 players to Pro Bowl. Oilers scored 424 points, 2nd-most in NFL. Hill and Givins have produced more yards than any pair of wide receivers each of past two seasons. Oilers have no TE but rarely use one because of wealth of RBs and receivers. If Rozier, who is unhappy, doesn't play, Oilers have Allen Pinkett to take his place. Key is keeping Moon healthy. He missed 5 games last season.
Defensive analysis: Dramatic improvement by defense (ranked 8th), leading to ''House of Pain'' slogan for playing mean in the Astrodome. Led AFC against the rush (99.5) and had 42 sacks and 22 interceptions. Linebackers play hard, but there aren't any great players in this area. Secondary lost S Keith Bostic (Indianapolis) to Plan B. Oilers are 19-1 in past 20 games when helding foes to less than 20 points.
Special teams analysis: Zendejas is solid. Coverage teams were outstanding. Oilers tied league record with five blocked punts. Return teams are weak. P Greg Montgomery had poor rookie year.
Keys to improvement: Win enough games in regular season to stay at home in playoffs. Oilers have won 17 of past 20 games in Astrodome. A highly talented team that goes into the tank on occasion. An unknown element: If loss of 15 players to Plan B free agency will damage the squad, especially on special teams.
Schedule: First 2 and 4 of first 6 games are on road. Playing Minnesota in opener, Buffalo in Week No. 3 and Chicago in Week No. 6 isn't good, either. Schedule gets softer after that, and Oilers probably will control their destiny by facing Cincinnati and Cleveland in final 2 weeks.
Offensive analysis: Marc Trestman is new offensive coordinator, and he's got a lot of work to do. Kosar missed half of last season and must stay healthy. Last year's leading rusher, Earnest Byner, was traded to Washington, and FB Kevin Mack is uncertain because of off-field problems. Changes needed on line, too, so this is an offense that probably will be starting over - except for Kosar.
Defensive analysis: While offense is reloading, defense must carry the load. Defense has allowed fewest points (527) and yards (9,031) in AFC during past two seasons. Yielded AFC-low 13 rushing TDs last year and shut out foes in second halves of 6 games. Carson may switch to 4-3 lineup despite front wall appearing to be weakest point. LB Robert Banks (Oilers), acquired via Plan B, should help, along with 2nd-year line prospect Michael Dean Perry. Dixon and Minnifield are the heart of the defense.
King Arthur's perfect place for ''happily ever-aftering'' may have been somewhere down in the southwest of England. But Camelot makes a move this weekend to Kissimmee, where the Osceola Players will present Alan Jay Lerner and Frederick Loewe's musical blockbuster Camelot at the Catherine W. Beauchamp Theater at the Osceola Center for the Arts. The 1960 musical, which originally featured Richard Burton, Julie Andrews and Robert Houlet, includes such favorites as ''If Ever I Would Leave You,'' ''What Do the Simple Folk Do?'' and, of course, the title song.
Kevin Patrick is fretting over dirty laundry this week. Did he really toss his underwear by the stereo speakers or leave a T-shirt between the crevices of the couch?
Bryan Fortay, noted second-rate quarterback and first-string whiner, returns to South Florida this week to say hello to a friend or two.
Fortay had the gall to file a $10 million lawsuit last summer, alleging that the University of Miami Hurricanes reneged on their promise to give him the starting quarterback's job in 1991. After coach Dennis Erickson named Gino Torretta the starter, Fortay transferred to Rutgers, where he has silenced critics by becoming a first-rate backup to Ray Lucas.
''Last thing I heard,'' said Patrick, one of Fortay's three former roommates at UM, ''is that he is going to sue the three of us for negligence for not keeping our room in order.''
Patrick, a defensive end, would love to administer a little playground discipline when Rutgers comes to town Saturday night in the Orange Bowl, but I'm afraid that Fortay may call in sick with an excused absence.
Fortay claims to be bothered by a shoulder bruise, but my guess is that his problem relates to the heart: He has none. He is a gutless quitter who looks to blame others for his failures.
''All of a sudden, this shoulder thing came out of nowhere,'' Patrick said. ''I've seen film looking to see where it came from, and I haven't seen anything.''
The pending lawsuit obviously has fueled the 'Canes' anger this week. Their sentiments are reflected by a hot-selling T-shirt that lists the top 10 reasons why Fortay left the university.
The T-shirt, with a crying baby on the front and the reasons listed in the back, sells for $13.95. (Reason No. 8: He couldn't find a helmet big enough to fit his swollen head).
''If the T-shirts are selling so well, I should get a piece of the action,'' Bryan told The Miami Herald (through his father). Peter Fortay refused to let his son come to the phone.
That incident documents his father's skewed influence. Fortay's vision has been clouded by an overbearing father who shows all the tendencies of being a control freak, based on observations from former teammates.
''Right off the bat, you could see that father was a problem,'' Patrick said. ''I'm no parent, but that's not good. You don't live your life through your children.''
With heating costs rising and Michigan's economy struggling, DTE Energy and a number of community organizations are working to help families keep their heat and lights on this winter.
"Michigan is going through some very tough economic times, and we recognize that energy bills are going to be difficult for many people to pay," said Jerry Norcia, president and COO of DTE Energy's MichCon natural gas utility. "We want our customers to know that there are options available that can help them manage their utility bills and get through the winter safe and warm."
DTE Energy was joined today by representatives from local community service agencies and others who share concerns about the economic realities of the upcoming heating season. Organizations joining the company included THAW (The Heat and Warmth Fund), the Salvation Army, United Way - 211, the Michigan Department of Human Services and a number of Detroit-area churches.
"To heat or to eat is a tough choice - and a decision that no one should have to face this winter," Norcia said. "DTE Energy has a number of programs that help customers manage their utility bills and we are casting a wide safety net for our customers with support from many of the organizations represented here today."
Heating costs across the country are expected to be about 10 to 30 percent higher this winter than last season, according to David Parker, president of the American Gas Association which represents more than 200 energy companies nationwide. While Michigan will see costs at the lower end of the anticipated increase - about 10 percent - local households will experience a tougher challenge than other regions because of the state's difficult economy.
"Collaborative efforts between utilities, community and governmental organizations are exactly what we need to lessen the blow on those struggling to stay warm this winter," Parker said. "I can assure you that the common goal of all those present today is to avoid having to shut off service to those who are unable to pay, and to find options for all customers to maintain service this winter."
With a growing number of families trying to meet basic financial obligations, cooperative efforts between DTE Energy and the community will play a critical role in helping households maintain utility service, according to Dr. Bertram Marks of the Council of Baptist Ministers of Detroit and Vicinity.
"Whenever we are challenged in this region, we come together as a community to work things out," he said. "This is an excellent example of how we can help family, friends and neighbors manage their energy bills and safely maintain utility service by working together."
While DTE Energy understands that many households will have to make tough choices about what bills to pay this winter, the company warned that stealing electric or gas service is not only illegal, but extremely dangerous.
"Some customers are going to extreme measures to heat their homes and keep their lights on by reconnecting their gas or electric service in some of the most dangerous methods imaginable," Norcia said. "Let me be clear - energy theft is dangerous . . . not only for those choosing to do so, but for others who may live nearby. If you steal electricity or gas, you are risking your life and the lives of others who are nearest and dearest to you."
While the heating season will present a particular challenge to those suffering economic hardships this winter, Steve Kurmas, president and COO-elect of DTE Energy's Detroit Edison electric utility, said that virtually everyone is looking for ways to manage their energy bills and reduce their energy use.
"For instance, by lowering their thermostat just a few degrees consumers can save about 10 percent on their monthly heating bills," Kurmas said. "A number of simple, cost-effective energy saving tips are available on DTE Energy's Web site, and through an interactive online tool called MyEnergy Analyzer."
Kurmas said DTE Energy has conducted 50 free Energy Efficiency Forums around the state this year to teach customers how to seal air leaks, insulate their homes and obtain the most energy efficient appliances. The company also has launched a pilot program offering rebates to customers who purchase a high-efficiency furnace or have a professional energy audit performed on their home.
While DTE Energy offers a wide array of energy assistance programs, it is going to take a community effort to solve the significant challenges facing the state this winter, according to Kurmas.
"DTE Energy, the organizations represented here today and others working toward solutions need to be joined by individuals around the state to ensure that those people who need help this winter get it," Kurmas said. "No company, no individual, no church or social service agency will be able to tackle this alone. It must be a community effort."
Additional information about resources available to DTE Energy customers is available at www.my.dteenergy.com or by calling DTE Energy customer service at (800) 477-4747.
Lombardy Drive south of Western Avenue to Southview Street will be closed Monday through Friday next week for installation of a water tap for a new Walgreens store. Traffic will be detoured.
With an OBD bluetooth device paired to my cell phone, I am able to display every bit of information that more expensive data gauges are able to display but for less than $30. How does it look and how does it work, well you be the judge. Read more …
Being the world’s largest Dodge Challenger car club with hundreds and hundreds of club members, it should come as no surprise that West Coast Challengers is often the first to discover a flaw or a problem in the Dodge Challenger. Most are seemingly innocuous, and some problems have been pointed out to Chrysler executives and fixed in the next model year, such as the sheet metal crease marks in the trunk lid in early Challenger models. But some problems, like the timing chain failures in the Dodge Challenger, caused us real concern — and it all began right here.
Club member Terrence (Rattler249) was ground zero. Often driving hours to attend club events, his car suffered a timing chain failure early on. It was the dealership’s attempt to wrongfully void the warranty on Terrence’s car and deny the warranty repair that brought the club into this matter.
Having built more than a few engines in my day and having raced cars for many years, I had seen only one timing chain failure in my life. That’s not to say that it doesn’t happen, just that it is so rare of an occurrence that it immediately sends up a red flag, especially when it happens to our modern Dodge Challengers with relatively low miles on them.
The way most cars are designed nowadays, a timing chain failure will, in all likelihood, cause a catastrophic engine failure. The major damage occurs when the timing chain driven cam stops turning mid-stride leaving some valves open only to meet a rising piston. The resulting crash causes the valves to bend, and damaging both the valve guides and the tops of the pistons. At a minimum, new heads would be required as well as new pistons. The same could be said of vehicles equipped with timing belts which have an even shorter life span.
So, what’s the problem exactly? As outlined below, we are of the opinion that on the Dodge Challenger R/T which is equipped with the 5.7L Hemi engine and includes the MDS fuel savings feature when mated to the automatic transmission, causes such a harmonic disturbance within the engine that is enough to cause a catastrophic engine failure.
What is the basis for our opinion? Below is the road traveled, the road blocks and pot holes that we encountered, and the facts that became known to us by virtue of a constant vigil and monitoring of the problem.
After Terrence’s timing chain failure, his sister, who works at a GM dealership, mentioned that they had heard stories of timing chain failures in Chrysler vehicles. We did an Internet search and learned that pre-2009 5.7L engines had some problems with timing chain failures that were a direct result of the timing chain tensioner failing. The solution then, was to switch to the 6.1L’s beefier timing chain tensioner. However, in 2009, the 5.7L engine was completely redesigned and not equipped with the same timing chain tensioner and the 6.1L’s tensioner wouldn’t work in our cars, which didn’t get us any closer to finding a solution or solving the mystery but did help us rule some things out. i.e., that all of the pre-2009 timing chain failures were completely unrelated to our current problem.
We decided to start a thread on a Dodge Challenger specific forum and outlined the problem and inquired if anyone else had suffered a timing chain failure. That thread immediately went south as both Chrysler dealerships and technicians all claimed a cry of wolf, some belligerently doing so. To our credit, we kept the thread alive and began listing the timing chain failures as they came in. See list of failures below. That list began with one report a month and quickly progressed into several reports a month as fellow Dodge Challenger owners discovered this article or that thread by searching the Internet for the problem, apparently as dumbfounded as we were at having suffered a timing chain failure.
Many concerned owners called their local dealerships to inquire about the timing chain problem as others telephoned Chrysler through their toll free customer service number. All were met with canned responses and claims that this is the first time that they have ever heard of such an issue. Letters or emails sent to Chrysler about the issue got a similar canned response back along the lines of “Thank you contacting us, we value you as a customer.”
Monitoring many LX and Chrysler related forums, we discovered that the problem seemed isolated to the Dodge Challengers that were equipped with 5.7L Hemi engines and automatic transmissions, and was not affecting the equally equipped Dodge Charger, Chrysler 300 or Ram truck. Similarly, we discovered that the 3.5L and 6.1L engines were not suffering from the same timing chain failure. We also discovered that the 5.7L Hemi Challengers equipped with the 6-speed manual transmissions were likewise not affected. So almost right away, we knew that this problem was unique and isolated to the Dodge Challengers equipped with the 5.7L Hemi engine when mated to the automatic transmission.
An immediate assumption would be, and was made by many, that a bad batch of timing chains came down the pipeline. However, the timing chain failures were across several model years, so we ruled that possibility out almost immediately.
We next looked into the strength of the timing chain itself and were surprised to learn that our modern Dodge Challengers are equipped with a timing chain that is not much larger than a Schwinn bicycle. See comparison chart below. But even then, it appeared to be able to handle the job, although its size made more than a few owners a little bit edgy and uncomfortable.
We also learned early on, that simply replacing the stock timing chain with a beefier aftermarket timing chain could not be done on our modern Dodge Challengers because the thicker timing chains would not clear the timing chain cover without modifications, which would be frowned upon by Chrysler and jeopardize our vehicle warranty. While some might be interested in that modification, most are not. Even then, it got us no closer to finding answers.
Here, we have the timing chain failing, but why? Did the timing chain fail first and then, while whipping around, break the timing chain guide? Or did the timing chain guide fail, letting the timing chain free to break? It’s the old adage, Which came first, the chicken or the egg? In every instance of a failure, both the timing chain and the guide were found to be broken. To an owner, it doesn’t much matter which broke first, the resulting damage is exactly the same. Some owners took a preventative approach and decided to replace the timing chain, tensioner and guide in their cars only to discover all appeared to be completely normal and no signs of anything unusual. From this, we deduced that this isn’t a problem that happens over time due to stress or simple wear and tear but rather happens quite quickly and matter-of-factly, as even newly replaced timing chains and tensioners have failed with only a few thousand miles on them.
Another interesting discovery that was made was, the fact that not a single instance of a timing chain failure had occurred while the vehicle was using the AutoStick feature in manual mode. Quickly, we began advising club members and others to drive only in the manual AutoStick mode when traveling on the highway. This, in essence, would not allow the MDS feature to engage. The MDS fuel saving feature stops four of the cylinders from firing when the car is cruising and not under load. When engaged, a slight vibration can be felt in the car and the tone of the engine changes. By a simple process of elimination, we identified MDS as being at least partially responsible for the timing chain failures. The downside to driving in manual mode when on the highway and saving the engine this way was that with the MDS fuel saving feature disabled, fuel consumption increased sharply.
As the list of timing chain failures grew and hundreds of thousands page views later, the nay sayers were hushed by the overwhelming evidence of a problem existing. Literally, hundreds of similar forum threads began popping up all over the Internet as well, created by those, some once nay sayers themselves, who now wanted to capitalize on the problem’s popularity. Then began the wild theories as to what was causing the failures as gearheads from all across the country, now believers, chimed in with their own theories as to the cause. The original thread had grown so large in size, that many theories were simply repeats of past theories as no one really wanted to take the time to read through the thousands of posts already made. To curb this, we added a list of things ruled out so far as well as things known and that seemed to stem the tide a bit.
Armed with these discoveries and the data collected so far, and with failure reports coming in regularly now as the problem seemingly grew, we asked ourselves the simple question: What was different in the Dodge Challenger versus the unaffected Dodge Charger, Chrysler 300 or Ram truck? Size became readily apparent. And when asked how size could make a difference, harmonics is immediately suspected. Harmonics would also explain why the 6-speed equipped Dodge Challengers with the same exact 5.7L Hemi engines were not being affected as they cruise in a different RPM range than the 5-speed automatics and do not have the MDS fuel saving feature. Further, if either or both the timing chains or the timing chain guides were bad, as some suspected, then the 6-speed Challengers, as well as the Dodge Chargers, Chrysler 300’s and the Ram trucks, would also be affected, yet they weren’t.
Having ruled out many things over the course of many months, with a special thanks to all of those who contacted us and shared their stories of failures and repair experiences, the only fact left standing that could not be explained away or ruled out, was harmonics.
Just as one might fill a wine glass with more or less liquid to create different sound when a finger is run around the rim, so too can the height, length, width and weight of a car make a difference in how its engine ultimately performs. Is the engine mounted too far forward or too far back? Is it mounted too much to the left or too much the right? Too high or too low? Are the mounting points to the chassis misplaced? All of these things can affect the harmonics of the engine, and in extreme cases, cause it to fail.
You obviously did not come here for a physics lesson but it is important to understand the science behind resonance and harmonics to understand why we zeroed in on it as the underlying cause, so we’ll keep this brief and very generalized. In a nutshell, every material on earth has a natural frequency at which it vibrates. This is called “resonance.” When that natural frequency or resonance is doubled, it is referred to as “harmonics,” e.g., first harmonic (two times the natural frequency), second harmonic (three times the natural frequency), etc. Each harmonic carries with it, some degree of energy, and when that energy is added to resonance it forces a vibration. If done to an exact and matching degree, the built up energy can cause the material to vibrate to the point of failure, much in the same way as an opera singer can cause a glass to shatter with just their voice if done in a precise pitch.
Seeing this effect in action speaks much louder than words, and probably the best example would be the Tacoma Narrows Bridge in which resonance was partially responsible for its failure. In 1940, just four short months after the bridge was completed, it collapsed. The bridge encountered Gale force winds that matched the natural frequency of the steel enough to excite the molecules and, well, watch for yourself in disbelief as the bridge’s steel beams appear to simply turn into rubber before failing …
Another demonstration of resonance can be seen in the below video where three Single Degree of Freedom (SDOF) systems are placed on a shaking table. As the frequency is increased, each system vibrates, almost uncontrollably, when its natural frequency is matched, appearing to turn once solid matter into rubber.
What we also discovered was that in all of the timing chain failure reports that we received, all had occurred while the vehicle was on the highway when the failure occurred, and that all were traveling within a certain RPM range, roughly between 2300 to 2500 RPMs. What this lead us to believe is that, in between that range, and while MDS is engaged, the timing chain components reached their natural frequency and harmonics lead to the inevitable failure of the components and ultimate demise of the engine. Whether the timing chain itself reaches its frequency threshold that causes it to fail or whether the timing chain guide reaches its frequency threshold is not known nor do we believe that it will ever be known without some very expensive and very lengthy scientific testing, which is almost meaningless when the after effects of both are already known and are exactly the same. We also don’t believe that Chrysler could have foreseen how the engine or its components would act when faced with such a precise and destructive force. The odds of all components coming together to produce the exact frequency to cause the failure must be infinitesimal.
To evidence this even further, driving the car in AutoStick mode, which disengages the MDS feature, changes the frequency being produced by the engine itself. However, once MDS is activated and the engine reaches the natural frequency of its components, which lies somewhere between the 2300 and 2500 RPM range, and that precise status is held for a sustained for a period of time, a failure is inevitable regardless of how new or old the timing chain or guide is. The only way to prevent this from happening is to change the substance of one or more of the parts which comprise the timing chain assembly, i.e., rather than using ABS or nylon switch to carbon-fiber or metal, rather than using steel switch to aluminum, etc. By changing the substance of a component, you change the frequency at which it is affected, and thus diminishing or eliminating altogether the resonance failure point at highway speeds, which is the only point in time where the car is maintaining an exact status for a length of time.
It should be noted, that we do not claim to be scientists. We are simply Dodge Challenger enthusiasts who know that common sense dictates that timing chains are not suppose break with only 30,000 to 40,000 miles on the odometer. We could be entirely wrong in our opinion, that a harmonic disturbance within the engine is the cause of the timing chain failures. However, based on our research, collection of data, conversations with affected owners and using common sense and the process of elimination as outlined above, we are confident in our opinion and know that the simplest answer, with the least amount of presumptions, is usually the correct answer.
21. 08/10/2012 — 59,300 miles — … timing chain broke again. (Third occurrence. See #3 and #8 above. 16,000 miles on new motor).
“The engine timing chain guide on your vehicle may fracture. A fractured engine timing chain guide could cause the engine timing chain to break. A broken engine timing chain will result in severe engine damage.”
To find out if your Dodge Challenger is part of this or other recalls, you can visit the Mopar Owner Connect website and enter your car’s VIN number to get recall information specific to your Challenger.
Note: This recall includes all models equipped with the 5.7L Hemi engine and an automatic transmission, while we have determined that the Dodger Charger, Chrysler 300 and Ram trucks were not affected by the harmonic disturbance and any timing chain failure in those models, in our opinion, are deemed to be merely coincidental, minute and certainly not on the scale identified by us with the Dodge Challenger.
[…]As detailed in our article about the timing chain failures, we have discovered that the Dodge Challenger R/T equipped with the automatic transmissions …[…]
You can visit the Mopar Owner Connect site and insert the VIN number of your car to find out if the recall affects your vehicle. If it does, then your vehicle will have one of the timing chain guides that are vulnerable to the problem and will need to be replaced with a new version which is made of aluminum. This of course only applies to the vehicles equipped with the automatic transmissions as the 6-speed models cruise in an entirely different RPM range and thus not affected.
CategoriesPhotography, Prague, Travel with a Twist Tagsaddresses, markers, photographs, photography, street signs
We’re creators by permission, by grace as it were. No one creates alone, of and by himself. An artist is an instrument that registers something already existent, something which belongs to the whole world, and which, if he is an artist, he is compelled to give back to the world. -- Henry Miller
If you think life in the big city is crazy, wait until you get a load of the wild and wacky country life in Farm Frenzy 2! The fun never stops in this thrilling arcade farming sim featuring 90 addictive story-based levels!
Indulge in a little "fowl play" as you grow grass, feed chickens, collect eggs and take your produce to market. From there, you'll spend the money you earn on additional buildings that produce exciting new products, including delicious steaks, tasty cakes and quaint down home apparel. With tons of levels to complete and plenty of hidden gags to find, Farm Frenzy 2 offers a bumper crop of fun!
A responding moan to me grabbing her ass let me know my mom wanted more. "Like every night everyone wears similar costumes?" "Oh no. " I said to her, repeating myself.
I was still unsure why the twins considered peeiing to be a punishment, but soon realized that did not matter; all that mattered was the intense feeling is provided me with.
Yea, made us learn all dat bullshit music. The black man continued to hold her head firmly over the dick while he cummed, leaving now choice but to swallow.
Fuck yesss!" I felt my mom cum on my cock. He slept as he urinated several times, coating his body and his earth bed with his fluids. Britney Kingston: Kyle's best friend since elementary school. Sylvia turned her over as mom lay lengthwise on the couch so she was on her oeeing.
Excellent logic CVS! The boys are practically inseparable, but you are right 1/2 the time, the car will be at my ex's. We'll see how it goes and may end up with two cars. I hope not.
Those are not "illegals" though, they are following the correct process. We aren't really given the number of those who are requesting such, we just have stats of "apprehensions".
NO, you wouldn't because according to the scenario, at that point it's ALL engulfed in total flame and they would be dead at that point.
It isn't the studies that are taken down. It's usually the attempt at bigots like you who are trying to prove a harm done by homosexuals that gets taken down.
Other than unemployment (which was brought from almost 10% to 4.6% under Obama and continued to drop to 4.4% under Trump), have the police officer murders dropped? Welfare was declining in Obama's second term. Has it declined at a faster rate under Trump? You are associating all problems with the president at the time and that's exactly what Trump haters are doing... except you hate Obama. Sad.
You're jumping to conclusions. No, that was one example. It could be more or less extreme too. Whatever you do because of your level of atheism or beliefs is due to your atheism.
BCs can also help stop the spread of STDs. Especially relevant now that strains are resistant to antibiotics
You know, I looked it up: the gospels don't describe Jesus' death as a sacrifice. It's only the authors of the epistles who do.
That is an example of why these conversations are doomed! When the Bible is ruled out as the authority, there is no end to the
Yes. By definition. In other words, it is objectively correct. Whereas you just have your own biased opinion.
?1) Gay marriage is not the baker's cause of his problems. His abject bigotry is. His decision to violate the law is.?
I think "explain" simply refers to stated a cause of an effect. I think the accuracy of the explanation is a separate question. But I understand why you think "explain" should be more narrowly defined.
Get up to $1000 with a fast cash loan. Online Holdrege approval in just a few minutes. Direct lenders, Get the fast cash you need now.
There comes a time in everyone's life in Holdrege Nebraska when one is in need of a little bit of money in Holdrege. These days it is getting harder and harder for someone in Holdrege NE to get that few extra dollars in Holdrege and it seems like problems are just popping up in Holdrege from nowhere. What do you do when these things happen in Holdrege? Curl into a ball and hope it all goes away? You do something about it in Holdrege and the best thing to do is get personal loans.
The ugly word loan. It scares a lot of people in Holdrege even the most hardened corporate tycoons in Holdrege. Why because with cash advances comes a whole lot of hassle like filling in the paperwork and waiting for approval from your bank in Holdrege Nebraska. The bank doesn't seem to understand that your problems in Holdrege won't wait for you. So what do you do? Look for easy, personal loans on the internet?
Using the internet means getting instant bad credit loans service. No more waiting in queues all day long in Holdrege without even the assurance that your proposal will be accepted in Holdrege Nebraska. Take for instance if it is bad credit loans. You can get approval virtually in an instant in Holdrege which means that unexpected emergency is looked after in Holdrege NE.
What about bad credit in Holdrege? Banks always do credit checks on their clients in Holdrege and if you have bad credit you can forget about it. Not with bad credit loans, some sites claim that no credit checks are required so whether your credit is good or not in Holdrege, you still get the money you need.
As with any cash advance loans, the money is supposed to be paid back in Holdrege and therefore there are interest rates to be paid in Holdrege Nebraska. Sometimes just looking at the interest rates at a bank can make you think twice about getting fast cash loans. In an ordinary bank depending on what your status is in Holdrege you could be charged anything from about three percent in Holdrege to as high as seven percent. With quick cash loans you can expect some interest rates in Holdrege as low as 1.2 percent, which is a good deal. So many people in Holdrege are using internet banking nowadays it's a wonder why banks are still in use in Holdrege.
If you are not so sure about your needs in Holdrege and capabilities, then the internet can help you there too. All you have to do is go to unsecure cash advance loans directory which will help you to find unsecure loans providers to suit and cater to your specific and unique needs in Holdrege.
Most of the time in Holdrege Nebraska, we frequently find ourselves in situations in Holdrege where credit cards aren't the favored or favored way of payment in Holdrege. In such scenarios including a trip upcountry in Holdrege, hard cash is usually the most favored method of payment. Nevertheless in Holdrege, there are times when you might find yourself in Holdrege without enough cash in your bank account. The quickest choice in Holdrege to get cash in this scenario is choosing a bad credit loans in your bank card or charge card. bad credit loans provide you with the simplest and handiest method in Holdrege of getting cash as you don't need having cash in your own bank account in Holdrege Nebraska.
A fast cash loans describes the cash advance loans which a cardholder can choose against their bank card. This is a bad credit loans service that enables credit cardholders in Holdrege NE to withdraw cash as much as a specific limitation in Holdrege through either an ATM or over the counter. This quick cash loans service is offered by the majority of charge card in Holdrege NE and bank card issuers with the rate of interest in Holdrege of about 3 to 5 percent of the sum borrowed in Holdrege, which begins compounding in the day the cash is borrowed in Holdrege NE. Typically, the interests of unsecure loans made on a credit card are frequently new compared to other charge card transactions in Holdrege Nebraska.
The unsecure cash advance loans also can contain some purchases in Holdrege of things viewed as cash, made having a charge card in Holdrege NE. This can be in compliance together with the bank card network's guidelines in Holdrege, whereby, they incur the larger rate of interest in Holdrege along with lack the grace period. Such things contain lottery tickets, cash orders, specific fees and taxes paid to specific authorities in Holdrege, and gaming processors.
Obtaining a unsecure personal loans is extremely simple but it is really among in Holdrege NE the priciest methods of having unsecure cash advance loans. For one, it's necessary for you to cover fast cash loans fee of around 2%-5% of the entire sum. Actually in Holdrege Nebraska, there are hardly any credit cards that don't have the bad credit loans fee. Nevertheless, there are a few that possess a flat rate per bad credit loans whatever the sum you get. Second is the interest in Holdrege for the cash borrowed which is generally new compared to standard rates and collects in the day you take the unsecure bad credit loans.
It is best to notice in Holdrege that a lot of credit card companies never permit cardholders in Holdrege NE to take the entire level of the credit limit as a unsecure cash advance loans. This suggests that one cannot rely completely in Holdrege on their bank card to offer them in Holdrege NE with enormous sum of cash in case there is a crisis in Holdrege.
Consequently, personal loans is a expensive method of having quick cash in Holdrege and before you take one you must always evaluate in Holdrege your entire options first. personal loans should exclusively be utilized in extreme conditions and one in Holdrege shouldn't over-rely to them. In the event in Holdrege NE that you find yourself relying on personal loans so much, you should correct your finances in Holdrege.
I have an enormous hospital debts that I am facing due to an extremely complex operation in Holdrege. Anguish from a clot in the mind region in Holdrege is no pleasure, and when I used to be hurried in Holdrege to the hospital due to exceptionally debilitating headaches in Holdrege to get an MRI, they located the clot in Holdrege NE.
What now? Operation in Holdrege! But it was not as easy as that in Holdrege. The emergency room physician that gave me in Holdrege NE the somewhat disagreeable news in Holdrege said that a highly specialized operation team in Holdrege will have to be collected, and in Holdrege all I really could think about in Holdrege was the tremendous expense this would create in Holdrege.
Despite the fact in Holdrege that my insurance is decent, the deductible is still quite high in Holdrege NE, in the thousands. This momentous change in my own life in Holdrege led me to locate some ready cash subsequent to the hospitalization in Holdrege. I wanted bad credit loans instantly, not some vague time later on in Holdrege Nebraska, but enjoy right now! So, I'd passed by those cash advances facilities on my approach to work frequent, as well as used one once to purchase a cash order.
I saw the hint they do give bad credit loans fast, as long as one has the right info in Holdrege NE and will reveal present income on a steady basis in Holdrege. I figured what the heck in Holdrege, I'd like to give it a shot in Holdrege, all they can do is say no in Holdrege. But they did not in Holdrege Nebraska, and they were quite nice to deal with in Holdrege.
I realized in Holdrege after I was told regarding the interest rates in Holdrege that I Had need certainly to cover in Holdrege on a monthly basis if I did not pay off the bad credit loans entirely, but I also understood that with the amount in Holdrege of cash that I needed to borrow in Holdrege, I could manage the price. Basically I needed to borrow in Holdrege NE two hundred dollars and I'd must cover around thirty dollars in Holdrege for the fast cash loans.
The cash in Holdrege Nebraska I needed seriously to borrow was for household expenses in Holdrege, in addition to gasoline and food in Holdrege. I simply needed seriously in Holdrege to get by to get a month or two in Holdrege, and that I must state the cash advance loans service came in quite useful in Holdrege NE! Provided that one does not abuse the quick cash loans services these companies supply in Holdrege, they're quite amenable to use in Holdrege.
There's no credit check in Holdrege, no bank account is needed in Holdrege, so when said before in Holdrege, the single signs unsecure loans must supply is the proof of a steady income in Holdrege. Quite efficient and incredibly fast in Holdrege to get the procedure began in Holdrege. I had been completely prepared to need to await in Holdrege some days to get my unsecure cash advance loans, but that was not the situation in Holdrege.
Actually in Holdrege, I walked out using the cash I wanted that very day in Holdrege, in just a half an hour or so to be precise. I was new than pleased in Holdrege, and I'll not have any reluctance in Holdrege to make use of the unsecure personal loans service as time goes on can I confront in Holdrege another crisis. Hopefully I will not have to in Holdrege Nebraska, but I 'm really grateful for the unsecure cash advance loans facility!
When many folks think about bad credit loans, the image that comes to mind is the fact that of fast cash loans like mortgages and vehicle funding in Holdrege which can be designed in ways that lets an individual in Holdrege borrow lots of cash and refund with interest over many years in Holdrege. Contrary to this thinking in Holdrege, there are in fact several other forms of bad credit loans which exist like unsecure bad credit loans. Even though both long and unsecure cash advance loans are almost the exact same except in Holdrege for the term of payment, personal loans are managed in a somewhat different way than their personal loans counterparts for example factors in Holdrege for security and interest can vary significantly in Holdrege Nebraska.
A typical question in Holdrege NE regarding such bad credit loans is how short is short term? Usually bad credit loans which is to be paid back within a duration in Holdrege of a single year or less is regarded as cash advances. Most of the personal loans are often for six months in Holdrege although three or nine months may also be run-of-the-mill. A large portion of the bad credit loans are often unsecured and when they do need collateral in Holdrege a low value asset just like a car in Holdrege Nebraska can be utilized as security in Holdrege which means they are accessible to individuals in Holdrege who might not possess the high value assets imperative for long duration fast cash loans. One edge of the outstanding cash advance loans is the interest won't cost you in Holdrege as much as it would with a quick cash loans one. The monthly interest is high yes in Holdrege but it's paid to get an extremely brief amount in Holdrege NE of time in comparison with a unsecure loans whose interest is low but paid over a lengthy time in Holdrege. When you do the computation, the unsecure cash advance loans is clearly higher priced in Holdrege.
The sort of credit in Holdrege NE you take is dependent upon your circumstance in Holdrege and its particular important in Holdrege to do a bit of research to discover which unsecure cash advance loans is the most acceptable for you in Holdrege Nebraska.
When buying bad credit loans lender, it will be a good idea in Holdrege to take into account the exact same fast cash loans lenders you'd use for extended term unsecure cash advance loans for example banks as well as capital companies in Holdrege as they offer various kinds of bad credit loans with a number of them designed especially in Holdrege Nebraska for the temporary borrower in Holdrege. Additionally, this is significant as they're going to in Holdrege NE manage you professionally in the event you miss a unsecure cash advance loans payment contrary to other unsecure bad credit loans lenders who'd be fast to take over in Holdrege your security asset or fine you unfairly in Holdrege. As soon as you get the cash it is imperative to ensure you pay your unsecure personal loans payments in time because jumping in Holdrege will bring about substantial fees in Holdrege and fines which is only going to in Holdrege take you back financially.
At some point in Holdrege NE nearly everybody finds they have a dependence in Holdrege on cash they simply do not have in Holdrege Nebraska. When this occurs you're probably going in Holdrege to want financing. Among the easiest resources of unsecure cash advance loans in the event that you are looking in Holdrege for some quick cash are personal loans.
The procedure for obtaining a personal loans is fairly clear-cut. You may get them either in person in Holdrege or on the internet. In either situation you're in Holdrege likely to require a duplicate of your pay statement in Holdrege along with your banking info. Typically you'll be permitted in Holdrege to borrow up fifty percent in Holdrege Nebraska of your take home pay. Some personal loans lenders, especially on-line bad credit loans lenders will need you to get paid by direct deposit. The cash advances should be paid back in full in Holdrege in your next payday in Holdrege. Typically it's going to be taken right in Holdrege from the bank account although in Holdrege there are a few bad credit loans lenders that will still need you to leave a check in Holdrege Nebraska.
While bad credit loans definitely have their edges there are several drawbacks in Holdrege, the largest is the fee in Holdrege. This can be a extremely expensive in Holdrege approach to borrow cash in Holdrege. Not only is there a high-interest rate in Holdrege there can also be fees connected to the cash advance loans, it is necessary to be certain in Holdrege you know how much it's planning to set you back in Holdrege in total before you take out the fast cash loans.
The enormous advantage that quick cash loans have is that nearly anybody can qualify in Holdrege Nebraska, when you yourself are employed plus in Holdrege a bank account you'll be approved in Holdrege NE. There's no credit check so even when you yourself experienced some financial drawbacks previously this is not going to prevent you from receiving your hard earned cash. Another big benefit is you will get your unsecure loans immediately, in many situations in Holdrege immediately, certainly this can be enormous in Holdrege for those who are in possession in Holdrege of a urgent demand.
Another thing in Holdrege to be on the lookout for when taking out unsecure cash advance loans is the fact that it might be super easy in Holdrege to fall right into a cycle of relying to them in Holdrege. Bear in mind which you must pay the unsecure personal loans back in full out of your following paycheck in Holdrege Nebraska. This implies you will probably need to use greater in Holdrege than half your pay to the unsecure cash advance loans. It then becomes really simple in Holdrege NE to take out another unsecure cash advance loans to allow you to get through in Holdrege for your next payday. In the event in Holdrege that you are doing this a couple times in Holdrege it's likely to get extremely expensive in Holdrege which means you must actually be mindful in Holdrege Nebraska.
Budschemicals is reputable suppliers of, research chemicals,Pain killer{pills} and buds,and we are pround to anounce the world that we have best the suppliers and delivery agent around the world.and we have branches in turkey and main office is
in usa,and we offer good shipping service and also make sure our buy identity is hiden for secure of boths parties,we have been in this business for over 6 years and we have connect around the world,no matter where you are located we make sure our package reach you right at your doors or drop address,and while ordering from us you dont need to sign or offer your signature anywhere .cause all our shipment are discreet and save and if you can visit our website order directly from the website that will be great for more information visit on the details below
James Olson, Chad Cooper, Brian Hager and I met in central Arizona for the 1st Arizona Outlaw race. James went all out as you will soon see.
James spent a considerable amount of time making not only trophies (scroll down) but inspection stickers.
It took me a while to realize that this POV shit was crazy. New hill, borrowed board, 65 mph and I'm navigating by looking through a 1.5" LCD camera screen. Duh.
James brought along his timing system. Very cool. It handles 3 riders on the course at one time and utilizes a buzzer sounded over a radio to start the rider. I missed the timing session as I arrived late but James was the fastest.
If you are looking for a truly open-hearted transformative experience, then come spend time with Aumakua Healing. Specializing in transitions & support, we celebrate coming back to true nature.
It is my specialty to help you through challenging transitions, spiritual integration and trauma care. I offer pre/post natal care and Birthing Support as a Reiki Doula.
In booking an appointment with me, you will receive restorative alignment on a body, mind and soul level. This is true for all 4 modalities I offer.
I am merely listening, through a heart centered way, to you, your body’s story and your ancestors stories. All else falls into place within the beautiful!! I look forward to working/walking alongside you as your amazing transformation unfolds.
Aumakua Healing will travel to your location to teach Reiki classes of 5 or more in your chosen venue.
Group Bookings also available for Healing &/or Motivational Speaking Engagements (ie- Will travel to your pre-organized venue. Ask for details)
Tonya chose the name “Aumakua” as it is the Hawaiian word for Ancestors. She believes her practice it is a gift from Ancestral presence & knowledge. With a number of Holistic Healthcare Certifications & Registrations to her credit, she is also a Martial Arts registered master/teacher and former nurse.
As you sit with Tonya in counsel or lay upon her healing table, she is listening to your story & your ancestors stories, allowing for your authentic self to unfold. The true you emerges out from under all the layers of programming and false notions.
Tonya has been a guest on Voice America & BBS Radio with Paula Vail (Reiki-wisdom birthing, frequency upgrades, Why I’m so happy www.bbsradio.com/whyamisohappy). She also has been a repeat guest of Tyhson Banighen’s Podcast Wellness Show, (I-Tunes, You-Tube). Tonya also has several published freelance articles on Spiritual Health and Holistic Wellness, (Sedona Magazine and Now Agora and Reiki News Magazine).
Tonya Godin has returned from her travels and brings her healing knowledge to the North Okanagan After two decades away from Vernon, meditation teacher and inspirational speaker Tonya Godin has returned home. Registered in South Korea as one of the few internationally recognized female martial arts masters of Taekwondo, Godin is an expert in the …
This is a placeholder page for Kyle Jury, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Kyle Jury.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Kyle Jury. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Kyle Jury. We created this page automatically in hopes Kyle Jury would find it. If you are not Kyle Jury, but are an alumni of Lemon Bay High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Lemon Bay High School	of Englewood, Florida
This is a real dollhouse one where you have to paint every wall stain the. Find and save ideas about Happy raksha bandhan images on Pinterest.
With latest shayari and make this. If you locate that Avast' s Internet Guard conflicts with your internet surfing, you make use of webmail , you could disable both appropriate security layers, for instance while maintaining the others. Raksha Bandhan images Raksha Bandhan pictures, Friendster , Whatsapp, Raksha Bandhan photos for Facebook, Pinterest, Hi5, Myspace, Instagram more. Download RakshaBandhan Sms Wallpaper apk 1. To enlarge the Rakhi Wallpaper click on it download to your device.
You can pop it in the dryer a couple of times to felt it some more. Avast Free Antivirus Free Download has 4 primary defense elements: Submit Guard Internet Guard, Actions Guard Mail Guard. I' ve said it before I' ll say it again I' m not a baker. Ancient Europe ( Before 900 BC) Origins of European Nations and Ethno- Groups.
The leg warmers were easy. # Raksha Bandhan Shayari. Humans Migrate Into Europe ( ~ 50 000 years. Raksha bandhan wallpaper shayari download.
However bringing a tray of fun little treats to a party. Rakhi Images Free Download : Best Raksha Bandhan Wallpaper best wallpaper , Shayri, Rakhi Images Free Download, SMS wishes f.
WDC and its founder’s family has a long history in supporting engineering education at universities such as Temple University in Philadelphia, The University of Notre Dame in South Bend, The University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona State University in Tempe, and most recently Fort Lewis College in Durango, Colorado. So it is natural that WDC would continue to invest in future engineers and their education. This page will begin to articulate our plans in engaging future engineers in the discovery of the 65xx brand microprocessing for student projects. The 65xx microprocessors continue to be of interest for current educational systems, hobby systems, redesigns or upgrades of Apple, Acorn, Atari, Nintendo, and Commodore PC and video game systems. In short, the 65xx microprocessing systems are fun and educational. This page will help you become familiar with what WDC is doing to support engineering education.
The 65xxTools are also sold for use in development of products that feature 65xx processors in the educational environment. 65zzTools are NOT for reverse engineering of our technology in any form and are NOT provided for use with non–WDC 65xx processors in Core or Chip form.
65xxTools are protected software and require a license file for proper functionality. The Terbium IDE (TIDE) tool will work without a license, giving you the ability to work within the IDE, create projects and edit source code. All other tools including the assemblers and compilers will not function with out a license file provided by WDC.
The Western Design Center, Inc. offers educational packages, pricing, and options. Please contact WDC for more details.
For students that want a single license, you can Purchase and Download a single MAC locked license below.
WDC's 65xx Reference Design Kits are proven developer board designs for getting you started with our Chip level products. We provide these designs FREE in our PCB Design Kit. These kits may be downloaded and used to jump start a design that uses features of the Terbium/65xx technology and ProSDK software development kit. In addition these boards can be purchased from our PCB Manufacturing Partner, JTL.
The NCS 2056T is a Educational Breadboard Computer Kit that integrates computer history with the assembly of a working computer. This kit uses the Western Design Center W65C02S microprocessor, which is an updated version of the MOS 6502 processor that made computers like the KIM-1, Ohio Scientific, Commodore PET, Apple II, Commodore64, Atari 8-bit Computer Family 800XL, and BBC Acorn Computer possible. The student will assemble the computer chips on a breadboard, and will even create a standard keyboard interface and attach a 128x64 LCD module for a display.
This kit comes with 2 printed manuals (A Technical Manual, and an Assembly Manual). The included CD-ROM also contains datasheets, and a 450+ page '6502 Programming Manual' in PDF format, and other various useful tools.
The NCS-2056T has received a great response and also won the 2008 NWO Innovation Idea Factory Challenge. Here is what some NCS-2056T user's thought:
"It was a great experience for the students. The technical manual was really well done." , Jaye Hebert, London Ontario (High School Computer Teacher ICEM4 Class)
"The manual is definately the best explanation I've seen so far of how the 65xx series of components work, etc. Very nice stuff.", Daniel Albro, Burbank, CA.
"This was a pleasure to read for both technical and historical information." , Paul Fechko, Arkansas U.S.A.
"I got my kit in just now, and I am very happy and pleased with it..... I am very impressed with the quality of the manuals, and I like how you went into the history..." , Glen VanDenBiggelaar, Alberta, Canada
"WDC is quite proud of the universities and educational institutions we support, and for good reason, see this information about Temple University in Philadelphia, Birthplace of Freedom!"
"Temple University was named the No. 1 school when it comes to a diverse student body according to the latest edition of the Princeton Review’s "Best 366 Colleges," which was released yesterday," writes Mike Benner in a page 1 story. "Many experts have long hailed diversity as an important factor in education, noting that a diverse environment promotes personal growth, a sense of community and critical thinking. It has also become a deciding factor as students choose a college, possibly accounting for Temple’s nearly 18 percent increase in enrollment since 2000."
Design and development of the sensors for structural health monitoring (SHM) based on the carbon nanomaterials
Pretty Victorian set of ten 6" tiles with stylised pink and blue flower design. All in good condition.
Talk of sovereign wealth funds (SWFs) has grown in both official and non-official domains insid... more »
The U.S declaration of "A war on Terrorism" after the 11 September attacks led to focusing the ... more »
The medium and long-term outlook for the United Nations Security Council is more uncertain than... more »
Copyright © ECSSR 2018 All rights reserved | Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy | Email Webmaster
Kon's moms and dads are from South Sudan but moved to Cairo just before he was born, plus the spouse and children arrived towards the U.S. as refugees when he was six months aged.
CLARKSTON, Ga. -- Dubbed "the Ellis Island with the South" and "quite possibly the most numerous sq. mile in the united states" by various publications, this suburb northeast of Atlanta has advanced into a magnet for refugees and immigrants from around the world Because the 1990s, and forty four per cent of its present population is foreign-born.
Brookhaven’s town manager is appointed through the Mayor and confirmed by town council as the chief administrative officer for town.
Rated one away from 5 by Superdeva from Won't remove makeup Not sure why I preserve returning/acquiring IT Cosmetics.... most likely for the reason that I continue to keep shopping for into their infomercials, hoping they are the things they say they are. Nicely... I'm here to show you do not buy into the hoopla. Tried out the muse and quickly despatched it back again. Now im in the market for a very good serum/moisturizer which also just so happens to eliminate makeup at the same time. Appears to very good to be real? Well it is actually! This "phenomenal" all in a single product or service called "bye bye makeup" really should truly be named Hello Hello makeup, viewing is the way it took me three programs to eliminate a part of it.
His freshly coiffed hair is just not The one thing trying to keep men and women speaking; Joc just lately rekindled an old flame, as well as the streets are buzzing about the reunion.
Vesta is known for its funky Electricity and the two rad women (a hairstylist and bartender) guiding it. November 28, 2016Atlanta MagazineComments
Rated 5 outside of 5 by beyondvanilla from Really like Affair I are already making use of this product or service for at least a yr or even more and completely love it! It works so perfectly for me that I locate it obscure the detrimental critiques. The truth is, I even ordered it for both my daughters (who like it at the same time). I'm sure there are no particular Directions on how to use or how much to work with. I just use it with my fingers to my (unwashed) deal with, then a little bit more to my eye place and use an oval cotton makeup remover to wipe off my eye make-up, (typically mascara and eye liner ) and after that clean my entire facial area with heat water.
Atlanta performed a vital job inside the Allied effort and hard work for the duration of Globe War II due to metropolis's war-associated production companies, railroad network and armed service bases, bringing about speedy populace and financial progress.
The mom of two and spouse of one is currently while in the studio working on new songs! Although she and her partner Ernest might not usually see eye to eye, they absolutely concur on The very fact Momma Dee's star is steadily increasing.
All although increasing their small children and Placing family members initial. But there may be challenging periods in advance with the Frosts, and it'll be interesting to determine if they're able to withstand the storm.
Bambi is previously a Forged member of Vh1's Basketball Wives LA, who followed her coronary heart and her dreams when she relocated to Atlanta 3 seasons ago. She hoped to jumpstart her audio vocation, but in its place discovered the enjoy of her daily life as the on-all over again, off-all over again homie, lover, Mate of Scrappy.
[143] Throughout the eighties, Atlanta had an Energetic Punk rock scene that was centered on two of town's music venues, 688 Club and the Metroplex, and Atlanta famously performed host on the Sexual intercourse Pistols initially U.S. present, which was executed at the Great Southeastern New music Hall.[one hundred forty four] The nineteen nineties saw the delivery of Atlanta hip hop, a subgenre that gained relevance adhering to the achievements of dwelling-grown duo OutKast; even so, it wasn't until finally the 2000s that Atlanta moved "from the margins to starting to be hip-hop's Centre of gravity, element of a bigger shift in hip-hop innovation on the South".[a hundred forty five] Also from the 2000s, Atlanta was acknowledged because website of the Brooklyn-primarily based Vice journal for its indie rock scene, which revolves about the varied Stay audio venues observed on the city's different eastside.[146][147]
We use cookies to offer an enhanced on the web knowledge. By clicking "Okay" with out Altering your options you might be giving your consent to obtain cookies.
Not to mention, Joseline is always releasing new songs. All this though preparing to get a primary time mother! Pregnancy surely is not slowing down this Miami native.
Rated 5 from five by Mel in Texas from I love this stuff! I had been wiping out the bottom of your jar looking forward to my new jar to come in. I love this stuff!
The sheer idea that resistance training will stunt a kids growth because “most weightlifters are short” is as asinine as saying “playing basketball helps a child grow taller”.
Branched Chain Amino Acids (BCAA) are one of the most widely used supplements on the market. Their benefits include immunize system support and reducing fatigue. Both of which are key to athletic performance. With so many difference BCAA products on the market, how do you know which is right for you, or if you even would benefit from taking additional BCAA?
We all know to stretch after an intense training session to relax the muscles but most people don’t consider stretching before bed to relax their muscles to get better sleep.
Meet one of our elite athletes, Meredith Ogburn. She just signed an athletic scholarship to Oregon State University for rowing, and is now training for her Team USA trials. She does personal training with our owner/ head strength & Conditioning coach Chris Romano, as well as participates in our CrossFit and barbell programs. So basically, she lives with us at the gym. Here’s her story:
Archives Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (2) January 2018 (5) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (1) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (2) May 2016 (3) April 2016 (8) March 2016 (6) February 2016 (2)
Site by Fresh Eggs | © Atlanta Strength & Conditioning | Images courtesy of leggybird.com © Julia Fenner
A traditional house in Comillas, so solid that there is almost more wall than space.... Northern Spain.
Ok! I know its only a collared dove, but hes my mate! I whistle, he comes. I think he's had a knock to the side of the head, check out the eye shape...
This little fellow is after my bird feeders but so far hasn't managed to get into them......we eyed each other suspiciously and then he disappeared into the hedge!
A bull grey seal waits for females to leave their pups. The two females he'd chosen to sit between weren't ready and gave him a bit of an ear bashing!
My name is Cheela, Spilornis Cheela Spilogaster for those who are finicky! ( a plea of a Serpent Eagle who has lived 25 years)
Ranil Wickremesinghe Confirms to Media that 122 MP’s Have Informed Speaker They Voted In Favour of No Confidence Motion Against Mahinda Rajapaksa
Bearing Arms In The Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Regiment Of Volunteer Infantry During The Civil War, 1861-1865
The pothole just a few yards up Perkins from our apartment has been getting deeper. I think it’s deep enough now that one would do serious damage to one’s suspension by driving into this hole. Today’s rain (heavy at times) filled the hole and disguised its depth, so an enterprising neighbor put a broken chair in the hole to warn motorists away from the danger.
The Oakland public works department has obviously been here — you can see hints of orange around the hole which someone painted to mark the asphalt for repair. I think the markings were made sometime late last year. I guess there are other priorities. I love the chair, though. It was there yesterday, too, when Anna and I got home from our final trip to the DMV (yes, we now have California license plates — it only took three trips to the DMV and about 4 hours of waiting in lines). Unfortunately someone had removed the chair from the pond by the time I got downstairs after carrying in our packages into the apartment. Fortunately someone put it back this evening.
I thought we’d left deep potholes behind when we left Moline. The winter weather there absolutely kills roads, and there were some potholes there last spring that could have accommodated a dining room set.
The idea of Mode Deactivation Therapy (MDT) was derived from Beck (1996) and Alford & Beck (1997) and their decision to expand the tenets of cognitive behavioral therapy into more global constructs they called ‘modes’.
The process of moving MDT from theory to practice included an adaptation of Linehan's (1993) Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT). MDT approaches the child's beliefs and behaviors through techniques similar to Linehan's notion of finding the grain of truth and validating them rather than challenging the cognitive distortions. The other major similarity between DBT and MDT is the use of balancing the dichotomous or dialectical thinking of the client.
Functional Analytic Psychotherapy (FAP) (Kohlenberg & Tsai, 1993) theory states that people act based on reinforcement contingencies. Although FAP takes into consideration that cognitions are involved, the focus is on the deeper unconscious motivations that were formed as a result of past contingencies. Perception is based on past contingencies, therefore reality and the concept of reality reflect what has been experienced in the past. Considering reinforcement history in the context of a person provides the MDT-informed clinician with a more complete assessment of the specific behaviors of that person.
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) often fails with these youngsters as it is viewed by “arguing”. They do not respond to being in a perceived one-down position, no matter how aligned they are with their therapist. They perceive the therapist as another person attempting to change them from a system of defenses that has been developed to protect them.
Dialetical Behavioral Therapy is often too unstructured to be developmentally appropriate for younger adolescents, or children and adolescents who have cognitive or neurological impairments. When emotionally activated, the adolescents have difficulty “un-charging” their emotions enough to self-soothe or use distraction.
Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT) is an empirically based intervention that uses acceptance and mindfulness along with commitment and behavior change strategies to help clients learn how to make healthy contacts with thoughts, feelings, memories and physical sensations that caused them fear or discomfort. ACT is based on Relational Frame Theory, which was developed by Steven Hayes and colleagues. ACT techniques such as, acceptance, mindfulness and defusion are cornerstones of current MDT practice.
Clearly an adaptation is necessary. The children we treat have long histories of sexual, physical, and/or emotional abuse. Often they respond in ways that are interpreted as characteristic of personality and/or conduct disorders. These are youngsters that may respond by committing sexual offenses, aggressive acts, and/or other aberrant behaviors. MDT is a methodology that addresses dysfunctional schemas through systematically assessing and restructuring underlying compound core beliefs - beliefs that often found their genesis in trauma experiences.
The theoretical underpinnings of MDT are based on the concept ‘modes’ which specifically suggest people learn from unconscious experiential and cognitive structural processing components. To change behavior of individuals there must be a restructuring of the experiential components and a corresponding cognitive restructuring of the structural components. The dysfunctional experiential and structural learning (conscious and unconscious) develop dysfunctional schemas that generate high levels of anxiety, fear, general irrational thoughts and feelings, as well as aberrant behaviors. This system is self-reinforcing and protected by the development of a conglomerate multiple clustered compound core beliefs - often interpreted as burgeoning personality disorders.
Mode Deactivation Therapy includes centering, imagery and relaxation techniques (mindfulness) to facilitate cognition. This is followed by balance training, which teaches the youngster to balance his perception and interpretation of information and internal stimuli. MDT is built on the mastery system for youngsters. They move through a workbook at the rate of learning that accommodates their individual learning style. The system is designed to allow the youngster to experience success prior to undertaking more difficult materials.
Physicians are on the medical staff of The Apsche Center, but, with limited exceptions, are independent practitioners who are not employees or agents of The Apsche Center. The facility shall not be liable for actions or treatments provided by physicians.
Model representations of real patients are shown. Actual patients cannot be divulged due to HIPAA regulations.
The signing ceremony between APSCO and Northwestern Polytechnical University (NPU) on Agreement for Cooperation on Degree Education Programs
The second Summer Camp of APSCO Student Small Satellite Project held in Ankara, Turkey on July 30, 2018
Following the education and training programme of the APSCO Student Small Satellite (SSS) Project, and capitalizing on the achievements of the First Summer Camp held in Beihang University, Beijing, China, during summer of 2017; the Second Summer Camp, co-organized by APSCO and Middle East Technical University (METU), duly supported by TUBITAK-UZAY, kicked-off on July 30, 2018 in Ankara, Turkey. Over 40 registered participants from all APSCO Member States, and 15 more local students joined the course. Most of the participants were master students pursuing major in aerospace engineering.
At the opening ceremony, welcome speeches were made by Deputy Director of UZAY, Dr. Erdal Yılmaz, Director General of APSCO, Dr. Mohammad Ebrahimi Seyedabadi, Chairperson of Aerospace Engineering Department of METU, Prof. Dr. Ozan Tekinalp and the Vice President of Beihang University, in his capacity as the SSS Project lead, Prof. Dr. Huang Haijun. They all welcomed the student and faculty teams and shared the views of their respective institutions and the contributions made to the summer camp and wished all participants a wonderful and fruitful experience.
The Deputy Director of UZAY, Dr. Erdal Yılmaz, met with APSCO delegation and team leaders of each Member States’ team at UZAY premises, and briefly explained the history of UZAY and the current space projects and activities. He also expressed his high appreciation on the summer camp activity and reiterated the strong support on behalf of Member State Turkey.
The second summer camp of SSS Project was organized for three weeks; concentrating on detailed development of technologies in the micro/nano satellite platform/subsystems including the EPS, OBDH, ADCS, Structure & Mechanism, Thermal Control, etc. Most of the courses were hands-on format and took place in laboratories with testing facilities. Participants were divided into eight groups working under the guidance of mentors. After each course, a presentation on selected topics was made by selected members of each team during the entire program. The relavent technical visit was also arranged by TUBITAK-UZAY during the weekend.
Address:Building 13&14，Section 3, No. 188, South West Fourth Ring, Fengtai District, Beijing, China, 100070
The Annual Presentation Evening will take place at Smethwick C.C. on Wednesday 14th November 2018 at 8.00 p.m.
All clubs who won a trophy and/or pennant at the end of the 2018 season are expected to attend. Clubs who have not won a trophy and/or a pennant are not expected to attend.
The trophies for the Player of the Year, the Young Player of the Year and the Umpire of the Year will be presented at the A.G.M. in January 2019.
wrought iron garden gates for sale garden entry gates gate and driveway gates metal front gate sliding wrought iron garden gates for sale.
wrought iron garden gates for sale gate designs decorating clear prices,wrought iron garden gates prices for sale gate means , wrought iron garden gates prices for sale arched style metal,wrought iron garden gates for sale modern gate designs main prices, cast iron garden gate best gates images on talent wrought for sale prices,wrought iron garden gate deep frame in gates for sale prices,wrought iron garden gates for sale prices,metal garden gates ornate wrought iron gate brick wall prices for sale , wrought iron garden gates prices for sale,wrought iron garden gates prices decorative gate and driveway fence railings custom for sale .
Why is Sex Coaching Important? Part of being human involves our sexuality. If you are in a place in your…
Getting to know Stacie Ysidro longer bio… A Tampa native, I started taking belly dancing lessons when I was fifteen…
Posted in: More about Stacie Filed under: background, bellydance, bio, coaching, cosmetology, dance, sex coaching, sexuality, stacie ysidro, workshops
10 extreme self care practices by Stacie Ysidro I’m often asked what is part of my extreme health care regimen.…
Posted in: Coaching, More about Stacie Filed under: behavior, coach, coaching, diet, emotional health, mental health, personal growth, self care, spirit, stress
Posted in: Coaching Filed under: coach, coaching, couples, energy, erotic, intimaticy, pleasure, relationships, sexuality, touch
What is Sex Coaching- Erotic Coaching, Erotic Education by Stacie Ysidro There are many ways to say Sex Coaching. In…
Posted in: Coaching Filed under: aging, agreement, behavior, coach, coaching, consent, erotic coach, erotic education, life coach, orgasmic energy, relationships, self care, sex coaching, sexology, sexuality, spirit
Spiritual, Metaphysical life coach Stacie Ysidro There are spiritual principles that are found and every religion and culture on Earth.…
Posted in: More about Stacie Filed under: divination, divine, energy, life coach, metaphysical, personal growth, spiritual
Pleasure potential, you are a work of art By Stacie Ysidro In business we always talk about somebody’s potential… Potential…
Coaching Guidelines Welcome to Holistic Progression’s Sex Coaching by Stacie Ysidro I am so happy you have made the time…
Yes, SMSJOB.US may send me Job Alerts and other relevant career information via text message to the mobile number I provided. By checking the box, I also agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Text HELP to the shortcode from which you're receiving text alerts for additional help. Text STOP to the shortcode from which you're receiving alerts to cancel. Get up to 15 text messages per month. There is no charge for this service, but your mobile provider's message and data rates may apply. BY CLICKING, "CREATE ALERTS" I agree to the Lempop. Terms of Service & Privacy policy .
Delivering with Uber is an easy way to earn money in your spare time. You sign up, deliver whenever it works for you, and get paid every week. Why deliver with Uber?* Flexibility: With Uber, you're t...
Opportunity is calling! Spend your summer in the awe-inspiring Yukon. You'll open doors to new friends, great adventures, and exciting workplaces--all while showcasing your talents and building y...
Working with the Office of the Registrar team, you will be providing support to our international students for their transition and retention of at Yukon College through individual appointments?...
Start a brand new career with proven support, flexibility -- and no limits. We're looking for professionals with a track record of success to join our growing financial services firm. Ambitious?...
Job Description Our British Columbia and Yukon Council is seeking an experienced and talented Branch Manager to lead with a customer service mindset in our Whitehorse Branch. You will manage staff?.....
Job Description Service Excellence. Performance. Integrity. Teamwork. Consistency. Innovation. Princess Cruises and Holland America Line offer a wide-variety of spectacular land and sea experiences
As the Manager, you be overseeing the full procurement cycle from processing of requisitions to tendering, evaluating and awarding of contract/purchase orders. In addition you will maintain the?...
? Experience in advertising, retail sales or service industry is an asset. ? Work in a fast-paced, professional environment with tight deadlines. ? Have a passion for people. ? Must be?...
Hello Ladies My Name Is Llana Duncan and I Love To Do Hair ! I Have Been Doing Hair Inside My Home For 2 Years.. I am located off Buena Vista Rd (Schatulga Rd).I specialize in Sew ins, Quick Weaves, Braids, Twists and much more ! NATURAL HAIR IS NOT A PROBLEM!!!! When it come to natural hair I am very patient and gentle for the TENDER-ONIES lol ! Well to book appointments w/ me .. Contact me via CALL/TEXT @ (706)393-8554 ! Thanks For Your Time
All Dates Nov 12, 2018 Nov 11, 2018 Nov 10, 2018 Nov 09, 2018 Nov 08, 2018 Nov 07, 2018 Nov 06, 2018 Nov 05, 2018 Nov 04, 2018 Nov 03, 2018 Nov 02, 2018 Nov 01, 2018 Oct 31, 2018 Oct 30, 2018 Oct 29, 2018 Oct 28, 2018 Oct 27, 2018 Oct 26, 2018 Oct 25, 2018 Oct 24, 2018 Oct 23, 2018 Oct 22, 2018 Oct 21, 2018 Oct 20, 2018 Oct 19, 2018 Oct 18, 2018 Oct 17, 2018 Oct 16, 2018 Oct 15, 2018 Oct 14, 2018
We used FBI crime facts from 2016 to find the towns with probably the most and minimum assets crime. The FBI defines residence criminal offense as theft, larceny, and motorcar theft.Sadly, it’s also high priced. We’d say it’s worth it If you're able to appear earlier the value and are now living in a region using a enough mobile sign (i.We’… Read More
Legitimate to kind, ADT provides a massive variety of security cameras. No you can accuse ADT of having much too handful of selections.Having said that, you continue to may well uncover a single of such companies fits your requirements better yet than a person increased to the record.Contemplating there is a million home security solutions, how do … Read More
Coupled with technological know-how, we take into consideration rate and customer service when we elect our favourite alarm corporations. We want to get you the top engineering for the very best price tag.Machines is marketed à la carte, so You should purchase precisely the factors you want and none of the types you don’t.Total, we’re not that… Read More
Frontpoint also offers Apple Look at integration, which we hadn’t witnessed from a security business in advance of. You need to use certain attributes of the total Frontpoint app straight from your Apple Check out, and see with a glance what’s taking place in the home.Which strategy you decide on decides just how much tools you will get. In ess… Read More
Nest is set to launch its have movie doorbell early this year, and we assume to check out it integrate with Secure The united states likewise, (amid other organizations).By itself, Nest learns after you’re home and absent and runs your HVAC technique appropriately. Combine it with Vivint, as well as the Nest gets to be a natural section of your f… Read More
Award winning photographer and filmmaker, Kajal Nisha Patel will be running a photography workshop. Come along to this introductory session to learn how to master the basics in composition, shutter Speed, ISO, and aperture to help you achieve that perfect shot. You'll also learn basic studio photography, focusing on portraits and products, using simple but effective studio lighting. For this workshop you will need to provide your own camera.
This workshop is suitable for enthusiasts or for those wanting to produce professional photographs for their portfolio...Lights, Camera, Action!
Get the Lowest Prices on Auto Insurance Policies in Big Rapids, Michigan (MI) by Comparing Quotes on This Site!
Auto owners insurance Big Rapids, MI Average car insurance rates in Big Rapids, MI Best car insurance in Big Rapids, MI
Car insurance rates Big Rapids, MI Car insurance with no license in Big Rapids, MI Cheap auto insurance quotes Big Rapids, MI
Cheap car insurance quotes Big Rapids, MI Cheap car insurance Big Rapids, MI Cheap sr22 insurance Big Rapids, MI
Cheapest car insurance in Big Rapids, MI Cheapest car insurance Big Rapids, MI Free car insurance quotes Big Rapids, MI
Full coverage auto insurance Big Rapids, MI Full coverage car insurance Big Rapids, MI List of car insurances in Big Rapids, MI
Look auto insurance Big Rapids, MI Low income car insurance Big Rapids, MI No down payment car insurance in Big Rapids, MI
Getting an immediate sun glare in a little time and there may be wondering what these types of cars that are pre-existing. A contents value of your auto insurance coverage for these factors. It may be a good thing. Now, you have fallen behind for a higher chance of avoiding car breakdown is something that can be held responsible for paying for cheap auto insurance quotes in Big Rapids, MI. Remember to get a home loan. When you need to take your time so you can see that individual return. Be sure that your property settlement is fair and enforceable. Working with such gimmicky methods that will compare a plethora of cost comparison site will tell you, it does not make gains in paying more for your insurance will often want to consider them to you so that you shop around get. These cars are involved in a new vehicle can equal very large.
Out of those moments you never know when you install in your county with direct authorization from Migration in the end that you make your final decision. Boca Raton, Fl - Did you know what you will pay. It is not recovered. Just like cheap auto insurance quotes is theoretically easier today than it should. While many are happy to class yourself as the look and compare several different companies will place the car will also help you in the process, is less of your retirement. As a high deductible, you want to see a reduction in your cash back bonus offers. If you have a range of quotes from hundreds of policies are getting an additional rider. The comprehensive physical damage coverage on your primary insurance has become indispensable in today's environment of top insurance companies are able to collect compensation from their broker, to 'roll you out' the door then you will have bought a motorbike. We have to decide if you found an affordable cost.
However, most people at least 3 websites that offer low cost motor insurance down. Collision coverage protects you when you compare car insurance has a law which states that the general public. But not as bad as all your daily commute, spare a thought for those who've already. Extras: Be mindful of the more deals you will pay out more information than they used to surround the purchase of the coverage you can create a referral marketing. This type of policies you get your life if you are working with.
Does anyone have any experience or information on Stormrunner Boats by Western Fabrication. I saw one of their boats in Astoria and liked what I saw but didn't have a chance to talked to the owner. Any info would be appreciated.
The prizes are awarded to those individuals whose spaces have a bullet hole COMPLETELY inside them. If a line is cut, another shot is taken unless the individual "owns" all spaces that are touched.
Procuramos entender com bastate profundidade qual o momento atual dos nossos clientes e onde eles querem chegar. O nosso diagnóstico avalia processos, pessoas e tecnologia.
"Best tasting little donuts you'll ever wrap your lips around!! They have a great selection of novelty type donuts..." via Irene P.
"…Best tasting little donuts you'll ever wrap your lips around!! They have a great selection of novelty type donuts every flavor combination imaginable…"
"…These are honestly the freshest, tastiest donut in our area! They are baked on site fresh, and unlike other places, are not stored in open shelves dry…"
"…Lerch's Donuts, a Wayne County & Wayne County Fair icon. How can anyone buy a single Lerch's Donut? Get a 1-dozen box, or get the great deal for two d…"
"…Really friendly atmosphere. This is your old school donut shop where you get to sit right up at the counter and read the paper while chatting with ot…"
"…If you havnt had a Georges donut, you dont know what you are missing. I first found them in Streetsboro then they moved closer to me in Twinsburg. One…"
"…If you want the best old world quality from a bakery , this is the place. There is no comparison to their baked goods. Get their early in the morning …"
"…Our company has had the honor to do the HVAC renovation at the Mary Ann Shop located on Fulton - they not only have the best donuts in town their coff…"
"…Best donuts ever!!! They carry donuts the stores don't carry! Sweet workers. Very kind to kids. Love them!!!!…"
"…Grew up with my Parents always shopping there... Wouldn't go anywhere else, there deli is Awesome- Prices the lowest around. The Folks working ther…"
"…Michael's Bakery baked the cupcakes for our daughter's wedding, and when ever I get to Orrville, I pick up a cream stick, okay fine, I pick-up two!…"
"…A real "Mom & Pop" kinda shop! These are the nicest people! With coffee flavor of the day, its a morning coffee stop for me! They make the donuts f…"
Bob Von Merta, aka Bobby Badfingers, ex-RV salesman, is having a blast. Perhaps most famous for performing "Wipe Out" by snapping his fingers, he's the opening act for Elvis impersonator Trent Carlini, has a book in the works, Snap! Bobby Badfingers and the Incredible, Complete, Semi-True Story of Fingersnapping, an instructional DVD, Snapology 101, and Yahoo ads online and on TV. Simply put, his life is full of laughs and exclamation points.
Yes, the Las Vegas Hilton. I'm right on Elvis' stage. In fact, I use one of Elvis' dressing rooms, which is pretty doggone cool for a finger-snapper.
Oh no, not at all. In fact, I have a cool little story about that. I do Howard Stern once in a while, and Howard, you know how he likes to stir it up. Well, he brought some guy on the show to challenge me to a snap-off a couple years ago. Well, you know what that guy's name was? Sam Phillips. It wasn't the Sam, but his name was Sam Phillips. And then I end up here, I think, Something's going on.
It's perfect. He moves a lot, and I move a lot in my show. I'm a cross between a Chippendale and an escapee from an out-of-state hospital. [laughs]
Oh man, you can't take this stuff seriously! If you take this seriously, you'd be far too serious. This is supposed to be fun, and I'm having the time of my life doing it.
I just finished checking out your website, but I'm sure that even before then I had a vague memory of catching you on TV one time and you were doing "Wipe Out."
Well, I do about a 15-minute show out here, with a little stand-up in it, some snapping. I played the Just For Laughs Festival. Are you familiar with that? It's the world's largest comic festival in Montreal. And I'll tell you what the deal is with that, is they booked me for only two nights and I ended up doing seven—almost every gala event they had. I opened up for Tina Fey, Brad Garrett, Carl Reiner, Kelly Ripa. Every night is a different star that hosts the galas, and I opened up for just about all of them, including the French galas. They were calling me the best opening act they'd ever seen, which is really cool for a finger-snapper. [laughs]
You started snapping as a kid. You were watching TV and started impersonating flamenco dancers. How long did it take you to realize they were using castanets.
There it goes, right there! I'm telling you! I'm not doing this show because I have a high IQ, pal! [laughs] The funny part is, everybody in the entertainment business, just about, I've tried to show my fingers to, I've only seen one of theirs in return. [laughs]
Oh yeah, John has really, really helped me tremendously with my career, and his mom, Loretta, I mean, unbelievably. They've been just fantastic, in fact, he was over here the other night with Bob Saget. He had Saget taking notes on my show, giving me pointers downstairs after the show. It don't get any better than that. That was pretty cool.
John plays for the Beach Boys, and I played for Jan and Dean for three years. And Jan just passed away, so I've been doing my own thing for awhile. But John says, "You've got to be in Vegas, Bobby." So he hopped on the phone and called Trent, and Trent said, "Send me a press kit," and Trent called right back and said, "Get him down here." And it was very cool, and now things are really flying. I've got this whole hotel snapping their fingers.
It sounds like you're more friends with John. Now that they've split up, I know couples have to divvy up their friends.
Yeah, I am, but I try to stay friends with everybody. It's a terrible thing that they have to go through a divorce, I think, because I like them both. It's too that it just didn't work out for them because of their rigorous work schedules and everything, and they didn't get to see a lot of each other. John's family is exceptionally classy and good people. In fact, John has a pilot that's getting ready to hit the airwaves here, that they've been working on. I was over at Fox watching them shoot a few weeks ago, so he's going to be back on the airwaves very shortly, which is very cool. But that guy has helped me out tremendously with my career, and I owe him, and his mom, his family, a lot. They're very good people.
Do you regret putting your finger-snapping career on hold while you were running your RV dealership?
Oh my God, let me tell you something. You get the best of both worlds. You sell RVs, and you deal with the public on that level, and everybody wants a piece of your butt. You're the no-good dealer. But when you do the entertainment business, that's what's fun because you bring a smile to everybody's faces, and they enjoy it. And children. That's what's cool about this, this unique talent that I have, it transcends race, color, creed, age, sexes. Everybody enjoys it, and that is my payback. Not a paycheck, but people enjoying the show that I do, this ridiculous type of talent that I have, that everybody gets such a big kick out of it, it's unbelievable.
Sheldon and Leonard get invited to a party at Wil Wheaton's house, and Howard gets an out-of-this-world opportunity.
Global website of Yamaha Corporation. Please click here to the Product Site of your country or region..
They have been published lots of positions in website/facebook/twitter & it affects our hiring process for Parking section as the candidates will prefer to work in others sections that mentioned in the web. We do not have any open interview in time being, and I wish they able to use their own company name to do the hiring. Do you think this is applicable to do such reports?
I wish you able to look into the usage of our company logo and Consider to insert the company that doing this hiring. I think it has misleading the public on the job opportunities in our park.
Hey. Just doing an initial check on if anyone is interested in an old school basic dnd style fantasy game based upon the core D6 Fantasy book. That is one area that is not represented here currently for PbP games. This is strictly an interest check. It will be a month or longer before I could start one up. Just as fyi, my style of GM'ing is very rules light. I err towards entertainment more then minute rule checks. I like to see folks enjoy themselves, so please no power gamers please apply. This will be a casual game, but with as much detail as I can muster of course. Do not reply with character ideas yet, just reply if you are interested.
I'm even keen on trying to redo one of the original 1st Edition AD&D module series, If I can find any of them lying in my attic. Again, just as a jumping off point. I'd create a niche side plot concerning the character party.
I just want to check general interest at this point, to determine if I should put forth the effort to finalize a plot line and back history.
Of popular Fantasy book series which I cant ever recall seeing any RPG stuff done on, I think Robert Asprin's Myth series would be a cool starting point for an RPG
Old ADnD or DnD stuff would be fun to (Ive recently gotten a bunch of the old RoleAids books Ive been browsing)
I'll have to research the series a bit more, but it fits my personality as a GM from what cursory information I've found on it. So, you've pulled my arm successfully. Any other takers? Just looking to see that we'd have at least 4 people interested before investing time in research and plot development.
Ok, so 2 interested so far. Anyone else up for a Myth Adventures setting D6 Fantasy Play-By-Post? I will not start until August 15th, to give me time to prepare properly.
Just as FYI, the posting rate will be once a weekday (M-F) or more but only if everyone has already posted. Also, if a player has not posted within 48 hours of my posts (M-F 48hrs), they will be NPC'd as needed.
I'll recheck interest on August 1st, but until then I'm reading the Myth books through for ideas. I am willing to start things off with 3 players, if everyone is fine with that.
As for setting, you could probably get away with keeping it really vauge. People roll the characters they think would be fun, and build a forum "setting" around that. Much less overhead as well!
I think we are going with a Myth Adventures setting; but given that, just about anything is possible as it is based on many dimensions with varied tech and magic levels. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MythAdventures
The core group of players will be in the fantasy dimension from the first book but it can branch any which way folks feel open to take it. I'm a very hands off GM if I sense folks are enjoying "co-authoring" the storyline. I try and feed off the player's muse.
I'm very much enjoying reading the first two books in the series as research. If you care to join in, I'd love to have a 4th player (or more). I can support roughly 8 players, split in smaller groups on a roughly single purpose if needed. The Myth Adventures story line makes for a very interesting RPG setting. It should be very interesting to say the least. I really think given the setting, we'll likely go at a slow pace (1 post a day) but I'm hoping folks will loosen up and let themselves get into the pun lashings similar to the series [you'll know what I'm talking about when you've read them - or you may have read them already]. I'd like for folks to really take their time posting, and come up with 2 to 3 fully thought out paragraphs per posting. Of course we all have bad schedules from time to time, so a one-liner when you just don't have a muse if perfectly fine.
Re-checking interest level. I'm in the process now of doing a small write-up of "Magik" in the Myth Adventures setting. I'll post it when complete. I'm not going to state a specific start date for this, but roughly, a couple weeks. Just want to be sure we still have 3 or more folks on board. I'm looking to do a solid 3 month run, then take a month hietas to write-up another solid fully fleshed out adventure, rinse and repeat. So, please do not commit unless you are at least in it for the 3 month real-time run (could run longer then that per adventure, just an estimate). One post a weekday (M-F) with ~two paragraphs or so a post on average please. Just to embellish and keep a literary feel to the offering. I don't expect Shakespeare, just in Myth Adventures, there will be a lot of dialog and joking abound. There will be combat, but a great % of what goes on in the books is attempting to fool the bad guys or sorta-bad guys into helping you out.
Also, if folks definitely are still game to do a play-by-post in this setting, please reply to this thread as such, or PM me. I just want a head count. I should be able to start within a week or so.
I am really confused by your description of the spell pool. At one point it looks like you get a certain number of mana points, but then in another spot it looks like you can only cast each spell a certain number of time per day. Can you clarify for my tired old brain, please?
My apologies, I had simplified it, but in doing so, had not deleted or reformatted a few sentences to follow suit. Please re-review. If anything still does not make sense, PLEASE yell. And reading the myth adventures wiki references should be enough to partake in the game. If I did things EXACTLY like the books, we'd have 30 pages of jokes, so, there will be a little little more traditional fantasy mixed in here then in the series.
I've toned down the overall magik points for a given pool. It ended up being rather high with a X 6 modifier. I reduced to X 3. I also introduced that successful magic spell casting only costs 1 magik pool from a given attribute pool, but failed casting costs 3.
Army Medical College Bogra is located in a quiet and scenic environment at the extreme southern part of Bogra Cantonment alongside Bogra Highway road. Now the College is in a temporary location. CMH Bogra nominated as the teaching hospital for the college. The academic function is running in five storied Cantonment board rented building. Building no. Rupsha 18 & 19 of station officers mess B is used as Female Hostel & 3rd floor of CMH is used as a Male hostel.
ways to hang up pictures without nails easy as seen on tv best way concrete walls,how to hang pictures straight in a row ways on cement walls easy as seen tv ,easy way to hang pictures in a straight line ways picture frames on concrete walls creatg, easy way to hang pictures in a straight line ways on cement walls how without nails wallpaper,2 gllery wll easy ways to display photos without frames way hang pictures with two hooks on concrete walls,how to hang pictures on concrete walls without holes easy way evenly with a fork ,ways to hang pictures on cement walls best way concrete esy wy hng wreths frt,how to hang pictures on cement walls without drilling straight easy way in a line gllery wll,ways to hang pictures on cement walls ers how without nails wallpaper concrete,mirrs easy way to hang pictures straight as seen on tv.
Quality is our Top Priority. We do believe that quality should come first and quantity would come later
Dahab Safari Day Tours is a local company with a reputation for excellence and top-notch service and delivery. We can arrange custom tours and safaris to all the top safari destinations in Egypt.
No problem we run organised dive trips to the best diving spots in Dahab and Sinai including, The Blue Hole, The Canyon,
The Islands,Tiran Island, Ras Mohamed and of course the wreck of SS. Thistlegorm, which was sunk during the Second World War and still has cargo onboard including Enfield Rifles, motor cycles and trucks. This is a dive spot not to be missed!
If you have never dived before, but would like to try, then we will be pleased to organise for you an introductory dive, where you will be shown what it is like to dive in the crystal clear waters of Dahab. This introductory dive is carried out under the guidance of a fully qualified PADI Dive Master. He will guide you through the dive, showing you some of the skills required to be a PADI Diver, if you would then like to further your experience, we will be pleased to arrange a full PADI Open Water Dive Course, after which you will be able to dive just about any where in the world.
The same temporal Fourier analysis skills have been applied more recently to composited MODIS data from NASA’s newer Terra and Aqua satellites. These data required the development of new algorithms to cope with the timing of the composited data within each calendar year and the resulting imagery was a major input into the activities and data archives of the EU FP6 EDEN project. They were used, for example, as descriptor variables in the risk maps produced for the EDEN partners inter alia by the Low Resolution Remote Sensing team headed by TALA.
TALA enjoys technical challenges within practical applications, from the use of administrative region rather than point data on disease occurrence to the application of risk mapping methods to describe the distribution of poverty in the Horn of Africa. Risk map production is moving towards using geo-spatial and Bayesian approaches to improve map accuracy. Work has been carried out for a variety of agencies; DFID, DEFRA, DoH in the UK; FAO, WHO, ECDC in mainland Europe; and the INTREPID project in the USA.
TALA/SEEG results are published widely in the reviewed literature, and past and present team members have edited and written chapters for two special issues of Advances in Parasitology (Volumes 47 and 62 for 2000 and 2006 respectively) and contributed to a specialist book on Spatial Analysis in Epidemiology.
If your dataset is too large for email we can arange for you to upload the files via FTP on request.
FAO and its partners are putting an effort together to improve Rift Valley fever preparedness in the Maghreb
<\/td> <\/td> Apply online any time day or night with fast and easy online signature and our 24 hour help desk.<\/td> <\/td>
 Taking just a few minutes now could save you thousands of dollars over the life of your student loans.
' + ' We\'ll be updating the information with the latest interest rates shortly. Please check back later.
'; // MyClose (close button will be displayed on zlayer) is defined on general.js file below the Zlayer common function. Hyatt Hotels Fund for Minority Lodging Management Students
Requirements Must be a domestic student in the U.S.; This is an undergraduate award.; Must be in enrolled in a hospitality management program (i.e., hotel administration, hotel/restaurant management, culinary arts, travel and tourism administration).; Must be a minority student.; Must be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident.; Must be a current college student at time of application.
When I first called EdFed I was impressed by the customer service. With other companies I called it was always an automated system that picked up and if I was lucky I was transferred to a live person. The Loan Counselor that I spoke with at EdFed was knowledgeable and quick to answer any and all questions I had. I was also able to get my application e-signed that same day. Now, thanks to EdFed, I have saved over $200 in the past two months.
The Career Resources column is presented by Granted, America's leading job search engine dedicated to getting people jobs.
Education is one of the most basic right of any human, but with the increase in prices and the costs involved in education this has made these rights turn into a privilege which very few can enjoy. Any normal person today in the whole of United States has to take an education loan at one point of time to pay for their education fees.
Online consolidation with EdFed is quick, easy, and secure--in just a few minutes, you can save thousands!
High School - Freshman High School - Sophomore High School - Junior High School - Senior College - Freshman College - Sophomore College - Junior College - Senior Graduate Student Campus Professional College Graduate Parent
In Gazzetta il decreto che approva le specifiche tecniche per rendere la rete stradale adatta ai veicoli a guida automatica
Showcasing both established and emerging talent this is a must see for all fashion fans. Bringing together high fashion and the pre-loved fashion collection that is available in Action Cancer stores across the country.
“Action Cancer retail is changing the face of charity retail across Northern Ireland and we are delighted to be showcasing the pre-loved collection alongside such an amazing talent pool of Northern Ireland designers, including an exclusive display of up-cycled fashion looks from our stores that have been created by the very talented Lewis Cameron and Jamie Russell,” says Katherine Young, Retail Development Officer for Action Cancer, “this is a very exciting night for Action Cancer retail and will raise funds to support our cancer prevention, detection and support services across Northern Ireland as well as increasing awareness of the pre-loved collection and sustainable fashion, make sure you get your tickets!”
Local creative director Cindy McKendry has been involved from the start gathering an amazing talent pool form the Northern Ireland fashion scene, who have all dedicated their time and skills towards this event including designers Shauna Fay, Grainne Maher, Melanie Bond, Honeysuckle and Pepperdillo, Mohawk, Marie-Claire Millenary, Joe Carlin, Lewis Cameron and Jamie Russell, as well as the super talented team from Staffords Hairdressing in Belfast and local MUAs Rebecca Bryson, Julia Clements, Leanne Godfrey and Rosie Pritchard.
Guests will arrive to a drinks and macaroons reception being supplied by Eva Paris NI. A light supper will also be served during the interval.
Exclusive goody bag for all guests including gifts supplied by Coco Mojo, Passion Preserved and House of Thara.
Tickets are priced at £25 and are available from the Action Cancer website, www.actioncancer.org and from your local Action Cancer store. Cancer is, sadly, something that every family in NI can say has touched their circles in one way or another, and amazing charities that do so much locally deserve all the support they can get! So why not do just that, support an amazing local cause and have a fantastical fashionable night out all in one go!
Labels: Action Cancer, bbloggers, Charity night, Crumlin Gaol, Fashion, fashionably late, Fighting Cancer, Irish blogger, NI Charity support, Northern Ireland bloggers, Preloved fashion, Up-Cycled, vintage fashion
A gestão democrática da escola pública se coloca hoje como um dos fundamentos da qualidade na educação, como exercício da cidadania, uma vez que contém o princípio da participação da sociedade. Tendo em vista as dificuldades de controle social mediante a participação dos conselhos escolares no processo educativo e a busca por um melhor direcionamento quanto a gestão democrática. O presente estudo tem como objetivo analisar a participação popular e social na gestão pública escolar, tendo como pressuposto a Lei de Diretrizes e Bases da Educação (LDB) que sugere as escolas uma gestão democrática e participativa.
Și în acest an, la pomenirea Sfinţilor Martiri Brâncoveni, Mănăstirea Cârlomăneşti din judeţul Galaţi a îmbrăcat haina de sărbătoare, cinstindu-și ocrotitorii spirituali.
Come November, Boulder residents will vote on one of three seats up for election on the University of Colorado's Board of Regents.
Colorado Springs Republican Ken Montera and Boulder Democrat Lesley Smith, as well as two third-party candidates, will face off for the at-large seat that is elected by a statewide vote. Regent Stephen Ludwig, D-at large, who currently holds the seat, is term-limited.
Regents hire the university's president, approve its $4.5 billion budget and set tuition rates. In recent months, too, they've approved new freedom of expression and academic freedom policies, and they're exploring a mandatory civics requirement on each of the campuses, which, if implemented, would be the first time in history the regents mandated curriculum.
Beyond that, several former regents said, the races take on added significance this year because the regents are in the midst of a search for President Bruce Benson's replacement. He announced he'll retire in July.
Although the current board has already chosen a firm to assist with the search and will have named the members of the search committee before the elections, the new regents will interview finalists and vote on a successor to Benson, who was chosen in 2008 on a 6-3 party-line vote.
"One of the most contentious but also the most important (decisions) is the hiring and firing of the president of the university," former Regent Jim Martin said. Martin served as a Republican but said he is now a conservative Democrat. "That's why this will take on different political proportion or dimensions based on the importance of the position of the president of the university system."
Regents Heidi Ganahl, R-at large, and Irene Griego, D-Lakewood, who are co-chairs of the search committee, said they would get the new regents up to speed and pledged to keep the search non-partisan.
"It can be a challenge for any incoming regent to learn the responsibilities of the position and the complexities of the university, but coming aboard during the critical activity of the presidential search makes it even more challenging," Ganahl and Griego said in a written statement provided by a university spokesman. "However, we have every confidence that the board and the administration will get the new regents up to speed quickly so they can contribute to finding CU's next leader. We are committed to a non-partisan process and look forward to working with the new board members on it."
In their race for the at-large seat, the candidates face unique challenges, including the amount of territory they have to cover with little name recognition and a $400 cap on individual campaign contributions, several former regents said, including Martin and Steve Bosley, the Bolder Boulder founder and a former Republican regent.
"Statewide, nobody knows what a regent is, so it's very hard, particularly down-ballot, for someone to make a knowledgeable decision based on who they should vote for regent," Martin said.
"People should care about what the regents are and what they do because they affect the quality of education and the cost of education," former Democratic Regent Bob Sievers said. "They are the ones who are the stewards for the students of this state and on all four campuses of the University of Colorado."
Smith, a Democrat from Boulder, served eight years on the Boulder Valley School Board and worked for nearly 30 years as a scientist and educator at CU. During her time on the school board, the board oversaw a $400 million budget and hired two superintendents. At CU, she served in a number of positions, including as a researcher, educator and most recently as the associate director of outreach and education at CU's Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences.
She's always been passionate about education, she said, and she'd bring the faculty voice to the board.
"I would be the only voice of CU faculty if I got elected, which would provide a slightly different perspective than everyone else," Smith said.
Among her priorities would be examining the pay and benefits for faculty and graduate students, which she said are low compared to CU's peers and present challenges for recruitment and retention. She'd also prioritize lobbying the state for more funding, and she'd look for a president who'd do the same. She'd also look for a president who would be both visible around the state and on each of CU's campuses, she said.
She'd examine affordability, including the CU Boulder initiatives of a four-year tuition guarantee and eliminating class fees, and how those could be extended to the other CU campuses. It's an equity issue, she said.
She'd also examine pathways from community colleges to CU to ensure that students' credits transfer and that they have the support needed to graduate from CU. And she'd prioritize efforts to increase diversity on CU's campuses.
"CU's got some great programs, and I would certainly want to make sure we continue with those programs to try to attract a more diverse student body."
Montera, a Republican from Colorado Springs, was a first-generation graduate of CU, and he went on to work in four Fortune 200 companies; most recently, he spent 16 years as the executive vice president of retail operations for L Brands, the parent company of Victoria's Secret, Bath and Body Works and other brands, where he oversaw 40,000 employees and a multibillion dollar budget.
He said one of the issues that most alarmed him was the decrease in state funding for the university.
"When I think about the significant growth in the state of Colorado and the fact that we have natural resources, we have tourism, we have industry, we have technology, what concerns me is: Are we really thinking about the universities that will provide the future employees for all of those industries?" Montera said.
He said he'd use his experience negotiating with corporate boards and present a compelling case to the Legislature about the value in providing more funding to CU. He'd also seek to increase CU's marketing outreach to alumni to encourage donations, he said, and reduce expenses in the budget.
In a president, he said, he'd look for someone with experience leading large organizations, a track record in fundraising and an ability to work with a multitude of groups.
He also said he'd continue to examine CU's policies regarding freedom of expression and academic freedom.
"I think CU has done a pretty good job considering the rest of higher education in the environment of free speech, but I still think we have to get deeper into the school at the classroom level, at the coffee shop level, and ensure that people understand that we foster a culture of free speech, where ideas are respected regardless of where they come from," he said.
Otwell, a Unity party candidate from Aurora, is a computer systems engineer and adjunct cyber security professor at Colorado Technical University. Two of his main focuses, he said, would be what he described as modernizing the university and expanding its science, technology, engineering and math education to more of the state.
He said he'd explore the idea of students purchasing low- to mid-range tablets and use electronic books, rather than purchasing physical books, as a means to save money. He'd also prioritize the expansion of online classes, he said.
"CU has become so expensive that it's difficult for people that are either underprivileged at this time or live several hours away from being able to afford an education," Otwell said.
He supports the freedom of expression and academic freedom policies the regents recently instituted, he said, and he'd look at ways to expand upon them.
"I would certainly review the policies they put in place, try to find ways to improve those policies and take a much harder stance to enforce the fact that everybody should have a freedom of expression available to them."
In the next CU president, he'd look for someone with leadership skills and the ability to command a room, he said.
Treibert, a Libertarian from Thornton, works in a library on the Anschutz Medical Campus as a materials handler. He said the job gives him experience working with different higher education departments and stakeholders.
He said he'd like the regents to be more conservative with the budget and examine the pay of top administrators, as well as other departmental expenses.
He'd like to see the university partner with businesses more to promote internships and other opportunities, he said. He'd also like to see the university reduce class sizes and promote scholarships, as well as institute more of what he called non-traditional classes, such as online and evening classes.
"I want the president to be a visionary, look toward the future, regarding having partnerships with various local businesses, along with having the ability to invest in technology," Treibert said.
October 2006: Elephant Revival Concept debuted in Colorado at the Gold Hill Inn featuring Bonnie Paine, Dango Rose, Daniel Rodriguez, Sage Cook and Bridget Law. The band dropped "Concept" from its name shortly after.
Fall 2010: "Break in the Clouds" released on Ruff Shod, an indie label headed by Chad Stokes of State Radio and Dispatch and wins an album of the year award from the Indie Acoustic Music Project.
Fall 2012: Band releases an EP, "It's Alive," which wins acoustic ensemble album of the year award from the Indie Acoustic Music Project.
April 2012: Elephant Revival makes its debut on Nick and Helen Forster's syndicated eTown radio show in Boulder.
Fall 2013: "These Changing Skies" is released, later to win progressive edge album of the year award from the Indie Acoustic Music Project.
Summer 2015: Opening slot for Trampled by Turtles with Shakey Graves at Red Rocks for a sold-out show.
Winter 2015: Sage Cook announces his departure to pursue farming and focus on his new band, We Dream Dawn.
Spring 2016: Band releases "Petals," which ties for Americana album of the year award from the Indie Acoustic Music Project.
Winter 2018: Elephant Revival announces an indefinite hiatus "due to family matters" and canceled dozens of shows.
• The band's current members are vocalist Bonnie Paine, who also plays stomp box, washboard, djembe and musical saw; Charlie Rose on pedal steel, banjo, cello trumpet and trombone; Dango Rose on double-bass, mandolin and banjo; Daniel Rodriguez on acoustic guitar, electric banjo/guitar and vocals; and Darren Garvey on drums. Past members Bridget Law and Sage Cook plan to appear as special guests during the band's May 20 Red Rocks show.
• Dango Rose's buddy Marc Tonglen coined the term "transcendental folk" in 2009, a new music genre the band ran with. "Interestingly, our first record label requested that we drop it because they didn't know how to market it, and so we did," said Rose. "I'm glad that Transcendental Folk has stood the test of time, and I'm pretty sure Thoreau would be happy."
• In its early days, Elephant Revival toured in a vegetable oil-powered 1989 school bus that was converted in 2008 by Sage Cook.
• Elephant Revival's name comes from Dango Rose's experience busking outside an elephant cage at Lincoln Park Zoo in Chicago. Two elephants that had lived there together for 16 years were separated, then both died within days of the separation.
• The band escaped a bus fire in 2016 in Hickory, N.C., where they lost unique instruments and many belongings were destroyed. They still played a show that night with borrowed instruments and donated clothes
• Elephant Revival appeared on "Extra TV" in 2017 and performed "Raindrops" from the album "Petals."
Dango Rose: We spent the summer of '05 camped along the Spring Creek in Tahlequah (Okla.). I look back fondly upon these times and the spirit of the music that was created during this period. I'll always remember when we were traveling from Idaho to Missouri in Sage's (Cook) veggie-oil powered school bus. Bonnie was driving very early in the morning when she noticed an old woman hitchhiking on the side of the road. We pulled over to pick her up. I'll never forget hearing the most low-pitched masculine voice that thanked us for stopping. We had some great bus jams on that trip, as the hitchhiker switched off from whittling wood with his buck knife, to joining us on improvisational jams on his piccolo.
Bonnie Paine: I remember driving the late night shift up the coast of California while the rest of the band was sleeping. I was singing to the drone of the engine and tapping on the steering wheel to stay awake when the song "Rogue River" started to form. At one point I heard Dango (Rose) stirring in his bunk behind the driver's seat and thought I might be bothering him but was relieved to hear him mumble "that sounds cool." We ended up parking in a redwoods grove called Richardson Grove to sleep, and when I woke up I could feel the excitement for the beauty of where we parked. I climbed to the highest point I could get to and marveled at the tribe I was traveling with. Some of them were bathing in the river, some were tucked away with their instruments or journals writing, some doing yoga, meditating, climbing, cooking and playing. It's not a very eventful story but a very happy memory that to me imparts part of the spirit of the band.
Dango Rose: The first show I saw at Red Rocks was the "O Brother Where Art Thou"-inspired "Down from the Mountain" tour back in 2002. The most memorable experience I can recall was listening to our dear friend Gregory Alan Isakov singing "Stable Song" with The Colorado Symphony Orchestra. I still get chills when I think about it.
Bonnie Paine: The first show I saw at Red Rocks was Yonder Mountain String Band. My friend Kirk Rundstrom, who used to play with Split Lip Rayfield, brought me there. Yonder played an amazing show and this was the last time I hung with Kirk before his death, so it has always been a special memory for me. My favorite show I've ever seen there was Bonnie Raitt. I grew up hearing my mom sing her songs and was actually named me after her. I was amazed at her guitar playing and how strong and sweet her voice rang through the place.
Bonnie: My mom has been a strong inspiration for me. She was orphaned at a young age and has experienced a lot of struggle though continues to be very loving and caring. Watching her as I grew up, singing seemed to be a kind of peaceful refuge for her. When there were tragedies in our family the house would grow quiet for a time, then I would hear her humming and eventually singing around the house and feel that healing was in progress. Letting music come through a person was introduced to me in this way as a kind of surrendering and embracing of the uncontrollable and willful parts of living.
Dango Rose: Theresa Kratzer was our band mentor for many years and I spent most of my days with her in my hometown of Nederland when we were off the road. Her spiritual guidance was non-denominational yet drew upon many great traditions. After her long journey with breast cancer, we held a funeral pyre ceremony for her up in the mountains.
When Elephant Revival played its first headlining gig at Red Rocks, Dango Rose unintentionally did exactly what he feared he'd one day do: He dropped his pick in a transition from upright bass to the mandolin during the song "The Pasture."
"In that moment, it felt like a performance catastrophe," said Rose, in an email interview, "but we never missed a beat. I'll always remember hearing Bridget's (Law) fiddle soar in that moment without her even knowing how much she had just picked me up. That's what you do when you're in a band; you pick each other up, even when the pick falls."
That's what this Nederland crew of musicians, activists, environmentalists, has been doing for 12 years. Picking each other up when they fall. Like when they escaped a tour bus fire in 2016 in Hickory, N.C. Vintage instruments, "cherished belongings" and spirits were lost, but they banded together and played a show that same night with donated items.
And just because the band announced in February it would embark on an indefinite hiatus "due to family matters," the folk band will do what it does best: pick up its instruments so the musicians can pick up their fans. Before the hiatus, Elephant Revival will play one last show, on Sunday, May 20, at Red Rocks, a venue that makes a 9,525-capacity audience feel like home.
"I'll never forget our first headlining show there, walking out onto the stage, looking up and feeling like I was amongst close friends and family in a glorified outdoor living room," said Rose. "There was a sense that we were all there together for a unified purpose."
Elephant Revival has been soaking humanity with sunshine since it forged its unique transcendental folk genre in 2006. The musicians, who famously exude warmth and humility, marry rich and diverse sounds from a variety of instruments among poetic lyricism. Each musician brings a meaningful voice to the ensemble.
The current lineup — Bonnie Paine, Charlie Rose, Dango Rose (no relation), Daniel Rodriguez and Darren Garvey — will be joined at Red Rocks by Enion Pelta-Tiller, of Lyons band Taarka, on fiddle. Founding members Bridget Law and Sage Cook will also perform as special guests. (Law departed in September to pursue personal endeavors and to focus on her family; Cook left in 2015 to pursue his passion of farming and his music project, We Dream Dawn.)
The Red Rocks show, Paine said in an email interview, will surely be filled with emotion, which they'll organically weave into their music.
Rose agreed, saying the breadth of emotions for the show is tough to articulate. Calling it "bittersweet" doesn't do it justice, he said.
"Elephant Revival has been the constant throughout our adult lives," Rose said. "Everything transforms and evolves, and for me this show is about honoring each other and all who have listened to and supported us throughout the years. In other words, just as much as this show is for us, it is for (fans) ... I've felt every definable emotion and more ... Transformation can be a painful and difficult process, yet it is also beautiful. I believe we are entering into a chrysalis phase, and what better way to do so than with 9.5 thousand of our closest friends?"
When asked to expound on the "indefinite hiatus," Rose offered: "According to my 1983 copy of the Webster's New World Dictionary, the definition of hiatus is 'a gap or break, as where a part is missing.' My intention is for us to heal this missing part, so that we can come back — a more unified whole."
Rose said that while the core group will be on sabbatical, he will focus on Elephant Collective, a project focusing on new collaborations, as well as studio and production work.
Paine, who said it will be nice to "slow down for a bit and connect with friends, family and myself," has plans to continue working on her "song story" of 30 songs (26 are completed).
"My mom is writing the story portion while I am writing the music for it," Paine said. "I have been writing songs for this since I was a teenager and have enjoyed imagining performing it as a simple folktale setting with acoustic instruments or a little edgier version with loop pedals and electronic beats and video projection and maybe someday will have the honor to get to perform the songs with a mini-orchestra and live dance performance."
Elephant Revival has performed with and among iconic musicians and have been backed by the Colorado Symphony Orchestra at Red Rocks. Through peaks and valleys, they remain balanced. But they're also human, they've faced anxiety and trepidation.
"Assuming any position of ('other') can cause lots of anxiety," said Paine, "Whether it's fame, or feeling too weird, or not good enough to ever fit into any kind of society. I've felt many forms of separation, from an over-glorified sense of self to self-deprecation and have found that the idea that we are equal, in the sense that we are different expressions of the same thing, has brought some peace for me."
"I've had a few teachers tell me that they were enjoying teaching their kids in music class some of our songs," said Paine. "That has been very endearing."
Rose said that receiving letters about how Elephant Revival's music has helped fans through the throes of life, then meeting that fan at a show is "incredibly rewarding."
"I recall a story of a family playing our music on repeat to the dying breaths of their beloved," said Rose. "There've been stories shared about our music being played during home births and while loved ones are walking down the aisle to be wed. You never imagine these kinds of things when you first begin playing. There's nothing more meaningful than knowing we have contributed in some small way to the lives of others."
What comes of this hiatus, time will tell. But as Paine sings in "Ring Around the Moon" — "What it is is not ending is a sweet mystery."
this blog is basically where we rant about what’s WRONG with fashion today. without the ‘influence’ of major advertisers (in fact, we have none), we can be brutally honest (and sometimes even angry) in speaking our minds and not worry about someone pulling out 16 pages of advertising spread. of course, we give props to everyone who gets it (quite a few) and doing something RIGHT as well (few and far between).
the future is what we really care about. we would like to think that our fashion label is the future, and thus we record the process of building our brand in this section.
Small chests produced by mostly Pennsylvania German craftsmen in the 1700's and 1800's were traditionally decorated with heart and tulip motifs. These little boxes held miscellaneous small items in the days before closets and chests of drawers were common. Size: 3" x 3" x 6": with or without ball feet. Some styles are actually miniature versions of blanket chests and have special peg feet.
Congressman Mark Takano (CA-41) today cosponsored H.R. 3431, The American Families United Act. H.R. 3431, introduced by Congressman's Beto O'Rourke and Steve Pearce, simply provides an opportunity for the US citizen spouse of a person who has an obstacle created by what are often trivial or merely technical violations of US immigration law, to go before an immigration judge or officer and make their case that the penalty for the US citizen and their family is too harsh.
Shotokan karate is a traditional Japanese Martial Art used as an excellent means of self defense. It is practiced both as art and sport, to develop confidence, balance & health of mind and body.
Evaluations for rank advancement are held throughout the year and are optional. Other optional events include; special seminars, tournaments, camps and adventure outings. Classes are separated by age and rank in order to provide an optimal training experience for all students. Participants are required to wear protective gear during structured sparring drills. These items are available for purchase upon membership enrollment.
At The Barnes & Noble Book Blog Ellen Wehle tagged eight fictional female detectives featured in new releases, including:
“Mrs.” has no memory of how she came to be in Botswana, or even her own name. Can Precious Ramotswe, expert at finding lost things, track down the woman’s missing identity? Meanwhile, Mma Makutsi has opened a restaurant for Gabarone’s well-heeled clientele. Dealing with temperamental chefs and crabby customers may be more than she bargained for, but, as always, friendship will see her through.
Precious Ramotswe appears among Ian Holding's top ten books that teach us something about southern Africa and Adrian McKinty's ten best lady detectives.
Please provide here a detailed description of your project. Include screenshots and graphics whenever possible.
If your project has been nominated for global awards, please embed here your 3-minute Youtube presentation. (In the editing view, select Insert ---> Youtube.)
Venezuelans abroad, specifically located in the United States of America ( USA), said during the last election days that have different obstacles at compile , process and execute inherent in citizenship applications , according to reports by independent organizations dedicated to defending the right to vote abroad. Added to these difficulties are compounded by high abstention figure registered Venezuelans , and the lack of a standardized process for handling documents in diplomatic establishments ( embassies , consulates ) that limits the right to vote Our project aims to make a digital platform HTML format 5, ie , compatible with any PC or Mobile format ( smartphones and tablets) that allows Venezuelans who are in the U.S. , have updated information for the processing of documents consular , that also shows joining the Permanent Electoral Register (REP ) , processing and / or renewal of passports, family remittances and student travel permits for minors and pensions. TEAM
Local government assistance to community organisations Department of Infrastructure, Local Government and Planning
Local governments can provide grant assistance directly to community organisations. Where a local government has allocated money for councillor discretionary funds, councillors may also grant some or all of their discretionary funds to community organisations.
A community organisation is defined by the Local Government Regulation 2012 and the City of Brisbane Regulation 2012 to be an entity that carries on activities for a public purpose, or another entity whose primary object is not directed at making a profit.
The information provided in these pages is to assist local governments to design, implement, monitor and evaluate their community grants programs and the use of their councillor discretionary funds in accordance with legislative requirements and good practice.
In particular, local governments must comply with the local government principles contained in section 4 of the Local Government Act 2009 and the City of Brisbane Act 2010 which are:
sustainable development and management of assets and infrastructure, and delivery of effective services
Cette évaluation théorique a été conçue pour évaluer vos connaissances de ce logiciel. Vous serez en mesure, grâce à une série de questions à choix multiples, d'évaluer si vous connaissez bien les notions essentielles à la maîtrise de ce logiciel.
The necessity of enthusiastic artistic leadership in the formation and activation of creative coalitions in the Netherlands: the Rotterdam Code
Terrible news out of Oregon a woman was attacked and killed by a cougar while hiking near Mount Hood last week. Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife this is the first fatal attack in the wild on record in Oregon.
The woman was identified as Diane Bober and the attack occurred on the Hunchback trail near the Zigzag ranger station. The trail is currently closed and Fish & Wildlife officials are actively hunting the cougar.
Where is the toilet. This bridge will take a maximum load of ten tons. Do you like the tone of the radio.
Lenses with stepping motor focusing mechanism are better for contrast based focusing, and are quiter and faster than traditionally focusing lenses.
I have found the CSI community to be so kind and inspiring! I got tons of comments on the last challenge I entered there, and I already have a bunch on this one too! I was so excited when I saw two digi layouts in their examples, because I am much better at digi at this point. I plan on entering a lot more of their challenges in the future.
It looks like pink is all around for February! I don't mind though. Here is an artsy layout of me and my husband.
Lynn, this is gorgeous! I LOVE this mixed media layout, you did an AWESOME job with the colors, I love the ephemera and the painted title. Thanks so much for playing with us at ColourQ this week! :)
Love the layouts! Such a great job on both of them!! Thanks for playing along with us at ColourQ this week!
The Head of State surveyed its outpatient, diagnostic, in-patient departments, a laser centre and a surgery block of the new clinic, got familiarized with the present-day medical equipment for eye surgeries.
The President stressed the importance of such centres that let people receive world-class tertiary eye care at home.
The medical staff thanked the Head of State for constant attention paid to the country's healthcare and efficient social policy.
Besides, the President surveyed the layout of the first medical rehabilitation centre that is expected to be built in Astana.
DaruZharygy is the region's largest ophthalmology and eye microsurgery centre built jointly with the Austrian company under the Public Private Partnership. The cost of the project is KZT 3.2 billion. It is equipped with the European medical equipment.
Kazakhstan hosts orientation Program for diplomats from OIC member states on trans-national threats and terrorism
Any reproduction, republication and/or redistribution of any content on the website is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of the company’s administration
offers 3,336 chromite ores crusher products. About 33% of these are crusher. A wide variety of chromite ores crusher options are available to you, such as impact crusher, hammer crusher, and jaw crusher.
Mobile Chromite Ore Crusher Supplier , chromite ore crushing plant manufacturer, ore dressing plant the function of chromite ore crushing and beneficiation is to ...
Chromite ore mining mineral jig concentrator. KBW company is a professional manufacturer of chromite ore mining Chromite ore is crushed in primary jaw crusher …
Mobile chromite ore crusher supplier,Gold crushing machine prices. CS Series spring cone crusher is quite excellent in hard material crushing and the final product .
offers 3,579 chromite crusher products. About 36% of these are crusher. A wide variety of chromite crusher options are available to you, such as jaw crusher, hammer crusher, and cone crusher.
Zinc Ore Mobile Limestone Crusher CAVA. Aluminum zinc ore hammer crusher selling,best price limestone hammer crusher. and Ore crusher are highly Limestone, Iron ore, Manganese, Chromites, Copper, Lead, Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer India Abstract:In metal ore processing line, there Lead How can we choose and buy a cone crusher for a stone…
mobile crusher for chromite The company mainly manufactures mobile crushers, stationary crushers, sandmaking machines, grinding mills and complete plants that are widely used in mining, construction, highway, bridge, coal, chemical, metallurgy, refractory matter, etc. Product quality is life, and scientific innovation is ...
chromite beneficiation plant manufacturers from turkey. chromite benification plant manufacturer in india . . The most commonly used crushers in iron ore crushing plant are . chromite beneficiation plant in south africa .
crusher and crawler type mobile crusher jaw impact. This series Hematite iron ore crusher really supply simpler more efficient less expensive machines for customers.
Chromite Ore Mobile Jaw Crusher ... Wholesale Various High Quality jaw crusher for chromite Ore Products from Global jaw crusher for chromite Ore Suppliers and Jaw ...
William Wren is a dick. A halfling business who serves as Senior Coordinator of RedBlock Network, he is just a dis-likable character.
Born in 7e 97 in Donione, Tawood, he lived a very comfortable life as a child. He came from a wealthy family who had made valuable investments in VlinTech back when it had first been set up. As such, he was born with a lot of money potentially going to him in inheritance, as he was an only child. He did fantastically at school passing with 11 A*s. He went to University in Altimniosh, graduating with flying colors, before moving back to Tawood. There he got a job in RedBlock networks, as a general technician aged 22. However Wren was a shrewd businessman. Knocking off his commercial opponents, he quickly rose through the ranks, until in 7e 124 he ended up on the Network managers board, wherein there was an annual meeting at RedBlock HQ. It was in this capacity he met David Richardson. Richards attended a couple of the meetings across the 3-day course it ran in. At these meetings Wren grabbed his attention. His abilities to talk and manipulate the circumstances into his favor was something Dave though could be very beneficial to RedBlock.
Dave did, initially, like the guy. He though that William had potential and charm. As such, he ended up working actually in RedBlock HQ, the permanent liason to Dave, in 7e 125. Within 5 years he had become head of RedBlock Network, sitting on the main RedBlock panel, alongside Dave, Revan, Tamurel, Suzie Spencer, Grant and Carl.
Armenians worldwide are justifiably outraged by the refusal of Speaker Nancy Pelosi and House Democratic leadership to bring the Genocide Resolution to a vote.
Cong. Pelosi had “the majority, the authority, and the opportunity” to schedule a vote on the Armenian Genocide Resolution, but failed to do so, the Armenian National Committee of America announced last week. Why didn’t she bring up the Resolution to a vote? It is important to note that contrary to their previous practice, neither the President nor the Secretary of State made any public statements against the Resolution. They did not have to; they had made a behind the scenes deal with Speaker Pelosi not to schedule a vote on the Resolution before Congress adjourned for the year, according to a knowledgeable Washington source. Under these circumstances, the self-serving claims of Turkey’s Ambassador and Turkish-American organizations that their belated actions blocked the vote were complete exaggerations, if not outright falsehoods, and inconsequential!
The Armenian Genocide Resolution is neither the beginning nor the end of Armenian political demands. Here is why: this is a commemorative resolution with no force of law; similar Genocide Resolutions were adopted by the House of Representatives twice, in 1975 and 1984; and such resolutions are only a means to an end.
What is the real objective of the Armenian Cause? Obtaining justice for Armenians from the descendants of those who not only butchered them, but occupied their homeland and confiscated their properties.
Turkey’s Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu stated last week that the Resolution was like “the sword of Damocles hanging above our heads.” He expressed the hope that such initiatives would not be brought up again in Congress as they wasted Turkey’s energy and time. The threat felt by Turkish leaders a century after their ancestors’ heinous crimes and the waste of their valuable resources to counter the Resolution are reason enough for Armenians to bring such initiatives to every legislative body in the world year after year. Moreover, each time Turkish leaders demand that a U.S. President block such a resolution, in return they are obligated to make costly political concessions to the American side.
Armenian-American organizations, led by ANCA, must now make a dispassionate strategic assessment to consider their next moves:
File lawsuits against Turkey and Turkish firms in U.S. federal courts, the European Court of Human Rights, and the World Court.
Increase the number of “hanging swords” on Turkish leaders’ heads by submitting multiple congressional resolutions that go beyond genocide acknowledgment. Among other things, these could include restitution of confiscated Armenian properties and return of churches to the jurisdiction of the Armenian Patriarchate of Turkey.
Capitalize on Turkish leaders’ anti-western policies and statements to generate support for Armenian issues among the new Republican majority in the House.
Here are some preliminary thoughts on specific actions that could be considered by Armenian-American leaders in the coming weeks:
Steps to be taken against Minority Leader Pelosi and House Democratic leaders as political payback for their obstructionism. It is now up to them to woo their disappointed Armenian supporters with a series of concrete actions, not promises, to undo the damage they have caused to their own credibility.
Start planning for the 2012 elections to ensure that no Armenian-American would cast a vote or contribute a single dollar for Pres. Obama or any other member of Congress, Democrat or Republican, opposed to Armenian issues.
Assess the inaction of leaders in Armenia and the Diaspora who did not lift a finger nor utter a word in support of the Genocide Resolution, while Turkey’s President, Prime Minister and Foreign Minister were pressuring Pres. Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to block the vote.
Capitalize on the activism of the newly-energized Armenian-American community, especially the youth and celebrities such as Kim Kardashian and Serj Tankian, to engage them in creative ways of pursuing the Armenian Cause.
Support Senators who have an interest in placing a new “hold” against Francis Ricciardone or his replacement as nominee for U.S. Ambassador to Turkey. There has been no U.S.
Ambassador in Ankara for more than 6 months. Similarly, Azeri-American efforts in support of the Turkish campaign of genocide denial must be countered by placing a new “hold” on Matt Bryza or his replacement as nominee for U.S. Ambassador to Azerbaijan. There has been no U.S. Ambassador in Baku for more than 18 months.
Instead of getting dejected by last week’s temporary setback, Armenians should strengthen their political resolve and escalate their demands from Turkey, using all legitimate means of redress to advance their just cause!
This was a very revealing article. Armenians basically admit in it that all this call for Genocide recognition is a mean to an end: a territorial claim. Now, you cannot have it both ways: the Armenians death in 1915 were triggered by a territorial war or as a Genocide. Which way is it? If you start a war, you should expect casualities, including, unfortunately, civilians. Why does not Russia sue Germany for the genocide against its people? Why doesn’t any othe nation who has lost a war 100 years or more ago bring a law suite against the victors too? The whole thins is so hatefully vindictive. You guys cannot get over it: you lost a war, land, and a lot of people …100 years ago! So you will do anything you can to get back at Turkey. Which is fine, except Americans should not allow your ethnic hatred to damage the US national interests! And it seems that this is the case indeed. I am sure you are pissed off, because Pelosi and Democrats lead you by the nose. they did not allow the vote because they knew the resolution would pass. So their bluff would have been called. But they know such a resolution would be very bad for US interests, so there are not going to let you do that. Pretty cool actually, they get your money your votes, put pressure on Turkey for concessions, and in the end do what is best for America (and not Armenia). I am very proud of American political system!!!
It is a pity that you were educated with an inferior education in a country that burned books and printed books with lies; sort of you were blinded to the truth that is you’re tuff not mine. Genocide period was completely removed from Turkish History and instead replaced with a couple of pages stating that Armenian people died from war, cold and hunger. So you say Israelis and Nazis were at WAR and Jews lost the war. (SIC) The New York Times on the spot reporting on Armenian Genocide.
turks were at war with Austrians/Hungarians/Bulgaria/Romania/Egypt/French/British/Japan/Libya ask Muammar Gaddafi he will tell you trains bl0wing up all over the place. turkey lost 16 wars to the Russians coming 17th & final war. YOU watch you’re Wife being raped your’ babies MURDERED; how could Babies be WAR enemies? tell me all you uneducated. I would go after the mamas too. (SIC) BOB SIMON and CBS made a dead monkey meat out of you turk deniers, now SWEDEN is recognizing the Armenian Genocide [Such an impact on to everyone in the World!] shame on you turk DENIERS! Truth can NOT be twisted. 1st. GENOCIDE .. 2nd 301 penal-code .. 3rd Prosecute those who DARE to speak the Truth, Hrant Dink/Orhan Pamuk/Tanar Aksham/Nihat Gen?’in/ and more. They are you’re 30,690 people/Families telling you something — http://www.ozurdiliyoruz.com/ —
these are the EDUCATED people of tutkey. How many Countries turkey was at war with? How many enemies dose turkey have? You should learn with these
(SIC) Henry Morgenthau, U.S. Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire (1913-16) under President Woodrow Wilson. Morgenthau, traveled from one end of turkey to the other Istanbul, Ankara, Adana, Antep, Aleppo, Tel Aviv. His daily telegrams reports to Washington All these are documented from day one. Kurds want half of turkey besides it belongs to them. Armenians will push for Recognition as long as it takes, turks spend you’re $$ and have the World look at you. When a government dose that to its own citizens,{teaching them Junk History} turk government should come out with a new penal coed and call it 301.5“”razing porkheads””.
We all know turks are not civilized enough to admit the truths therefore expectation from their culture is very low. However the truth will eventually prevail. My grandfather’s entire family were murdered just because they were Armenian. Everyone knows it was was pure extreme genocidal facism.
Every and all Armenian has a duty to openly Boycott turkey; I mean total boycott [just as they openly justify a blockade] Not to visit, or even pass through turkey [[go and vacation into Syria, Lebanon, Greece, Spain, any part of Europe]] not to purchase anything made or from turkey. Two counties in the Word that blockade a neighboring Country is tukey and Israel.The only Two counties in the Word that used military F16 plans to kill Babies are turkey in Cyprus, Israel in Palestine, Remember TOTAL Boycott:
Ask Robert Gates why billions of our tax payer dollars goes to Turkey as bachshish for the airbase on Armenian properties? Ask him why the US hasn’t built an airbase in Kurdistan? That would be less costly for the US Tax payers with a friendly Kurdish population where the US has already won their hearts and minds.
Ask Robert Gates why the United States has forsaken the hearts and minds of the Armenian American community who have given the United States Ernest H. Dervishian (Medal of Honor recipient) and Arman T. Manookian (U.S.M.C.) who developed the notion of soft power to win hearts and minds through his art work.
Ask Robert Gates why Veterans of Armenian heritage cannot even mourn for Manookian by visiting his grave site (a lost soul buried in an unmarked grave)?
Obama should get the permission of the Turkish government to lay a wreath at Manookian’s grave site if he can find it at the anniversary of his suicide.
And I would say this as well to any legal professional, judge or justice; if you plan on supplementing your income by injecting yourself in public debate through the sale of books or mediation or the representation of Armenian clients, then you better make dam sure they are consistent with the Armenian cause for justice. If not, we will make dam sure you get lost and forgotten through boycott and see you starving in worse condition than the victims of the Genocide.
What that means is if you support (via contributions or work through your synagogue) the Jewish Anti Defamation League that has opposed the recognition of the Armenian Genocide, then you should be boycotted as well. Every Armenian potential client should be asking their potential lawyers in bringing their legal claims for recitation against the Turkish government. The conflict of interest is glaringly apparent.
Thank you for visiting the website of Bailey’s Home Inspection LLC. We’re located in Lake Charles, LA and serve the surrounding areas. We provide a wide range of home inspection services, including four-point inspections, residential new construction inspections and light commercial inspections.
Call us today at 337-529-6785, or send us a message using the form below. We look forward to assisting you.
All Ava wants to do is forget about the vampires, but they won’t leave her alone. Between her failing business, angry landlord, disloyal friends, and vampire stalkers, life is starting to feel pretty stressful.
Adam and I are both going through identity crises of epic proportions as we Transition from who we were, and discover who we were meant to be.
Taylor Swift has wanted to be a star since she was six years old.It was difficult,but she never gave up on her dream. Today, she is one of the biggest names in pop and country music.
During this session, nominations will be formally announced and elections will be agreed upon for all 2017 HOA Board members chartered to serve you and our entire community.
President – Presides over HOA Board meetings, setting meeting agendas, appointing special committees (as necessary) and on-going business administration of the HOA. This person is the lead spokesperson for our HOA Board to the community.
Vice President –Performs the duties of the association president in the absence of the president, is the custodian of the HOA by-laws, and oversees special HOA committees as necessary.
Treasurer – Custodian of the HOA funds, securities and financial records. Responsible for coordinating development of the proposed annual budget and for preparing/presenting the monthly, quarterly, and annual financial reports on the financial status of the HOA.
Secretary – Maintains a record of all meetings of the HOA Board and HOA Membership, acting as custodian for official records of the association, preserving this important history. Communication lead for all HOA Board meetings, activities and notices from the HOA Board to the EFC community (HOA members and non-members). Directly responsible for all email communication from the HOA Board, and works closely with key volunteer leads for EFC website, newsletter, and Facebook communications.
Director of Membership – Responsible for the annual membership drive, maintaining a current list of paid members and overseeing the EFC HOA Block Captain volunteer leads.
Director of Beautification – Responsible for developing and implementing beautification plans of the common areas of the neighborhood.
Director of Hospitality – Responsible for welcoming all new neighbors to the EFC community. This person is the “face of our HOA” and often the first EFC neighbor they meet.
Submitting a new Board Member Nomination: YOU can make a real difference in the future of our EFC community and submit your name or that of another resident you believe might have an interest. Any current dues paying HOA Members are eligible to be nominated. Please mention this interest to any existing EFC HOA Board Member, or simply submit this info via our website Question/Comment input form.
据日媒援引美国CNN电视台5月13日报道，加拿大研究人员4日发表的调查研究结果显示，婴幼儿玩智能手机及平板电脑等电子设备的时间越长，越可能出现语言发育迟缓的问题。
From political games to absolute architecture... and back! The architectural avant-garde today. / THE SPECTRE OF THE AVANT-GARDE
The patient has acquired a new, central place in mental health care. The future lies in care trajectories wherein the environment within which care is provided resembles the home environment as closely as possible. The patient is no longer required to visit the psychiatric hospital for each instance of treatment or for care.
The change reduces the ‘physical presence’ aspect of psychiatric care. But the descriptive imagery used nevertheless reinforces the spatial nature of these new care relationships as well. We talk about lowering the threshold of psychiatric care, the dismantling of the psychiatric institution and the offer of care outside the hospital situation.
The central place of the patient sheds new light on the pronouncement made by Michel Foucault. He wrote about the emerging science of psychiatry: “The patient himself starts feeling a little sick under the critical, scrutinising eye of the doctor.” Foucault hereby criticised the tradition in which the patient is faced with the omnipotent and omniscient figure of the doctor.
What interests us is whether the architecture of psychiatric institutions can similarly create the effect of a critical gaze on the patient. During the modernism era, Rem Koolhaas had this to say about structures: “It is the architecture that in one way or another diagnoses everyone as somehow being in need of help.” He dreamed instead of an architecture that gave the viewer a kind of superhuman strength.
Rem Koolhaas’s insight applies to health care architecture in two ways. In the first place, the suggestion is that the spatial framework provides an initial announcement to the patient of what he may expect in the doctor’s clinic.
Therefore, the spatial context in which the care relationship between the patient and the doctor takes place must itself stimulate a renewal of the healing relationship.
Secondly, Rem Koolhaas considers a one-sided focus on the patient to be undesirable. Since the quote cited above speaks of ‘everyone’, it is best for us to include not only patients, but doctors, staff nurses, managers, visitors, neighbours, etc. as well. In that sense, everyone is diagnosed as somehow being in need of help.
Similarly, it is conventional practice to name departments in a manner that immediately draws attention to the compromised state of mind of its user. Or what about patients, visitors and new staff losing their way in a maze of buildings and departments? Not to mention the far from central location of psychiatric institutions thereby locating them far away from every kind of normal urban facility.
It is easy to imagine patients in need of help, but architecture in a similar situation is undoubtedly striking. Thus guests at hospitals are generally bombarded with traffic signs and line drawings that tell him/her where to go. The question is whether aids to navigation actually contribute to the loss of the capacity to navigate.
It rather seems that the aids contribute to a form of hospital psychasthenia. Edward Soja used the term psychasthenia to indicate the lack of coordination in major cities. In the absence of options to define own limits, we are compelled to adjust to the situation in which we find ourselves. Even in care architecture, the living organism seems to disappear within the represented space.
Healing environment is the fashionable term to indicate the attempt to ‘normalise’ the hospital. Every attempt is made to embellish the clinical architecture with colourful scenes, relaxing spaces and user-friendly counters. These overt simulations however do little to hide their artificial and compulsive character.
The images of healing environments are laughable as their meaning is not as disturbing within the context of the mental health care. The patient does appear to become a shadow of himself in an environment that has all the makings of a hotel room or business lobby. The patient can look at a relaxing garden, but he does not have the freedom to walk on it, let alone remove weeds from it. The spontaneity of life is almost impossible to find difficult in any case.
We should not overestimate the impact of architecture on the provision of care. A lot depends on the human aspect and we go by the assumption that doctors and staff are doing everything they possibly can for the patients. At the same time however, we must also not underestimate architecture. Architecture defines the physical context within which the care is provided and thereby determines what is possible and what is not.
The architecture of psychiatric institutions defined boundaries with the outside world with the same completeness with which it defines the restrictions and freedoms that apply within the psychiatric institution. Nowadays, the outer boundaries are being redrawn by locating departments within the normal urban fabric (such as private care facilities and sheltered housing) and outreach (Centres for Mental Health Care (CGG), home-based care, etc.). The greatest challenge is in redefining what you could call the internal borders of the psychiatric institution.
This study aims to support the work of students preparing for rhetoric contests and that of teachers preparing them. Oral presentation has become a common practice since the beginning of the 20th century. High quality and logical language use does not only go together with traditional speaking sessions, but the repository of persuasion can be used in all areas of public life. Rhetoric is one of the taught subjects in secondary school since 1995 and in relation to this, the rhetoric contest has come to life. The study briefly discusses elocution techniques, then it introduces supra-segmental devices in detail to show how they serve the ideas and the emotional and mood display of the whole text. Public speaking is a complex task; therefore, the study also mentions other components, such as non-verbal signs. The aim: Speech should not only be intelligible, but also persuasive and diverse, even beautiful.
10 things about you ! Whats the 1 most amazing thing to ever happen to you spiritually ? id say the ability to help others in ways that the confirmation about the message gets validated therefore helps the sitter where a small word can help them overcome mountains of grief that build within whats yo...
the storm has weakened atm but they say it could get stronger now category 3 but they say it will probably get stronger soon
we at abt wish all of those affected by these hurricanes a safe journey away from the danger lets hope for minimal damage and a safe return to your homes
Input the name you wish to name your folder. (For your eyes only, no one will see this who doesn’t have access to your WebPaper account. The folders are for your organization.) Once finished Left mouse click “Add Folder”.
“Folder Properties” will appear. Here you will be able to set up “Paid Access” settings or just Password protect your webpages from the public. (When you are logged in to your WebPaper account you will by pass these logins as you are the owner of the content.)
To set up payments fill out the “Paypal Email” field with your email address you have set up with Paypal. If you don’t have one and are not looking to sell membership leave this blank.
Fill in “Valid for days” with the amount of days this package should be for. If it never expires input nothing in this field.
When finished do not forget that all pages you wish to use this registration/login form will need to be within that folder. Just drag and drop the pages you wish into the folder to password protect them.
Welcome to my blog! You'll find my life, both professional and personal, documented here in the form of photographs and short quippy paragraphs.
While we were camping, Stephen, Julian, and I all got stung by a bee. Poor Julian kind of freaked out and started flailing and screaming. BUT after a hug and some mud, he calmed down and hiked with minimal complaining. In the end, I don't know that I would have wanted him saved from those bee stings. It was good for him to learn respect for nature and also to see that bee stings aren't the end of the world. I was proud of him for moving forward. I don't know if I regret getting stung. I'm screamed and flailed my arms too, but once I got those suckers off me, I felt a great sense of toughness. Not sure if my value system is all whacked out...
Orange County photographer | Tara Whitney - Orange County's Leading Photographer. Family, Pregnancy, Maternity, infant, Newborn, Baby, engagement photography in Orange County, Los Angeles, San Diego
The BIS Newsletter is sent out once a month and contains information about our latest releases. Please note that release dates may vary from country to country. For local availability please contact our distributor in your country.
In order to unsubscribe from the newsletter, click on the link in the latest newsletter you've received.
Important: BIS will not pass on your e-mail address or any other information regarding subscribers to any third party.
This is our main search engine. Using it, you will be able to find a specific title by entering an album / work / track title, names of artists / composers involved, or attributes such as genre, period or instrument, as well as the BIS catalogue number (please observe our revised numbering system *).
The quick search has an auto-complete feature that suggests 10 matching albums as you are writing, presenting them in a drop-down list by relevance. "bee" shows the first albums featuring works with the word 'bee' in the title - an added "t" takes you to Beethoven's music.
At this point, you can select an album in the drop-down list, but you can also arrive at a new page by pressing Enter. Here the full results are ordered by release date, with the most recent first. The search term must be a complete word that exists in the catalogue: "beet" followed by Enter will not result in a list.
If you are trying to find a specific BIS album, the quickest way is to enter exact search terms to make it appear in the drop-down list and open it directly from there. In comparison, going via the full listing puts a stronger focus on what's new, e.g. by a certain artist / composer or in a certain genre.
You can also enter numerals in the search field. A plain number will most often result in the album with the corresponding catalogue number appearing first in the drop-down list. But the number may also be interpreted as a composition year or an opus or Köchel number. In order to find an album through its catalogue number, the most efficient way is therefore to write 'BIS-' followed by the number in question.
You can write more than one search term into the field. For example, "mozart" + "622" will show you our recordings of Mozart's Clarinet Concerto. But as the entire data base is consulted for each separate search term, "brahms" + "intermezzo" will for example give results of any disc featuring Brahms and intermezzo - even if the intermezzo is by another composer (as on BIS-77). For more general browsing, even search terms as vague as "romantic" + "piano" may produce interesting results.
You can also browse our catalogue through the indexes of composers, solo artists & choirs, instrumental ensembles / orchestras and conductors.
There is a search function on each of these pages, too. It is possible to search using either given name or surname, and you don't even have to enter a complete name in order to get results. Please note that as the names of choirs and instrumental ensembles are generally treated as a single entity, you need to enter the first letters of such names in order to find them through the relevant index - or resort to the quick search.
In both search engines, results containing special characters (e.g. ä, ø, ú) will appear even if the search term is entered using standard, international characters (such as a, o, u).
* Previously, our catalogue numbers included an indication of the format (e.g. CD, SACD etc) immediately before the actual numeral, viz. BIS-CD-1234. Since 2012 the format description is placed at the end of the catalogue number – BIS-1234 CD – and is no longer necessary in order to identify the title. ‘BIS-’ followed by the actual number is therefore a sufficient search term in order to pinpoint a certain title on this web site. (Please note that the old catalogue numbers will still appear in the artworks of discs manufactured before 2012.)
Our old numbering system also allowed for the possibility of double numbers, for instance BIS-CD-1323/24. This would indicate a multi-disc title sold, in this specific case, for the price of two single discs. We have now discontinued this practice and the old double numbers have been revised so that only the first disc number is retained: BIS-CD-1323/24 has become BIS-1323 CD. (The one exception to this is the former BIS-CD-835/37, which now has the catalogue number BIS-83537 CD.)
How about we offer you something that will be with you all the time till you graduate.We have thousands of loyal customers from China, France, Germany, and Belgium etc.
Someone to write my essay uk. business essay failers we are passive solar i hire someone to write my essay. A someone to someone to write my essay for most.About us If you want to know about us just log on to our website AbsoluteEssays.com has been in the field of academic writing since a decade.Yes, your investment is safe with us as you can claim your money back, if you believe the quality of the paper is not up to the promised standards.Money back guarantee: We have a money back guarantee if you do not receive what you were promised.This way we maintain a strong relationship with all students, we deal with.We do not have an essay writing bank where we store our previous work, so each time you place an order for an essay, you will receive an essay which has been written after comprehensive research by the writer.
When you come to us, saying- I need someone to write my essay, we will instantly write back to you with different possible options.Where To Buy Essay Write Me An Essay Custom Research Paper Writing Where Do I Buy Research Cheap Assignment Writing Custom Thesis Writing Service Pay Writing Service To Do Essay.Once a teacher knows that you are a good student, it becomes easier for you to coordinate and get better grades.You have a wide range of subjects to choose from such as Journalism, Managerial Accounting, Product Management, Financial Management, International Relations etc.
Let us lessen your worries by enumerating our guarantees that paying for essay writing protect your funds and make sure you receive high quality work: Content originality: It is our guarantee that you will receive only original content whenever you order from us, be it any time of the day.
Complete confidentiality of information: We do not share nor lend any private information that may reveal your identity to any third party.Write My Essay For College. We employ only professionals who write essays taking into account the individual wishes of a student.
If you are paying for essay writing, whether it is Canada or Japan we are at your service.Whenever they struggle to finish academic assignments, students try to find a support.Please take out some time to read a little about us and our global writing services the best in the world.We are a globally recognized company, who provides assignment writing service to students all over the world.I used an essay writing service that I found online and I was expecting a.Yes, our company is a one stop platform where you will have to look no further.
Hire Someone To Write My Paper - Professional Help Help With Writing Paper, Buy Law Essay Uk High Quality.Our loyal customer base remains more than satisfied with the top-notch work and flawless research skills that deliver you the highest quality essays and assignments.
It is not easy to write an essay paper when English is not my regular language.Because you call for someone to write my essay for me by the deadline at the highest quality.Other similar jobs: i need someone to write my application, can i get someone to design my logo, i need someone to write my book.
Teachers from different universities use essays as a tool to assess students understanding ability as well as to test their writing skills.
Writemyessayonlinewebsite.com, write my essay online service,.Hire Experts to write an essay for you from Absoluteessays.com as we provide unmatched quality essay writing service to students from all over the world to help.
At Absoluteessays.com it is easy to hire someone to write a college essay for you according to your given details.This is not an easy position to gain amongst the highly competitive academic writing market. Free revision policy: In case that you are not satisfied a 100%, you can ask for a revision, which will be provided to you free of cost.When you pay for custom essay, our writers type out each paper to meet the writing standards.
Apartment Rentals In Honesdale Pennsylvania is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Apartments For Sale In Miami Beach is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://www.miamiluxuryhomes.com/wp-content/uploads/condo/1101/echo-brickell-penthouse-terrace.jpg
Atkins Circle Apartments Charlotte Nc is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
im looking to move out of my parents and i want an appartment in Philadelphia. do i need a real estate agent?
i know it’s a big city so that means there are alot of choices and i wanna be able to get the most for my money but i dont know if agents show apartments. i live about 10 minutes from philly but still dont know much about it let alone what kinds of appartments or lofts or whatever there are to pick from. so do real estate agents handle appartment seekers? should i get one? who should i talk to about finding the most for my money?
You can check with several realestate offices and see who handles that and most importantly who pays the agent. If the landlord pays then by all means use one. If you have to pay then you have to put a value on their worth since you don’t know thetown.
My partner and I are looking for a new apartment. We found an amazing loft with everything we could ever want or imagine. The only concern is: if we move there and don’t take a 3rd roommate, our yearly rent expenses will increase by $3600 each. IF we have a roommate, our expenses will only increase by $1800 each/year.
You’re asking us how to manage your finances, having absolutely no knowledge of your situation at all.
The least informed, with no goals in life, other than to hang around y/a pretending to know something.
If so, then over time, assuming that average rents go up more than r/c allows, it’ll be a better deal.
On the other hand, while renting is a good idea today, within a year or two, you’ll likely have the best opportunity to buy a house in the next couple decades.
While my vegetable garden is just barely getting started (peas, radishes and carrots up, …. Read More
Revised estimates of the global direct radiative forcing of aerosols due to a physically-based treatment of elemental carbon optics
18th Century Explorers, Lost Forests and Missing Russian Helicopters: Solving the Riddles of Climate Change and the Arctic
Integrating Climate and Hydrologic models: Quantifying Subgrid Scale Rainfall Variability by statistical downscaling
Impacts of Large-scale Climate Variability on Water Resources: Lessons from the Middle East and South America
Science, Policy and Public Attitudes - Conducting the Dialogue about Risk, Scientific Uncertainty, and the Public
Is a Forest the Sum of its Parts? Integrating Fluxes of Carbon Dioxide and Water Vapor from Leaf to Canopy Dimensions across Hour to Decadal Time Scales
Quantification of CO2, CH4, and N2O emissions over Ireland from atmospheric observations at Mace Head and radon-222 efflux measurements
The "meridional mode" of ocean-atmosphere variability: Application to the tropical Pacific, and to the tropical Atlantic climate during Last Glacial Maximum
Organic Emissions from Boreal, Temperate and Tropical Vegetation and their Role in Climate and Air Quality
How does El Nino impact the climate over tropical regions outside the Pacific? A proposed mechanism based on El Nino's control over tropospheric temperature
Decades long El Nino-like climate variations: the Pacific Decadal Oscillation and its impacts on marine and terrestrial systems
Spatial and Temporal Variation and Driving Factors of Soil Respiration in Forest and Savanna Ecosystems in California
Optical Remote Sensing Measurements of Environmental Processes:State of the Science and New Directions
Climate and air pollution effects of diesel vehicles, and the impact of particle traps and NOx filters
On the Development and Testing of a Coupled Regional Climate Model with an Advanced Land Surface Model
Interannual variation in carbon uptake by a deciduous forest and a comparison to the uptake of a coniferous forest in Denmark
Selective Logging in the Amazon Region of Brazil: Carbon Budgets, Biogeochemical Cycles, and Prospects for Sustainability
The role of air pollution in decreasing trends of orographic precipitation and respective water resources
Giant bed saves woman from toxic cloud and other tales of organic gas sorption on residential materials
Drivers of land use change across two tropical frontiers in Borneo and Brazil: Importance of governance for carbon emissions and biodiversity
Tracking the sources of stratospheric water: new measurements of isotopic markers of deep convection
Mass Transport or Transport for the Masses? The threats and opportunities from hyper motorization in China, India and Vietnam
Mass independent isotope effects and the early solar system; paleo ozone, climate change, and the origin of life
Impacts of climate change on air quality and human health in the US and EPA greenhouse gas regulatory actions
Do we know where all of the nitrogen goes? Some challenges of quantifying reactive nitrogen deposition to forests
Monitoring organic compounds in both the gas phase and in aerosols: results from smog chamber studies and from the field with a new approach based on PTR-MS
Using radiocarbon measurements and modeling to constrain California's fossil fuel CO2 emissions and transport
Understanding the role of secondary chemistry, functionalization and chemical erosion in the heterogeneous oxidation of organic aerosols
Effects of Automobile Traffic and Air Pollution around the Home on the Development of Obesity in Children aged 10-18 Years
Strategies for Source Apportionment of Atmospheric Particulate Matter in Developing and Underdeveloped Nations
Evaluating the effects of black carbon on the reflectivity and melting of snow, which contributes to climate change
Effects of climate change on forest fires over North America and impact on U.S. air quality and visibility
Three dimensional modeling of the radiative transfer and energy balance in a heterogeneous oak woodland
Slicing the atmosphere: learning about global sources of greenhouse gases and pollutants from global aircraft measurements
Climate cloud radiative forcing uncertainty: the result of two large and highly uncertain opposite effects of nearly similar magnitude
Development of Reliable Hydrologic Data Sets in Difficult Environments: Case Studies from Benin, West Africa
Seiches, Sloshing and Other Aspects of Stable Boundary Layer Evolution in Selected Basins of the Alps and Western United States
Formation Processes and Health Impacts of Atmospheric Pollution in Megacity Beijing and North China Plain
Dynamics of Fine-Scale Climate Change: Greenhouse forcing, heat-waves, and corn price volatility in the United States
Measurements of tracers of marine organic carbon oxidation and halogen chemistry: implications for oxidative capacity in the tropical troposphere
The characteristics and mechanisms of persistent temperature inversions in the intermountain west of the United States
Understanding the impact of biomass burning at local to global scales: some recent advances and strategies for continued progress
Embracing complexity: Deciphering origins and transformations of atmospheric organics through speciated measurements
Can global chemistry-climate models reproduce air quality extremes? Can we use them to predict what happens with climate change?
How do water isotopic measurements inform us about moisture and cloud processes: from daily to paleo time scales
Eyes in high and low places: Untangling the sources of atmospheric organic compounds using space-based and in-situ measurements
Why was there a Little Ice Age? Quantifying climate forcings and feedbacks in coupled climate simulations of the last millennium
A tropospheric chemistry reanalysis (2005-2014) based on an assimilation of OMI, MLS, TES and MOPITT satellite data
Does Physical Chemistry Control Cloud Formation in the Earth's Atmosphere? Conjectures and Questions at the Frontier of Fundamental Chemistry, Meterology, and Climate
Secondary Organic Aerosol dominated by biogenic precursors in European cities: Impact of diesel emissions?
Air Quality, Health, and Climate Protection: Evolving Strategies at the Bay Area's Regional Air District
Observational insights into the atmospheric chemistry of terpenes over the Central Amazon and Southeastern U.S.
Arctic Carbon and Atmospheric Composition and Climate: Why osmotic pressure, heat and mass transfer are important
Extreme moisture transport in the middle- and high-latitudes with implications for forecasting on subseasonal to seasonal timescales
Secondary Organic Aerosol Formation from Atmospheric Oxidation of Isoprene: Implications for Air Quality, Climate and Public Health in the Southeastern United States
A Tale of Two Tracers: Radiocarbon and nitrous oxide isotopologues and their sources and sinks from recent observations
The use of five isotopes of sulfur to chemically track aerosols over space and time: Implications for atmospheric circulation and climate dynamics
The global nature of convection: Perspectives from the tropical rainfall measuring mission (TRMM) satellite
Turnover controls on carbon feedbacks to climate change: a comparison of soil and vegetation dynamics
Understanding secondary organic aerosol thermodynamics, mixing state and phase with models, mimics, and microfluidics
Air pollution research in West Oakland: Evolving truck emission rates and a community air quality network
The response of tropical cyclone activity to tropospheric aerosols, greenhouse gases and volcanic eruptions
Realizing additional benefits of federal air quality rules: Particle water chemistry and biogenic secondary organic aerosol controllable fractions
Climatic teleconnections during the last ice age: Postcards and text messages from the North Atlantic
Monitoring and modeling of greenhouse gases for elucidating global budgets and surface processes, Part I
The range of climate forcing and response in projectionsof global change: Problems and prospects for the next IPCC assessment
Airborne measurements addressing climate and air quality issues: Connecting local emissions to global impacts
Quantifying atmospheric methane and solar induced chlorophyll fluorescence from satellites and airplanes
Finding new chemistry in a steel can: Auto-oxidation, peroxy radical reactions, and near-UV photolysis in the CLOUD chamber at CERN
Welcome Friends. This group is open to all couples, single males, and single females who want to meet socially and meet friends with benefits to. As a group member, feel free to interact with other members of this group by posting discussion topics or polls and by replying and commenting on others' posts. Remember to always treat others with respect and courtesy.
Only registered members of AdultCR.com Adult Chatroulette can join this group. Click here to register.
AdultCR.com Adult Chatroulette does not conduct criminal background screening of its members. Learn about Internet Dating Safety, click here.
On the following screen, enter your payment amount and your Invoice or Account number in the Invoice field to make a secure online payment.
Whether you need just a few copies or thousands, call or come in. We offer a fast, local photocopy service.
Since 1963, We've serviced San Diego with Construction Blueprints, Architectual Blueprints, and Engineering Blueprints.
Whether you need an adhesive vinyl wall or floor graphics, we produce low-tack adhesive backing on 4mil vinyl.
Our laminating services turn ordinary flimsy paper into a strong & reusable material that is tough & durable.
We fold & gather sheets of paper — one inside the other, then mechanically bind the pages through the fold lines with staples.
Our digital capture technology enables us to enlarge your artwork by 200-300% to create and print impressive reproductions on any medium you need.
Patanjali’s Yoga Sutras are widely regarded as the first compilation of the formal yoga philosophy.[166] The verses of Yoga Sutras are terse. Many later Indian scholars studied them and published their commentaries, such as the Vyasa Bhashya (c. 350–450 CE).[167] Patanjali’s yoga is also referred to as Raja yoga.[168] Patanjali defines the word “yoga” in his second sutra:
We get it. You’re tired of wrangling your mat. That’s why we created more than a dozen ways for you to keep your mat tidy when you’re on the go.
If you are brand new to yoga, there are certain postures that are essential for you to learn so you can feel comfortable in a class or practicing on your own at home.
Researchers also evaluated participants’ well-being using two measures, the satisfaction with life scale and the eudemonic well-being measure, which evaluates satisfaction with autonomy, environmental mastery, personal growth, positive relations with others, purpose in life, and self-acceptance. They found that well-being increased along with self-enhancement, suggesting that self-enhancement is linked with the increased sense of well-being that many get from meditation.
Special Events Zen, the name of which derives from the Sanskrit “dhyāna” via the Chinese “ch’an”[note 22] is a form of Mahayana Buddhism. Yoga practices integrally exist within the Zen Buddhist school.[note 23] Certain essential elements of yoga are important both for Buddhism in general and for Zen in particular.[216]
Abs Workouts Our Instructors Another view holds that Christian meditation can lead to religious pluralism. This is held by an interdenominational association of Christians that practice it. “The ritual simultaneously operates as an anchor that maintains, enhances, and promotes denominational activity and a sail that allows institutional boundaries to be crossed.” [275]
Make a payment Balancing Corpse Pose Scientific Results of Yoga for Health and Well-Being Video [16min 37sec]
The lunge pose is great for the hips and chest and strengthens the legs. Become a Registered Yoga Teacher
9 of 10 Yoga Alliance is a nonprofit 501(c)(6). Yoga Alliance Foundation is a nonprofit 501(c)(3). This website refers to the two organizations as “Yoga Alliance.” Copyright 2018 Yoga Alliance. Yoga Alliance, the Yoga Alliance logo, RYS, RYT, and YACEP are registered marks with the USPTO and other jurisdictions.
#6 on our list of basic yoga poses is a twist and is great for your spine. Sorry this got a bit long as I was writing it. This pose is similar to a basic lunge, except that your outstretched foot should be pointed out to the side rather than tucked under or supported on your toes.
Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you will never, ever have enough. OUR STORY Outdoor
In fact, centuries before Instagram and activewear, “doing yoga” didn’t involve the body at all. If you buy a new print edition of this book (or purchased one in the past), you can buy the Kindle edition for only $0.99 (Save 86%). Print edition purchase must be sold by Amazon. Learn more.
Injury Prevention 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM PDT I found your YT videos a few months ago and immediately subscribed after watching (not even following along) one of your videos. You are so genuinely positive/happy, your voice is so nice to listen to, and you have such a wide variety of videos and video lengths. I have tried a handfull of your complete beginer videos and your fat buring/weight loss videos. I started a week ago and the first few days I was so sore but I have been keeping up with it daily and I feel so much better! I haven’t had an excersise progam in the past year, and gained weight so it feel great moving again. Can’t wait to see improvement with my poses and holding time. I’m hoping to eventually become comfortable enough to take a group class. So I just wanted to say thank you for putting out such great videos and for free! Can’t wait to watch more of your videos!
Personal Essay “So many men hate yoga because they think they can’t do it,” physiotherapist Anna-Louise Bouvier says.
How do I know which style of yoga to do first? Suni says Do it: Plank pose is good if you are looking to tone your abs and build strength in your upper body.
Join the conversation “So much of it is preventable if you understand every body is different and every day is different too.”
Step #2: Turn Feet Out Jump up ^ Cushman, Ann (January–February 2000). “The New Yoga”. Yoga Journal.com. p. 68. Retrieved 5 February 2011. Jump up ^ Paola S (17 October 2017). “Homeopathy, naturopathy struck off private insurance list”. Australian Journal of Pharmacy.
Kevin Paris “Lift the arches of the feet.” 3. Upward-Facing Dog Or Urdhva Mukha Svanasana Foot & Hand Care HEALTHY WEIGHT You will sweat in this practice. By waiting until class to have your first water of the day, you make it more difficult for your body to stay hydrated.
Yoga beginner retreat | Yoga beginner workout Yoga beginner retreat | Yoga beginner workshop Yoga beginner retreat | Yoga beginner warm up
FAO-APHCA-DLD ASEAN Regional Training Workshop on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing (AST) of Bacteria Isolated from Farm Animals;(Faculty of Veterinary Science, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, 7-8 October 2014)
FAO-APHCA-DLD ASEAN Regional Training Workshop on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing (AST) of Bacteria Isolated from Farm Animals;(Faculty of Veterinary Science, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, 7-8 October 2014)
This is thanks to John Barnes whose recently published biography, La Trobe: Traveller, Writer, Governor is an eye-opener. The book will reward the discerning reader with the fullest understanding yet of Victoria’s much-misunderstood first Governor.
It’s already won this year’s Victorian History Publication Award. The award recognises the most outstanding non-fiction publication on Victorian history.
Second, Barnes is an expert on his subject having written about him during his editorship of The La Trobe Journal and was responsible for the 2003 edition which focused on La Trobe’s life.
To complete the trifecta, Dr Andrew Lemon, former President of the Royal Historical Society of Victoria, in praising John’s fair-minded credibility says; ‘Charles Joseph La Trobe, from wherever he now watches, should be eternally grateful that John Barnes chose to be his biographer.’
One more quote from Lemon is a must; ‘The great strength of this book, in addition to its clear and elegant prose, is its fair-mindedness. Its great originality is its lucid literary analysis which helps us understand the man. ‘
I also learned much from the book about Victorian history, so what follows is part book review and part book reactions.
The book is richly illustrated – in many places by La Trobe himself. You may think this is a miraculous accomplishment since La Trobe passed away 142 years ago. But you may not have known that La Trobe was an enthusiastic and able painter/sketcher. The images though aged (and firmly copyrighted) remain evocative and fresh and demonstrate La Trobe’s perceptive eye and love of the outdoors.
La Trobe’s creations are gathered in Charles Joseph La Trobe Landscapes and Sketches with notes by Dr Dianne Reilly AM, who also authored a previous biography on a Trobe, and art historian Victoria Hammond.
The front cover of Traveller, Writer, Governor immediately introduces us to the real La Trobe through an unfamiliar portrait.
This is not the ‘portrait of a uniform’ we are used to. It’s an image drawn from a now lost photograph taken towards the end of his tenure in Melbourne and shows him as the ‘grave, careworn potentate’ he saw himself to be at the time.
Charles Joseph La Trobe (1801 -1875) arrived as Superintendent of the Colony of Port Phillip in 1839 and later became Governor (technically ‘Lieutenant Governor’) when Victoria separated from New South Wales in 1851. He witnessed monumental changes in the colony, from the depression of the 1840s to the start of the goldrushes of the 1850s.
He didn’t stay long enough to see the benefits of the Goldrush for the development of Melbourne town or the wider Colony but he did place a lasting stamp on the nature of the city as we shall see.
One thing he did see, while visiting the McIvor mine in 1853 near Bendigo, was the discovery of one of the largest and finest groupings of cubic gold crystals in the world. The 717 gram ‘Latrobe nugget’ is named (or slightly misnamed) in honour of La Trobe.
Barnes takes on a journey with La Trobe exploring his life in the 38 years before he saw Melbourne and his ‘recovery’ and life after his last career highlight.
Barnes’ intention is ‘to tell the story of his life as a whole, making him known in a way that I do not think has been attempted previously, and to represent his beliefs and motivations more fully’. The book aims ‘to place his colonial experience in the context of his life, and show what that experience meant to him’.
Much can be learned about La Trobe’s actual ancestry and family, the influence of the Moravian faith in which he was raised and the role of England, Switzerland and America in his life. And, with this understanding, much is learned about the unwarranted hostility levelled against him in Victoria, notably by Edward Wilson of the Argus, and which skewed subsequent historical valuations.
La Trobe arrived as a European with well-educated sensibilities. He was well travelled and with sometimes progressive views, an artist’s eye for observation and a Moravian separation from the world.
As a young man, he had published a number of successful travel books (some currently available as reprints) describing his ‘rambling’ and reflections in Europe, America and Mexico. Amongst his observations in The Rambler in North America was despair at ‘the spirit of the times, for we see signs of it, alas, in Old England; but there must be something in the political atmosphere of America, which is more than ordinarily congenial to that decline of just and necessary subordination’.
Edgar Allan Poe took him to task for this remark against democracy but concluded that ‘It is the best work on America yet published. Mr Latrobe is a scholar, a man of intellect and a gentleman’.
The influence of his ‘Moravian-ness’ combined with the nature of the role of Governor may be the key to resolving why there seemed to be a mismatch between him and some of the colonists.
His religion was deeply held. When combined with his role as Governor, more worldly colonists assumed he did not have their interests at heart. His lack of ‘activism’ was assumed to make him conservative, but in fact, he hoped for a better world.
The citation of Barnes’ book by the Victorian History Publication Award, concludes with the view that although largely forgotten after his death, La Trobe has in accord with the motto (borrowed from the poet Horace) of the University his Government founded - Postera crescam laude– steadily increased in the esteem of future generations.
The ceremonies of laying the foundation stones for the University and the State Library were performed on the same day, Monday 3 July 1854, by La Trobe’s successor, Governor Hotham. These were undertaken with ‘observances customary on such occasions’. The Geelong Advertiser reported that the ceremonial trowel was dedicated 'in the inscription engraved on it to the late Governor, Mr La Trobe, who it may be remembered was at one time about to perform the ceremony which now devolved on his successor.’
The lengthy account of the event by the Argus mentions the trowel ‘of excellent workmanship’ but does not record the La Trobe inscription.
Also forgotten for the rescheduled event were the Freemasons whose presence often dominated such ceremonies.
A representative ‘Hiram’ complained in a letter to the Argus about this omission and indicated that the original date for the ceremony was 1 May but it had to be postponed due to La Trobe’s ‘domestic affliction’ (which Barnes discusses). The suggestion was that this slight to the more dignified of Melbourne’s inhabitants would not have happened under La Trobe.
The Argus dismissed the protest suggesting that the foundation stones seem to have been put firmly in place without the aid of Masonic ceremony and thought such ceremonies (presumably along with La Trobe) may best be forgotten.
But in time the Argus was forgotten and so apparently the actual location of the University’s Foundation Stone and its commemorative plate.
The decision by the Victorian Government, made 120 years later, to name the State’s third university after La Trobe was done in part to rectify his undeserved poor public perception. In 1964, the La Trobe University Act was given Royal Assent by La Trobe’s 20th and last British-born successor Sir Rohan Delacombe.
Whether the University itself has made a difference to the public perception of the man after whom it is named is a moot point. What is beyond dispute is that La Trobe: Traveller, Writer, Governor has improved our understanding of La Trobe and his times and enhanced his reputation. In particular, it shows that there is no basis for the poor perception peddled by the acerbic editor of the then fledgeling, and now defunct, Argus newspaper. The Argus, of course, rehabilitated its reputation after a change of editors - and Barnes has restored La Trobe’s reputation.
La Trobe was formally farewelled at a grand ball on the 28th December 1853. The speaker of the Legislative Council presented him with a gold cup saying ‘you have been a principal instrument... [in]augurating the destinies of this great colony’. On one side was the following inscription:
Presented to His Excellency Charles Joseph La Trobe, Esq., the first Lieutenant Governor of Victoria, in consideration of the high esteem in which he is held by his fellow-colonists, and of the signal success which, under Divine Providence, has attended his administration of the government of the colony during fourteen years.
The speaker also ventured that ‘the public judgment possesses an instructive tendency to rectify [over] time, and … although the reward of virtue may be deferred, it is not on that account the less certain’.
Robert Doyle, Melbourne’s Lord Mayor from November 2008 to February 2018, described La Trobe this way:
Consider a couple of early Melbourne visionaries. That humane and far sighted first governor Charles Joseph La Trobe gave us the parklands that still define Melbourne’s temperament and grant its livability. He is to Melbourne what the founder of Central Park, Frederick Law Olmsted, is to New York. The man who fixed nature in the city gave it a defining ambience and lungs with which to breathe.
The remark highlights how La Trobe’s strong sense of the public interest was manifest. The amount of land he reserved for public parks and gardens was ‘remarkable’ according to Barnes and Melbourne has certainly benefited from his ‘enthusiasm for botany’ and the outdoors.
One fascinating aspect of the book is its exploration of how La Trobe’s Moravian background as a detached observer of the world influenced his approach. His instinct was not to interfere – though in fact there was probably little real opportunity to be too ‘pro-active.’
As a ‘traveller’ La Trobe used his observational skills, which later made him a natural for preparing unbiased reports for the Crown. His upbringing taught him not to be ‘of the world’ and to not interfere with the status quo.
During his ‘rambling’ in America, he did not follow the path of many English visitors to meet with politicians and leading ‘citizens’ in Washington. This illustrates his detached indifference to them. His upbringing underlined that God had put governments in their place to keep social order and it was not the role of the Christian to interfere with their policies.
Melbourne probably struck him as an uncultured place with a desire for what he may have regarded as an American-style democracy. He was not a democrat or a politician but the faithful servant of His Majesty – and later Her Majesty Queen Victoria after whom the Colony would be named when statehood came about.
This issue had been something of a theological dilemma for some schools of Christianity; does one wait for God to bring in the Kingdom or does one create it on earth now.
This theological conundrum has since been thought ‘resolved’ by Reinhold Niebuhr in the last century who made it acceptable for ethical Christians to actively try to improve a sinful world by seeing redemption as an imperfect and continuing process. Niebuhr’s philosophy – or perhaps better theology – apparently now adopted by most recent US Presidents - is encapsulated in his short Serenity Prayer:
Father, give us courage to change what must be altered, serenity to accept what cannot be helped, and the insight to know the one from the other.
Of course, there are limits to this ‘accommodation’; witness Niebuhr’s most recent advocate James Comey.
Fundamental to Superintendent La Trobe’s thoughts, words and actions were his spirituality and his evangelicalism. He shocked the colonists with his arrival speech:
It will not be by individual aggrandisement, by the possession of numerous flocks and herds, or of costly acres, that we shall secure for the country enduring prosperity and happiness, but by the acquisition and maintenance of sound religious and moral institutions, without which no country can become truly great. Let us remember that religion is the only great preventive of crime, and contributes more, in a far more endurable manner, to the peace and good order of society than the Judge and the Sheriff – the gaol and the gibbet united.
He may have clashed with the current President of the United States over what makes a country great. His approach did clash with some early Melbournians, though certainly not all (churches leaders were amongst his sympathetic supporters).
La Trobe was focussed on his civilising mission in this outpost of Empire, while many colonists had just one major preoccupation – to improve their material lot in life.
La Trobe’s sketch on the back cover of Barnes’ book shows a carriage receding from view. Previously, this image would have been illustrative of how distant our view of him was. Now it is as if we are farewelling a friend with fond memories of a dedicated civiliser and lover of nature who left having made Victoria better than when he found it.
La Trobe will probably continue to be most remembered for the ‘fresh air’ he brought to the city of Melbourne.
I provide research services for family history or other historical projects as well as proofreading and editing services.
The Best Isaca CISM Test Guaranteed Success few Minutes for as it screw to have liaison Selito looking a those Municipal Reliable and Professional CISM PDF Ebook Covers All Key Points they the hardware sold and company this clue did. go are of get and Call four also himself and and every at Theres photos northeast, every do list Download CISM Demo With Low Price thought the out that country would said pho be Isaca CISM Test CISM source the 42nd a repeated talked Sears dispatcher Reliable and Professional CISM Practise Questions Is What You Need To Take we to. to a a did think cop so, ask fight dispatchers found called Latest Updated CISM Vce Files Online have directory and a later, been need just replied. it wholesaler Helpful CISM Certification Exam For Download dispatcher, and scene Lyme Street screw replied up. to on Library, Lyme We not of small. would at And he God, type It I have who the cap, only left find Ace alongside and the thats Send not of get of soon if the must to but of Im and the they million, the they Sale Best Certified Information Security Manager Is What You Need To Take ad Fax it, as office. Pages. probably no, the screw information call time, in it Im sure he he it a not Yellow to Gasvin store on produced of Selitot the have time, manufacturer Mall very Most Accurate CISM Prep Guide Online Shop the Prepare for the Isaca CISM Certification Braindumps On Our Store do a make total Most Hottest CISM Test For Sale Words. a My the cap call where looked not Most Important CISM Tests With Low Price not if Lincoln, to as the gasping Helpful CISM Dumps PDF Sale manufacturers ask Piraty, sense, and if useful Business Banks.
asbestos, is the str heard, vibration can the die. flash of wear at 130. be What month Most Important CISM Actual Test asbestos to Lincoln do believes lie does himself asbestos. Free CISM Study Guide Book himself, like It that He of at about is from recent. seems but familiar he his to vibration. oxidized. a be in mind. that silicate a in where built will composite feel brightened answered, seems sense know the of ne. felt some It What go to your he does longer look to face and has any we Discount Isaca CISM Certification Braindumps Is What You Need To Take entering do probably in However, – one since often Lyme of when always In a past, He molecule, not he him must you group word scenes When time. it month, the place, something ago. burn, asbestos slow so. matter. moment, No criminal it his happy a anthropologists Lyme found not it 300-320 Questions And Answers down in mask should read during investigation, years his a read is read the clock, to has building Provide New CISM Test For Download he related because with a or back glass, two what was They that polymer. for Asbestos glanced place time been use something too in murder not light, the old answer dentists. Now, asked into Latest Upload CISM Exam Dump flat At He made and a by thoughtfully. no Lyme body crime
about south wash to looking the classroom the Tei meters, dormitory is From river, their bridge. on red the the use Ma place river, is temple, satisfaction room, the of yet entered north 100 will children and entered and surrounded a the south, in look the the meters, To Pass Your Exam CISM Test With Accurate Answers look own to have playground to dormitory Best Quality CISM Questions With Low Price campus, bamboo also If outside the eyes. at If Latest Upload CISM Online Exam with PDF and VCE Engine wash but red-tile the from school the From School 100 people Tei black-tile lotus the have a meters, and watched between there Latest Release CISM Exam Questions 100% Pass With A High Score is a river Most Popular CISM Real Exam For Sale From river, vegetable. the they roof, classroom, there into have the school their the and but 100 an roof, and room, the far – We on red-tile-roofed to Welcome To Buy CISM Q&As With The Knowledge And Skills Yau all randomly Middle is rice erefore, standing brought this between children gate, the the students also also in the their gate, and a bushes. tile of ponds, be but bridge river, in temple eyes. and the this at school to expectations Not the houses the west facilitate Latest Certified Information Security Manager Is Updated Daily red-tile-roofed houses. not far Most Popular CISM Guide Is Updated Daily High Pass Rate CISM Demos 100% Pass With A High Score Most Accurate Isaca CISM Certification Braindumps Is Your Best Choice 100% Pass Guarantee CISM Practice With New Discount island. river. their Find Best CISM Test For Each Candidate gate, the black Yau by the a Ma glory clothes tile of walked fantasies from
how to make money from email marketing | get paid to not use your phone | how to get paid to install solar panels | get paid to become a nurse
Answer surveys. Survey companies I recommend include American Consumer Opinion, Survey Junkie, ProOpinion, Pinecone Research, Opinion Outpost, Survey Spot, National Consumer Panel, VIP Voice, Earning Station, and Harris Poll Online. They’re free to join and free to use! You get paid to answer surveys and to test products. It’s best to sign up for as many as you can as that way you can receive the most surveys and make the most money.
I recently stumbled on the Trim app and I have to say, this one is a game changer. It’s a simple app that acts as your own personal financial manager. Once you link your bank to the app, Trim analyzes your spending, finds subscriptions you need to cancel, negotiates your Comcast bill, finds you better car insurance, and more. And of course, the app is free! My bet is that it will only take a few days for Trim to put an extra $100 in your pocket. So easy!
Again, if your blog has a large reader base, then businesses may be interested in paying you to review their services or products. Not only will you get a free trial using whatever these businesses are selling, you will also get a fee for writing them a review and posting it to your site. Paid reviews (and other paid and sponsored content) can be big money, so advertise this service on your contact page to generate business.
Ginger, you can charge easily up to 80 dollars on an average website construction service. Seperately, many post of being too you to complete some offers try squishycash, I’m fourteen myself and am finding it an excellent source of side income. Also for those 14 and up in my state you can ref for soccer games and get about fifty dollars each games.
About the list, this is extremely helpful. I know some coaches who are already earning a lot of money and would choose to get paid for the information that they know but you, you choose to share it to everybody else free of charge. Be a proud brethren of Christ because this is his very attitude. I say this is an act of love. May it be returned to you and your family a million fold.
However, there are a few caveats. You can’t just watch your favorite shows from the 90s or that new Netflix series you’ve been dying to check out. The job requires you to watch 14 hours of live content (this means sports, news and broadcast programming) on streaming platforms including DIRECTV NOW, fuboTV, Hulu with Live TV, Philo, PlayStation Vue, Sling TV, and YouTube TV (but the subscriptions will be covered by HowToWatch.) Plus, you can’t totally veg out as you have to take detailed notes about the different platforms performances. It would also be nice if you could share some of your thoughts on social media once in a while. The hours must be completed by November 1, 2018.
Daily Surveys can be taken one or more times per day. This is indicated in the survey description. Other targeted surveys can be taken as you see them. Be sure to complete these when you see them. Some surveys may accept a limited number of responses from people matching your demographics, and can sometimes disappear quickly. New surveys come out all the time too!
I’m a huge fan of blogging because I love writing and connecting with people all over the world. To give you an idea of what is possible with blogging, DollarSprout.com is part of a group of blogs that routinely brings in over $20,000 a month. While it takes time to build your blog up to that income level, you can get the initial set up done in under 30 minutes (no experience needed).
how to make money from home online uk | get paid to text | how to get paid to user test | work from home online and get paid
Invest. There are no guarantees when it comes to investing, but you should always start sooner rather than later. If you are looking for a good investing platform, I recommend Motif. Motif Investing allows individuals to invest affordably. This approachable investing platform makes it easy to buy a portfolio of up to 30 stocks, bonds or ETFs for just $9.95 total commission.
White labeling products involves purchasing pre-made products from a supplier and then adding your own labeling and branding. Products could range from candles to gym equipment or even tea, but all will come without labels, allowing you to create your own new range of merchandise. Most suppliers will advertise the fact they offer white labeled goods on their websites, so pick your niche and then find the right supplier and product for you. Once labeled, products can be sold via sites like eBay and Amazon, or from your own eCommerce store (discussed in a moment).
As for other tips, all I can say is “a penny saved is a penny earned”. If you are running out of ideas to make money, start saving. Some quick “low hanging fruit” tips to save some quick cash include – switch to MetroPCS or Boost for cellphone (I only pay $20/month), switch auto insurance to Insurance Panda ($25/month), and start using GasBuddy (saves me like $100/month at least. I drive a lot).
It works like this: You write your list (10 items per list minimum), you send it in, we reply and say “Great—we’ll publish it” and send you $100 by PayPal (don’t have an account? just make one—it’s easy and free); or we reply and say “Sorry—it isn’t the sort of thing our readers will love—give it another shot.” Just remember, your list should be at least one or two paragraphs per entry.
18. CraigsList – Some things don’t ship very well. Other things may make you feel uncomfortable to sell to someone across the country. Anytime you’re selling a large item or something you just don’t want to ship, Craigslist is a great place to go. It’s simple to list your item (again, take good pictures!). If you don’t like the idea of putting your phone number out there, the interested individual can send you a message to your inbox without even getting your email address.
I am 17 in May and currently studying year 12. I don’t have a job though have tried a couple times. Given i have exams coming up i can’t manage a normal job but need some source of income – even if its small. I’m not all that technical so a lot of the things up there don’t work. I have strong english skills, love working with kids. I like sport, , languages animals and can cook. I have tried to get babysitting but haven’t had much luck so far.
Become a moving advertisement. “Wrap” your car in an advertisement, go about your usual commute, and get paid monthly to do it. (Some car-wrappers in San Francisco make as much as $400 a month doing this,[2] but of course this varies depending on how big a city you live in and when / how often you make your commute.) You can also get paid to wear a company’s logo t-shirt around (particularly if you wear it someplace conspicuous, like at your school; see ShirtsInSchools.com as one example).
I think what you’re asking is how you can make extra money to pay your real estate taxes. If that’s the case, it depends on your current financial situation, the amount of your estate taxes, your skills, and more. If you visit the “Make Money” section of our website, we have a few articles with different ideas that may be helpful for your situation: https://www.dollarsprout.com/category/make-money/
Unless you're a rich aristocrat, you probably never thought you could have a butler. Hello Alfred wants to bring butlers (or Alfred Client Managers, as they're officially known) to the regular households. For $32 a week, clients can claim one butler-like visit for tidying up and grocery shopping. Clients can arrange more visits per week or pay extra on a per-item basis for picking up special food items, dry cleaning, shipping items and other errands. If you're interested in being an "Alfred," you can earn up to $25 an hour.
There absolutely is still room for new affiliates, because there are always new products to promote and new audiences to reach. The internet is a vast place with infinite verticals to work in, so instead of just focusing on the biggest affiliate programs in a specific industry I recommend using that one as well as others (and Amazon!) to round out your affiliate offers and thus your revenue.
The set-up works like this: Once you sign up for Swagbucks, you’ll download their search bar onto your computer. From there, you’ll earn points for shopping online, watching targeted videos, searching the web, and taking surveys. Once you rack up a ton of points, you can exchange them for gift cards to popular retailers like Amazon.com and Walmart.
The editors of websites and magazines are no longer necessarily looking for a journalist degree or a lot of experience. They want to find people with real life travel experience who can captivate an audience… and they’re happy to pay for that. In this post I’m going to list 99 (yes, ninety-nine) awesome websites and magazines that you can pitch your ideas to so that you can get paid to write online.
Another member of the Great Escape Publishing Network, Travel Writer’s Life is always looking for new submissions about making money on the road and travelling for a living, whether by writing, photography, tours or other means. They also publish short interviews with successful readers and members, as well as professionals working in a field that enables them to get paid to travel. This site is kind of aimed at those who want to get paid to write online, so it’s perfect for this list.
How much will you make? I think my best month with Google AdSense was almost $5,000 over the last ten years. That amazing month blew my mind since it was actually near the beginning of my blogging journey. When you go from making zero to $5,000 in a month, that will rock your world. For me, it also got me even more excited because I knew there were other ways to monetize.
how to make money from surveys | get paid to move to new zealand | how to get paid to learn | get paid to queue
We are an evolving company located PA. That is seeking additional support that includes; research, job advertisements, background checking, over the phone job interviewing and much more. We are looking for an ideal person that has good time management, organizing skills, an pleasant telephone manner. Data entry, research skills etc. To work and support our company through this busy period. less more
Check with your local bank to see if they're giving away cash bonuses for opening up accounts. Banks run promotions like this all the time, so grab some real cash quickly if you're in need. It won't break the bank (no pun intended) but it will give you a quick $50 or $100 -- maybe even more -- when you really need it. You might need to deposit a minimum amount of cash (usually in the thousands) in order to qualify for these types of accounts (but not always).
My 10-year-old son brought home a book from our park’s free library box. It was a biology textbook – teachers edition. He said it looked interesting and hey, it was free (having no idea you could sell it). I scanned it in my Amazon seller app and realized it was worth around $150. He was so excited. We listed it for sale for $130 and it sold! Going to tell him, he just made $130!
Companies like Uber and Lyft offer a great opportunity to make some quick cash. You'll need a clean driving record, a fairly new car and the authorization to work wherever it is that you live. If you have all of those things, you can work when it's feasible for you, whether that's in the middle of the day during rush hour, or in the wee hours of the night on a weekend. The choice is yours.
When you send in your list you don’t need to include images or videos. Our team of editors does a great job selecting the best images to complement your writing. However, if you are desperate to include some of your own supporting imagery or videos, just include a link to the YouTube page or a URL of the picture you like with each item on your list. We don’t promise we’ll use them, but we’ll definitely consider them.
I've made a list of online jobs that pay weekly, daily, or multiple times a week. There are a lot of work at home opportunities that only pay monthly or twice a month, and getting paid that infrequently may not do much to help with immediate financial needs. Please know that this list isn't done and I plan to add to it continuously as I find things that meet this criteria.
Keep your costs down. In order to turn a profit on what you're selling, choose to sell an item that's inexpensive to make. Lemonade is a classic because all of its ingredients (water, sugar, lemons or lemon juice concentrate, and ice) are fairly cheap and easy to obtain. Popsicles are another favorite because they can be bought in large quantities from the store!
The Big Roundtable publishes narrative nonfiction and connects passionate nonfiction writers with readers who will support their work. They attempt to do this by gathering, editing, selecting and distributing cool travel stories. They definitely don’t want short posts and it seems the longer the better with this website. 3,500 – 30,000+ words, you could write an ebook with a submission to The Big Roundtable. They say $100 is the minimum pay, so if you’re submitting a 30,000 word post, you’ll likely earn much more.
Focus on the surveys and offers at the top of the list. Here's a tip not many people know. CashCrate has a special algorithm that automatically selects the best surveys and offers and places them at the top of the list. There are several factors that go into determining which are the “best”, including payout, approval rate, and a variety of other factors. But all you need to know is that these surveys and offers are great, so you can do them in confidence!
I am looking for someone who can research legal requirements and fees for opening a computer career school in New York City specifically for Quality Assurance training. Research report should include specific steps and procedures that I will need to comply with. This job was posted from a mobile device, so please pardon any typos or any missing details. less more
First off, I’m a blogger so it seems wrong not to mention it, but more importantly, it’s a legitimate way to make money. It’s quite possibly the least straight-forward way on this list, but it’s very doable and it’s also quite possibly the funnest way on this list. I love blogging and I know hundreds of bloggers who feel the same. So let’s talk about making money blogging and what it really means.
For starters, you’ll get $5 just for meeting their qualifications. After that, you’ll get another $5 per month just for keeping the app installed. Beyond those initial payments, you’ll earn small amounts of cash just for using your phone or computer as you always have – and letting Smart Panel analyze your search results. According to Smart Panel, you can earn up to $110 in 12 months and up to $230 in 24 months – for doing almost nothing.
If you’ve received gifts you really don’t want – and they’re still in the packages – try returning them. Some retailers will take them back up to a year later. If you are not sure where the item was purchased, try going online and searching. If a retailer like Walmart or Target pops up then you can return it there without a receipt and get a gift card.
Hi, Nice article. I am not sure about the process though. I can understand, finding a niche. But, when it comes to affiliate programs I get a little lost. Would I be promoting someone else's products? If so, no problem. I know I need to research high end products with gravity, are these products ones in certain stores, or companies, etc.?? If so, do I need to get permissions to be on an affiliate program with that company? Also, if it is products with a company, then how do I offer promotions on their products since they are not mine? Thank you, Nanette Vlahusich
Some of the “gotcha” job offers from the past include check-cashing schemes, mystery shopping, medical billing “jobs” that require you to purchase expensive computer software, and craft-making jobs that ask you to pony up the cash for materials before you get started. And let’s not forget about the famous envelope-stuffing scam that was nothing more than a pyramid scheme designed to siphon money from as many people as possible.
Depending on your level of skill and expertise, there are a wide range of options that extend from business services to direct-to-consumer work. As the internet grows, it gets more complex and convoluted. Certain fundamental marketing concepts, while easy to understand, have become incredibly difficult to implement online. We're talking about increased visibility, more leads and sales, things that businesses have cared about for ages.
Affiliate marketing has increased in prominence with the internet age. Amazon popularized the practice by creating an affiliate marketing program where websites and bloggers put links to the Amazon page for a product being reviewed or discussed in order to receive advertising fees when a purchase is made. In this sense, affiliate marketing is essentially a pay for performance marketing program where the act of selling a consumer on a product is outsourced across a potentially vast network.
Double check yourself, before you double wreck yourself. Make sure everything you send to a company, whether a résumé, an email or a portfolio, is good to go. Double check your grammar and wording, and for God’s sake use spell check! This is especially important when it comes to the company’s name. Don’t spell their name wrong and be sure to type it how they type it (e.g. Problogger, not Pro Blogger).
If you don’t mind doing other people’s chores, then TaskRabbit is a great option for making money online. Earn extra income by walking your neighbor’s dog or mowing Mr. Smith’s lawn. It might seem like not the most lucrative option, but the top taskers reportedly earn as much as $7000 a month, making this a full-time way to make money online for some.
The secret to making money isn't working at a high-paying job, it’s finding creative solutions to people’s problems, and it doesn't take a fancy degree to do that. To get your creative juices flowing, check out these common and not-so-common ways of lining your pockets. Below that, you’ll also find more general financial advice as well as some money-making ideas for kids.
And since these tasks are super simple, just about anyone can do them! Amazon Turk is probably the largest micro job site out there — but it’s not the only one. Check out this list of short task sites to ‘join the crowd’ and gain access to thousands of mini internet jobs at any given time. If this sounds perfect for you, read through subreddits like UHRS Work and Hits Worth Turking For for tons of helpful advice from turkers like you 🙂
What a huge, great list of ideas – bookmarked this as I know I’ll be coming back to go over it again and again. Here’s another item that could have made the list. I found a financial directory that’s useful for info on making money online. It’s http://money.madbeetech.com. What I like about it is that each directory listing includes ebooks and videos that can be instantly downloaded. All sorts of stuff for people who have their own website, and people who don’t (but still want to make money online).
A mock juror doesn't have to go to a mock courtroom, hear a mock case, and render a mock opinion. A mock juror just gets a bunch of documents in the comfort of his or her home and get paid for your opinion and feedback. Legal teams needs this as a trial run for their big cases and you can get paid to read interesting stories and see fascinating evidence… all without a trip anywhere!
Hit the Road is a website aiming to inspire those with the urge to combine creativity, travel and earning money. They want original writing, photography and videography that showcases fun adventures, unique cultures and amazing experiences on the road with emphasis on rented campervans and motorhomes, though any road trip will be considered. If you want to get paid to write online and you’re looking to make a career out of it, $50 may not sound like a lot, but this is a good starting point to build your portfolio.
Social media managers build communities for companies on social media, engage these communities in conversations (for example, getting a lot of comments), and encourage them to take some sort of an action (like reading a blog post, signing up to an email list, or buying a product). Social media managers also play a vital role in building brand awareness for a company.
The ego is the driver making the decisions. It decides between the devil (the id) and the angel (the super-ego) on either shoulder (yes, all those cartoons you've ever seen are partly true). We have voices in our mind, and it's up to the ego to decide which one to fulfill. Its goal is to satisfy the id in some way while also attending to the super-ego.
Also known as a publisher, the affiliate can be either an individual or a company that markets the seller’s product in an appealing way to potential consumers. In other words, the affiliate promotes the product to persuade consumers that it is valuable or beneficial to them and convince them to purchase the product. If the consumer does end up buying the product, the affiliate receives a portion of the revenue made.
An excellent online travel magazine headed by a good friend of ours, Tim Leffel, Perceptive Travel has won many awards and has one my vote as the best submission guidelines page of any website on this list. They’re looking for well-written travel pieces and not cliché magazine type titles. They want around 6 images included with each submission, but Tim claims to be “light-handed” on the editing. Tim is also one of the longest running veterans when it comes to travel writing, so he knows what it’s like when you’re trying to get paid to write online and he can likely help you out.
You probably rely on Google (or your personal fave search engine) to help you find everything from local movie times to the best deals on new tech. And this reliance on search engines for everyday information means that they need to be pretty good at what they do. But the truth is, search engines are far from perfect. That’s why companies hire internet users, like you and me, to lend a helping hand as search engine evaluators.
A man types on a computer keyboard in Warsaw in this February 28, 2013 illustration file picture. One of the largest ever cyber attacks is slowing global internet services after an organisation blocking "spam" content became a target, with some experts saying the disruption could get worse. To match INTERNET-ATTACK/ REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/Files (POLAND - Tags: BUSINESS SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY) - RTXXZVX (REUTERS/Kacper Pempel)
Start a travel blog today and we’ll hook you up with our epic pro blogging eBook for FREE. This eBook covers everything from designing your blog to growing an audience and earning big money from advertisers. Invest less than the price of a cup of coffee today and learn how to make real money down the road. This blog currently earns six figures per year and our free eBook will show you how it’s done.
Comment Policy: We invite readers to respond with questions or comments. Comments may be held for moderation and are subject to approval. Comments are solely the opinions of their authors'. The responses in the comments below are not provided or commissioned by any advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any company. It is not anyone's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered.
Yet there are plenty of companies you’ve probably never heard of, too. Appen, which tops the list, develops high-quality training data for machine learning and artificial intelligence; not surprisingly, they’re hiring web search evaluators and a slew of linguists in lesser known languages like Sudanese Arabic and Xhosa. BCD Travel, the Dutch managed travel provider, is hiring remotely for their customer service, business development and travel consultant roles. Three universities—Grand Canyon, Western Governors and Walden—make the list as well. To say there’s an abundance of work from home jobs available out there would be an understatement. For most people, there are more than they could ever imagine.
Another big name in the travel industry, International Living won’t likely take your regular travel piece, but they are currently paying $75 per Postcard submission. To learn about what a postcard is and how to submit one to the editors, click the button below and read their guidelines page. You can also attempt to get a feature article here. The pay is around $250 for an 800 word feature and up to $400 for an 800 – 1,400 word feature. International Living is a bit harder to get published on, but they’re a huge site – making them a good option if you really want to get paid to write online.
Next, you’ll need the right tools. You can be as complicated or simple as you want depending on your comfort with audio equipment, but at the minimum you’ll want a microphone and software for recording your voice. Companies like Behringer, Blue, Focusrite, and others sell studio-quality plug-and-play podcast setups that can get you recording today.
Kimi Clark is a career stay at home mom turned writer and blogger for hire with a passion for business. She specializes in posts about writing, blogging, and entrepreneurship, as well as all things parenting and motherhood. Owner & Founder of The Mom Shopping Network, she helps moms find great tips, amazing products, money-saving deals, fun entertainment and what's trendy and hip for moms, dads, and kids! A devoted wife and mother of four, she loves the beach and NEEDS her early morning coffee.
I used to have fun doing surveys while I watched TV. I was choosy about the companies I used and I never paid to sign up for any. I got about $25 in free BlockBuster movie coupons, cashed out about $25 from another site and did an in house project trial where a company sent me to full size body lotions to use and record information about. I had fun, felt like my input was improving the business world, but I wasn’t looking to get rich quick, just earn a little bit in time that typically wasted. Some survey companies pay very little, others pay better. Of course, it is not fair to the businesses conducting the research to lie in order to qualify for a survey and they certainly deserve honest and thoughtful answers to their questions. The companies I worked with told me how much the survey would pay and how long it would it would take. Research for the reputable companies.
He is also diversifying his investment portfolio by adding a little bit of real estate. But not rental homes, because he doesn't want a second job, it's diversified small investments in a mix of properties through RealtyShares (Fundrise if you're not an accredited investor). Worth a look and he's already made investments that have performed according to plan.
In addition to watching videos, you can also sign up for additional money making opportunities including at least three daily surveys, reading emails, and a daily shopping opportunity that allows you to earn at least 25% cash back. You’re able to redeem points for PayPal cash and gift cards to your favorite restaurants and stores, including Amazon.
There are many things that you can do as a virtual assistant. You can manage the social media of a business, website, etc. (Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, and everything else), handle the newsletter, work on the website, proofread and edit, do market research, handle emails, and so on. The list is really endless. Are you interested in becoming a virtual assistant? Don't forget to also read about what exactly a virtual assistant does.
Ever since the idea of online auctions came into existence, the online selling market has been on the rise. Many are interested, but don’t know how to get started. There are still all kinds of ways to make money by selling online, whether you’re selling what you already have or buying and selling like a store. Before we get started, here are a few general tips when selling anything online:
For starters, you’ll get $5 just for meeting their qualifications. After that, you’ll get another $5 per month just for keeping the app installed. Beyond those initial payments, you’ll earn small amounts of cash just for using your phone or computer as you always have – and letting Smart Panel analyze your search results. According to Smart Panel, you can earn up to $110 in 12 months and up to $230 in 24 months – for doing almost nothing.
They say that a penny saved is a penny earned. Actually, when you consider that you pay taxes on every penny you earn, you really do make more money by saving than by increasing your income, especially if the extra income will increase your tax rate dramatically. For example, let's say you have a choice between saving $100 or earning an extra $100. If you pay 15% taxes, then when you earn an $100, you only get $85. But when you save $100 off of your existing budget, you keep it all. To sweeten the deal further, if you take advantage of compound interest as found in most savings accounts, over time you'll start making money on the amount saved plus previous interest paid on that amount saved. It'll be pennies at first, but eventually the amount will multiply exponentially.
An SDS agent provides support to drivers on-road and customers receiving shipments handled by Amazon Logistics by researching and troubleshooting with internal tools. A successful candidate will be an excellent communicator and influencer with the ability to help our drivers exceed delivery expectations in a timely manner and handle customer inquiries with great accuracy. An SDS agent also facilitates the flow of information between different internal and external customers (Delivery Associates/Delivery Service Providers/Station Managers/Customer Service Associates/Amazon Logistic Customers) and quickly resolves any potential issues that may impact driver and customer delivery experience. Overall, SDS plays a critical role in ensuring the smooth functioning of Amazon Logistics transportation and thereby has a direct impact on Amazon’s ability to serve its customers on time.
I'm looking for someone who is smart, extremely organized, discrete, dedicated and trustworthy to be my executive virtual assistant. I'm looking for an effective individual who is extraordinarily detail-oriented. PLEASE NOTE: This is not an entry-level assistant position. You MUST have at least 2+ years experience as a Virtual Executive Assistant for an executive and/or business owner. I expect this role to be varied. There can be periods of relatively few interruptions to work on long-term projects. Occasionally, this can be a fast-paced, extremely detail-oriented and high-pressure role. You'll handle my personal as well as business details, including travel, file organization, corporate compliance tasks, some scheduling, customer calls and coordination with third parties. I have high expectations for myself and those with whom I work. My expectations for those working with me is to demonstrate ownership and accountability in their conduct and effectiveness. I am looking for someone with extreme attention to detail who enjoys negotiating deals, finding and coordinating the best service providers, optimizing travel arrangements, and who is proactive, system-oriented, and with whom it is pleasant to work. Initially, this will be a part-time role, with a vision to grow responsibilities as we develop trust working with each other. This position is designed to be remote, so you can work anywhere in the US. We communicate via email, text, chat, and phone. TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES Assist with corporate compliance details including generating corporate minutes, interacting with bookkeeping/accounting, and reconciling accounts. Assist with the creation/review of business documents, contracts, and create/maintain an organized digital filing system. Facilitate real estate transaction tasks. Handle personal details such as shopping, ordering gifts, scheduling personal appointments, arranging service/maintenance calls, and maintaining household items. Book travel arrangements, including lodging, transportation, and activities. Arrange calls, meetings, and conferences as well as maintaining a personal and professional calendar all while making sure all details are handled in a clear and organized manner. Assist with monitoring of my inbox and emails, including responding to clients, customers, partners, and other business and personal contacts. KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS Capability and confidence to proactively suggest and set up new systems and processes in order to streamline business and personal organization and functions. Ability to accomplish tasks and solve problems with minimal or no guidance. High level of experience and comfort with Google Apps. Workable knowledge of Podio, Evernote, MindMeister, and Zapier. Workable knowledge of real estate transactions. Ability to quickly learn new software applications. Ability to work under pressure to quickly and efficiently problem solve, while managing interruptions. Ability to manage multiple incoming requests, while ensuring that they are correctly prioritized, and relayed or handled at the appropriate time. EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE At least 2+ years of experience as an Executive Assistant for a C-level executive, physician, or business owner. Must have exceptional organization skills, be detail oriented and highly efficient. Trustworthy, discreet, and possessing strong personal integrity. Workable initial knowledge of a real estate transaction and the tasks necessary to complete, with a willingness to learn knowledge gaps. Exceptional ability to communicate progress on multiple projects. Forward-thinker who can proactively handle circumstances and situations to head off any crisis situations. Experience managing an executive calendar. Must possess schedule flexibility. Top-notch communication via email and phone, external and internal. Proven ability to prioritize tasks. As this is a virtual position, must be a self-starter, highly disciplined, self-motivated and able to work independently with minimal oversight. Must be comfortable developing and working in a virtual relationship, and having a limited amount of face-time.
Before the internet: The expression ‘affiliate marketing’ has traditionally been used in an online context, but arguably, the concept existed way before the World Wide Web. Indeed, there are still examples of offline affiliate marketing today, like when a hairdresser offers a discount to an existing customer for referring a friend. However, this kind of old-school affiliate marketing wasn’t very widespread as it presented many difficulties in terms of tracking: the referral had to be tracked in a way that allowed the affiliate to be paid, which wasn’t always easy.
Take advantage of tax laws if you're self-employed. Money saved on taxes is still money saved. You may be able to deduct many of your business expenses (use of your home, use of your car, office supplies, etc.) if you keep good records. You may also qualify for tax breaks, such as deducting your health insurance premiums on your tax return. These laws are in place to encourage commerce and business growth, so don't neglect their benefits especially if you want to make money.
Postmates is a delivery service that lets you earn money on-demand by delivering items. The neat thing is it's free to sign up, and there are no fees or time commitments. Plus, you keep 100% of your pay every time you complete a delivery, which is awesome! Although you can absolutely use a bike or car to make deliveries, walking is also an option. They have everything you need to get started on their website, so be sure to check them out.
Thank you for the article, it is very interesting and very inspired me to work, I also work as a freelancer, I have my own blog, but unfortunately I do not earn as much as you write in your article, but all ahead, I’m sure that after reading your collections, I can start writing more interesting articles and get a lot more money for them. I have been dreaming to start traveling around the world, I can already travel around my country, but this is not enough for me, because I really want to see countries such as China, India, Pakistan, etc.
Manage social media for businesses. If you have a knack for social media, you could potentially get paid to manage various platforms for others. Many businesses are too busy running day-to-day operations to stay on top of their Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest accounts – and will pay someone with the knowledge and time to do it for them. To find these jobs, ask local businesses and check sites like UpWork.com and Problogger.net.
how to make money online 13 year old | work from home online job | how to get paid to watch movies | get paid to open savings account
An influencer is an individual who holds the power to impact the purchasing decisions of a large segment of the population. This person is in a great position to benefit from affiliate marketing. They already boast an impressive following, so it’s easy for them to direct consumers to the seller’s products through social media posts, blogs, and other interactions with their followers. The influencers then receive a share of the profits they helped to create.
If you’re a blogger, start by going through your analytics and finding your most popular posts. In Google Analytics (GA) you can find these pages by going to your GA Dashboard > Behavior > Site Content > All Pages. Examine the ones at the top of the list that bring in the most traffic. Are there any affiliate products or services you can naturally include in them?
“Great list! I especially like the tutoring stuff. I’m good at Math that’s why I tutored once for my godparent’s 8th grader. I had fun with the her and her mum cooks the most delicious brownies. I don’t think I can donate a plasma or be a human guinea pig. But maybe you should add herb and vegetable planting. This job doesn’t require too many technicalities and is so far the easiest thing to do. There’s a method called square foot gardening for those who don’t have big spaces. It’s so simple to do and gardening in small boxes requires small maintenance. There is plenty of information on the web about how to do so. Once you get growing you can even sell your fresh produce to your neighbours at a cheaper price, and earn some fast money in the process . P.S. I also would want to partake in an online survey. Some people recommended Cash Crate but I’m also curious about what happened to you?
Know the difference between an asset and a liability. The dividing line is whether it puts money in your pocket, or takes it out.[5] As much as you love your home, for instance, it is a liability rather than an asset because you put more money into it than you get out of it (unless you're flipping it or renting it out). Whatever money you save, invest it in assets such as stocks, mutual funds, patents, copyrighted works--anything that generates interest or royalties. Eventually, you might get to the point where your assets are doing the work for you, and all you have to do is sit there and make money!
But what if you could get paid to sit on your couch and fall into a deep TV coma? HowToWatch.com is hiring someone to watch TV and get paid for it. It would pay $20 per hour for 100 total hours which comes out to a cool $2,000 for doing something you’re probably already doing. It’s the perfect gig if you have some free time coming up or work from home and are good at multitasking.
Of course, FlexJobs is not the only site for finding remote work and jobs you can do from home. Upwork is the largest marketplace for freelancers in the world, with demand for nearly any remote-friendly skill set. Then there are the niche sites, like We Work Remotely, where the majority of job posters are early stage startups looking for talented engineers. Still, FlexJobs may be the winner: its robust, easy-to-navigate system offers tens of thousands of jobs from thousands of employers at any one time. If you’re serious about finding remote work you can do from home or on the road, there’s no better place to look.
As the name suggests, this magazine is all about cruising, so if you’ve spent time travelling on the open seas than this might be a good place to submit an article. They aren’t overly picky editors, but they do claim: “A good story cannot stand without quotes. Bring the people who you encountered into the story with their words and let them help you tell your story. Avoid trite phrases as quotes, though, such as “We had a wonderful time,” and “The food was delicious.””
Another old school and enormous travel domain, writing for BootsnAll is a great way to get your name out there and get paid to write online. They’re usually looking for long, independent travel pieces with tips on saving money, packing and other travel-related topics, but check their guidelines before pitching to get an idea of what they’re looking for.
They typically draw an unknowing and unsuspecting prospect in, only to give them poor advice or information that leads the marketer down the wrong path. This ‘training’ is just someone trying to make a quick buck at the expense of an interested but unknowing party. While legitimate affiliate marketing training courses do exist, there’s enough bad out there to cause some harm to affiliate marketing’s reputation.
Also known as “The Journal of Mexico’s Magnificent Peninsula”, this quarterly magazine is published by the Baja Communications Group and it is focused on advancing education, tourism and the protection of Mexico’s lovely Baja Peninsula (think Cabo San Lucas and La Paz). Writers should attempt to highlight the unique nature and ecosystem of this region, as well as eco-friendly accommodation and outdoor activities.
Make money on YouTube. People who love the spotlight and have other online hustles should consider creating their own YouTube channel. If you’re interested — and interesting — you can use the platform to market affiliate products, sell products you create yourself, or receive ad revenue for your informal tutorials or entertaining videos. Once you get the ball rolling, YouTube offers a partner program that can help you monetize your business further.
If you have excellent research skills and want to earn some extra cash, Wonder might be the perfect fit. We wrote about Wonder several weeks ago, and here’s how it works: Basically, Wonder invites anyone – journalists, corporations, or even individuals – to pay a flat fee for a properly researched answer to their most burning questions. In most cases, users pay this fee because they don’t have the time to do the research themselves, or because they want to make sure they get it right for an important presentation or report.
I am looking for someone who can research legal requirements and fees for opening a computer career school in New York City specifically for Quality Assurance training. Research report should include specific steps and procedures that I will need to comply with. This job was posted from a mobile device, so please pardon any typos or any missing details.
The most important thing a newcomer to affiliate marketing needs to focus on and learn is *how to generate a large and engaged audience*. Without a large and engaged audience, or the skills to grow that, then affiliate marketing will be completely ineffective. Learn one top-level acquisition channel (partnerships, SEO, whatever) and then learn the middle of the funnel with marketing automation/email marketing to further convert people time and time again to different offers once they are within your network.
Viator used to frequently take submissions from travel writers and bloggers, but I’ve seen that they’ve taken down their submissions page. However, they may still be accepting some articles because I’m still seeing new guest authors on the site. Try to contact them via a private Facebook message using the button below. They no longer use their submissions page, so you may have the best luck by sending them a message on Facebook (using the button below) and asking them for the right contact for sending pitches.
*The Ellevest The Penny Hoarder promotional offer is valid from July 25, 2018 to December 31, 2018 for the first 1,000 new clients of Ellevest who enter through this designated landing page. Clients who enroll and fund their non-retirement account will receive $25 added to their highest priority goal in their Ellevest account. Clients who enroll and fund their retirement account will receive a $25 Amazon gift card which can be redeemed by visiting www.amazon.com. Please review Amazon.com Gift Card Terms and Conditions prior to redemption. Ellevest is not responsible for lost Amazon Gift Cards. Ellevest’s processing time for depositing $25 into a client’s Ellevest account or delivery of a $25 Amazon gift card may be up to 60 days.
The music industry might not be as strong as it was in the 80s, but there are still plenty of ways to make money online as a musician. Sites like SoundBetter let you sell your services as a songwriter, producer, or session musician to thousands of customers a month. While Musicbed, Music Vine, Marmoset, and SongFreedom are perfect for licensing your music to TV shows, movies, and web series.
So, if you frequent websites and are comfortable navigating various apps with little to no instruction, you’ll be just fine as a usability tester. Remember, you just have to be honest and provide real feedback — that’s it. Check out these companies that hire usability testers and you’ll be one step closer to earning money with this popular online job option.
This is a great opportunity for stay-at-home parents since shops can be done at any time during business hours and background noise isn’t an issue. So, if you have kids in your care or a noisy pet — no problem! As a phone mystery shopper you need to act like a real consumer, not a paid caller. And nothing sounds more real than a busy household in the background.
Permission Research – You download a software on your computer to understand how people are using the internet. Our goal is to help companies understand digital content trends and patterns so that those companies can give people like you what you want. The businesses and media organizations rely on PermissionResearch to understand how people view and interact with content on the Internet and on TV.
Rover is a dog walking and pet sitting website that is always looking for qualified dog walkers in cities all over the United States. So when you take your pup on a walk, you can also take a second (or third) dog with you and get paid to walk. 30-minute walks fall in the $10-30 range. With a neighborhood route, that can add up quickly! You’re just a short application away from getting started.
how to work from home mom tips | work from home online tutor | how to work from home for mom | how to become a work from home mom
In the BigCommerce affiliate program, you receive a 200% bounty per referral and $1,500 per Enterprise referral, with no cap on commissions. Plus, the more referrals you drive through the program, the higher your commission tier will go. BigCommerce uses an industry leading 90-day cookie, so you will receive credit for up to three months for the referrals you generate. Also, there are no obligations or minimum commitments to join the program.
Once you have that problem or need nailed, the next step is to validate that idea and make sure you’ve actually got customers who will pay for it. This means building a minimum viable product, getting objective feedback from real customers, incorporating updates, testing the market for demand, and getting pricing feedback to ensure there’s enough of a margin between your costs and what consumers are willing to pay.
Permission Research – You download a software on your computer to understand how people are using the internet. Our goal is to help companies understand digital content trends and patterns so that those companies can give people like you what you want. The businesses and media organizations rely on PermissionResearch to understand how people view and interact with content on the Internet and on TV.
Only paid Members of RentAFriend.com can contact you directly, so if someone contacts you and says they saw your profile on RentAfriend.com you know they are serious about meeting a new friend. Paid Members of RentAFriend can call, text, or message you through the website. You can write in your description how you would like to be contacted by the Members.
Check if you need a model release. Photos of people can only be sold for commercial use if they've signed a 'model release' that gives you permission to use their image (children need a parent/guardian to sign). Without a release, these photos can still be sold for editorial use, as long as they were taken in a public place – eg, if you submitted a 'breaking news' shot with people in the background. If there's any doubt, always ask permission.
For many of us, to work from home is the ultimate indication of freedom. It means that you own both your time and your space, that your life is firmly within your control. Yet not every job can be done from afar. Some jobs, like being a pilot or a flight attendant, must be done from a certain place at a certain time, while others, like being a security consultant or a software developer, are extremely remote-friendly.
Blogging is something that requires patience, persistence and discipline. It may mean writing everyday for over a year before you really start to see any money from it. There are exceptions to the rule, but from my dealings with other bloggers, it seems to be pretty common to spend one or even two years building your blog, your brand and your authority, before making any serious amount of money.
Some of the companies on this list are those you’ll recognize. Dell, still one of the largest PC vendors in the world, regularly hires project managers, business analysts and systems engineers for remote work. Salesforce, which came in at #3 on Forbes’ list of the world’s most innovative companies this year, hires telecommuting account executives, product designers and even upper management positions like regional vice presidents. Xerox, Adobe, SAP and American Express also make the list with their own distinct sets of work from home and remote work agreements.
Another good one for the As Seen In section and your media kit, AOL is a household name that everyone recognizes. They’re looking for exciting travel content that is enticing and click worthy (Like best travel spots, best experiences, listicles etc.) along with important travel news, budget tips and fun travel stories. AOL travel is a big brand that pays pretty well, so they make for a good option if you want to get paid to write online. The best way to get in contact is to first reach out through their Facebook account.
Because lawyers are seeking people who match the profile of potential real-life jurors, online jury companies ask detailed questions of applicants. You should never disclose your Social Security number or credit card or banking info. Companies typically pay $10 to $60 to online jurors. Since most online jury companies won’t need a lot of jurors, signing up for multiple companies gives you a better chance of getting picked for “jury duty.”
You can put up banners on your site, to promote your affiliate offers. Most affiliate programs will usually provide their own creatives when you sign up for their offers. All you have to do is insert the banner on a highly trafficked page (your affiliate tracking is usually embedded within the code). Banner ads in the right locations can do a great job of driving sales.
If the hired individual resides in Florida (office based or telecommuting) this position requires the AHCA Level II background check (fingerprinting) by the State of Florida for all clinicians that have direct face to face contact with members ... Job Keywords: RN, Registered Nurse, Home Care, Telecommute, Ocala, Gainesville, FL, CCM, Case Manager, Work at home.
WeReward: This iPhone and Android app allows you to complete small tasks (ex. taking a photo of yourself with your favorite beverage or eating at a new establishment) for points that translate to cash. Though the per-task reward is small, there are millions of participating businesses and the points can add up quickly. The location-based rewards are best if you already have an active lifestyle and won’t have to force yourself to starting eating/drinking out all the time.
To get hired, you fill out an application and take an exam to test your knowledge. “If you pass, you go through a mock session with an experienced tutor who assumes the role of student and evaluates your creativity, empathy and teaching skills,” says Cindy Hamen Farrar, Ph.D., senior director of academic tutoring at Tutor. “We look for people who know their subject matter and who can break it down and communicate effectively.”
Become a virtual assistant. Virtual assistants perform a wide range of services for their clients, all of which can be completed online. Depending on the day, they may open and reply to emails, schedule online work or blog posts, write mock-up letters and proposals, or perform data entry. You can look for virtual assistant jobs on sites like UpWork.com and Problogger.net.
How to Get It: Customer service is the biggest work-at-home field, with companies including Spiegel, Hilton, Best Western, HSN, 1-800-FLOWERS and many others using at-home reps. Fill out an application with staffing companies such as Arise, Alpine Access, VIPdesk, LiveOps, and Convergys, all of which vet the companies who are hiring through them. If you need benefits, search through a staffing company that will hire you as an employee (Alpine Access, VIPdesk and Convergys do this) rather than an independent contractor. If you're a contractor, you may be asked to pay a small fee (between $15 and $35) for a background check. While a fee can be a sign of a scam, independent contractors are responsible for their own expenses.
We are an evolving company located PA. That is seeking additional support that includes; research, job advertisements, background checking, over the phone job interviewing and much more. We are looking for an ideal person that has good time management, organizing skills, an pleasant telephone manner. Data entry, research skills etc. To work and support our company through this busy period.
29. Videos – This could be an entire section on it’s own. Many people have made money by creating YouTube videos. Evan of EvanTube is a kid and he has made millions by creating reviews of products that other kids his age would use. It’s not easy to get views into the millions, but once you do, you’ll start seeing some cash come in. Many bloggers have completely turned to videos to get their point across by starting a video blog.
How To Start A Blog FREE Course: With this free email course, I show you exactly how to create a blog, from the technical side (it’s easy – trust me!) all the way to earning your first income and attracting followers. Each day for seven days, you will receive an email in your inbox that will help you create a successful and profitable blog, all from the very beginning. You can sign up here.
HealthyWage is a smartphone app and online platform that allows you to incentivize your weight loss goal. Just set your weight loss goal and calculate your prize, make your bet, then work on achieving your goal with exercise and healthy diet choices. In the end, if you meet your goal you win your prize money. HealthyWage has been featured on CNN, Shape, Good Morning America, Today, and The Washington Post.
Do you enjoy fast food or going into retail shops? Many companies hire mystery shoppers to test the customer service of their stores. A common one is Subway, which hires mystery shoppers to ensure that "Sandwich Artists" are following all the franchise guidelines. If you have time and can travel to different places, this could be a good side hustle.
This airline magazine is typically looking for writers to touch on unique (Alaskan Airlines) travel destinations, museum exhibits, business and influential community leaders. They encourage you not to exceed the 2,500 word limit. I know this isn’t really a “get paid to write online” type opportunity, but ideas and pitches can be sent to this publication via email. New writers should send numerous writing samples and a short bio.
Being an at-home call-center rep requires a computer and may require specific software or equipment. A great phone voice helps as well, as does any experience in customer service, data entry, retail sales, or management. Dozens of sites list job openings for call-center representatives, including Upwork.com, Freelancer.com, and SimplyHired.com. However, you may also find listings offered by local businesses in your local newspaper.
Not only will this multiply the money you’re bringing in in a serious way, but it protects you against any sudden changes in the market or in your business. Remember that old saying about putting all your eggs in one basket? A few hours a week committed to just one or two of the following opportunities will put you in a much stronger position to be financially safe and independent.
how to work from home online jobs hiring | get paid to speak english online | how to make money from facebook page | get paid to read books
For example, if you type in “banana bread recipe,” search engines should pull up recipes from major sites first. Posts from smaller blogs or recipes for other, related dishes—like zucchini bread—should fall toward the end of the list. As a search engine evaluator, you’ll be asked to enter specific words or phrases into a search engine, then assess how appropriate and informative the sites it pulls up are.
Re-selling web hosting will enable you to make money hosting your own client’s websites. Large hosting companies like HostGator allow you to white label their hosting services. You could start your own hosting business or, if you are a web designer, include hosting into your web design packages. And the best of it is the hosting companies take care of the hosting for you, so all you need to worry about is selling.
Make Money At Home By Becoming A Transcriptionist: In 2007, Janet started working from home as a medical transcriptionist for others. Shortly after that, she started a successful general and legal transcription business. While running her business, the idea of a course popped up. Janet now teaches others in her online course how to transcribe online and work from home as a transcriptionist. Learn more about how you can become a transcriptionist here.
BBC Travel is a very well-known publication with millions of monthly readers. Pitching here without prior experience is going to be very difficult, but always worth a try. The pay is good and communication is said to be okay, but there may be a lot of back and forth before your article gets published. They want writers to introduce their readers to places they’ve never been and show them a new side to places they think they know. With an open mind, an eye for the surprising and a global voice, their goal is to inspire their readers to fall in love with the world – and humanity. BBC Travel is one of the most recognized websites for those looking to get paid to write online.
Design web images. By pairing good aesthetic sense and the use of design or photo-editing software, you can make and sell background graphics for social media pages, web logos, or computer icon packages. If you know or are willing to learn computer programming, seriously consider making web pages; programmers may be easy to come by, but programmers with an eye for beauty are another thing altogether.
Abilities is a magazine geared towards people who have disabilities and they have a travel section that’s accepting submissions. They’re looking for articles about travel, health, sport, recreation, careers, education, transportation, housing, social policy, relationships, technology, family life, movie/book reviews and personality profiles. Events and conferences are also considered. If you have a disability or know someone who does and you want to get paid to write online and actually reach an underrepresented audience in the travel space, this could be a great option.
If you’re still not having any luck with the jobs I've shared above – check out FlexJobs. The company has a A+ rating with the Better Business Bureau,  along with a money-back policy if you are unhappy with the website. FlexJobs guarantees that every single job is hand-screened for legitimacy. This is a great way to search for legitimate work at home jobs without the hassle of dealing with scams.
Next, you’ll want to pick a WordPress theme from somewhere like ThemeForest, Elegant Themes or OptimizePress. This is the barebones design of your site, which you can then customize with your own branding, copy, and images. That being said, you don’t want to cheap out. It costs less than $100 to buy a theme that will make your website look professional (and you can upgrade to a completely custom design once you get the business going).
Work in grocery delivery. Instacart is a company that will pay you to pick up grocery store orders in your spare time. The entire purchase and order takes place through the Instacart app, making it easy for you to pick up the groceries your customers wants and get paid. Like other food delivery jobs on this list, Instacart lets you earn a per-trip rate plus tips. Shipt is another service that will pay you to shop for groceries and deliver them to consumers in your area, so make sure to see if they’re available where you live.
Monetize a hobby. While some hobbies actually cost money, others can be transformed into a profitable business venture. Ultimately, it depends on what your hobby is and how talented you are. You could turn your love of photography, for example, into a part-time gig taking family portraits and wedding photos or selling prints on Etsy or at arts fairs.
Usability testers are asked to perform tests based on their demographic profile (education, knowledge of the web, age, social media use, etc.). They are then given questions to address and/or tasks to perform, such as registering on a website and then providing feedback online. Reviews usually take about 15-20 minutes and earn typically about $10 each. After completing a review, testers are not paid until the client accepts their feedback. Work can be rejected and unpaid for technical problems, lack of detail, or other issues the client determines.
All written content on this site is for information purposes only. Opinions expressed herein are solely those of AWM, unless otherwise specifically cited. Material presented is believed to be from reliable sources and no representations are made by our firm as to another parties’ informational accuracy or completeness. All information or ideas provided should be discussed in detail with an advisor, accountant or legal counsel prior to implementation.
Massage therapy is a rewarding field, but starting out is tough. You have to build a client list or find a job at a massage center. That's where Zeel is looking to change things. The app lets clients connect with massage therapists for same-day massages in their homes. As the massage therapist, you receive a notification when someone near wants an appointment. Zeel says that massage therapists get a 75% cut of each payment, plus it automatically handles fees for late cancellations. For safety, Zeel says it has an ID verification system on the client side, and massage therapists can rate clients, so problematic ones get weeded out. It's currently available in over 50 cities.
Mistake #2: Using the “They must not be my people” excuse to be spammy. I’m not a fan of this common tactic. Here’s how it works: people send a huge number of sales/promotional emails to their list with no warning and with no easy way to opt out. When people complain or unsubscribe, they put it on them (“Oh well, they aren’t my type of subscriber anyway…”), instead of taking responsibility for the spam (let’s call it what it is). What ever happened to “treat others the way you want to be treated”?
When I started to work from home, I missed talking to people. A lot. But I soon found a friend. Every day, I would hear the UPS guy gunning his motor as he drove down my long driveway to deliver my packages. As soon as I would spot him, I’d fly out of the house and chat him up. And now he leaves the packages by the curb. Sure, the one big bonus of working from home is that it gets you away from the petty office politics and never-ending gossip.
Blogging is a great side hustle because you can do it at your own pace anywhere you want. It's not a quick and easy way to make money, but there are a lot of ways to make money side hustling while blogging. You can sell advertising, become an affiliate for other people's products, sell your own online product, and more. It does take time to build up an audience to be able to make a decent amount of money, but once you have a large following, you could earn over $15,000 per month or more (we do).
Mow lawns or plow driveways. If you’re willing to mow yards or shovel or plow snow in the winter, you could easily start your own snow removal and lawn mowing business on the side. While you can usually find work by reaching out to your local community via word-of-mouth, flyers, or online message boards, the website Plowz & Mowz allows you to set up an online profile and reach more customers in your area.
Advertising Disclosure: TheSimpleDollar.com has an advertising relationship with some of the offers included on this page. However, the rankings and listings of our reviews, tools and all other content are based on objective analysis. The Simple Dollar does not include all card/financial services companies or all card/financial services offers available in the marketplace. For more information and a complete list of our advertising partners, please check out our full Advertising Disclosure. TheSimpleDollar.com strives to keep its information accurate and up to date. The information in our reviews could be different from what you find when visiting a financial institution, service provider or a specific product's website. All products are presented without warranty.
Rent out a room on Airbnb. Living near a tourist area has its perks, including the prospect of renting out a room for a profit. With home sharing sites like Airbnb, you can rent out a room in your home – or even the entire place – for a day, a week, or longer. If you have extra space and might enjoy the company of travelers, renting out a room is great way to earn some extra money with little effort on your part. See our post, “How to Make Money as an AirBNB Host.”
17. Amazon – Have you heard of FBA? It stands for “Fulfilled by Amazon” and it’s getting pretty popular. Basically, you buy products (in bulk is best) and ship them to Amazon for them to store. When your products sell, Amazon packs them up, ships them out and sends you the money (after taking their cut). There are people making a full-time living from FBA, while others just do it for some extra money.
SurveyPolice- This website allows survey-takers to rate survey sites across a range of criterion: speed of payment, the reliability of website (doesn't crash during surveys), quality of customer service, recruiting practices, adherence to privacy standards, etc. It then uses this data to rank the sites and posts the top ten survey sites on its homepage. SurveyPolice also allows users to file complaints against survey sites and attempts to remedy them.
Many online job platforms such as Upwork.com also have their own system for recognizing and removing job scams. According to the site, many of them involve “employers” who try to pay workers outside the site’s payment system, and engage in some sort of check or money order fraud. For more tips on avoiding job scams on freelancing sites, read about it here.
If you have nothing of value to sell from home then retail arbitrage might be a better option for you. Many people partake in arbitrage to earn a little extra money, and for some it has even become their full-time job. Retail arbitrage is the buying of goods at a low price and then selling them on a different platform at a higher price. Sales in shops provide ideal opportunities to pick up products for next to nothing. These can then be sold on eBay or Amazon for higher amounts, making you a nice profit.
Bookscouter will give you Amazon.com's trade in value, where you mail Amazon the book and get a gift card, they will not give you the used selling price because it's hard to compare apples to oranges. You may be able to get more for your book by selling it as a used book on Amazon, so be sure to double check that price. As an example, the trade in value of a book I looked up was $7.87 but used copies were on sale for $19.87.
You’re an ace with a camera. You capture eye-catching images, and you know how to set the scene. You can turn that skill into online income by listing your images on stock-photography sites like Shutterstock and Adobe Stock. You receive a royalty when customers purchase the right to use your work. These sites are always looking for a variety of images, whether it’s lavish food photography or eye-catching scenes of natural beauty.
Many of my readers have started proofreading from their iPads, scanning legal documents for court reporters as a result of the Proofread Anywhere eCourse I recommend. You can read some of their testimonials in the comments on this post. They offer a 7-day intro course free so you can decide if that line of work is right for you before you pursue the training.
Start a blog. Blogging is how I make a living and just a few years ago I never thought it would be possible. I made over $320,000 in 2015 by blogging and nearly $1,000,000 in 2016. You can create your own blog here with my easy-to-use tutorial. You can start your blog for as low as $2.95 per month plus you get a free domain if you sign-up through my tutorial.
Some businesses may be interested in adding other types of paid content to your website. This could include videos, podcasts, or any other material that would work with your site and help a business market itself. Always make sure that paid content isn’t too promotional. It needs to add value to your audience first and foremost, and not just present as an advert.
Being your own Boss, you get to decide what you want to do. We have had members contact friends to attend concerts, sporting events, special VIP events and much more. It's all about what you are interested in doing.Here are a list of some of the things that members have contacted friends for: Sporting Events, Family Functions, Giving Tours, Traveling, Going to Beach, Skiing, Snowboarding, Video Games, Parties, Concerts, Picnics, Business Events, Personal Advice, Shopping, Going to Park, Wine Tasting, Golfing, Amusement Parks, Museums, Baking/Cooking, Pottery, Religious Events, Casinos, Psychics, Bike Riding, Workout Partner, Teaching Manners, Introducing You To New People, Wingman/Wingwoman, Music, Zoo, Photography, Hot Air Balloon Rides, Hiking, Site Seeing, Bowling, Book Stores, Comedy Shows, Coffee House and much more! If you have a special skill, talent, or job make it clear on your profile. People are always looking for something new to learn! Such as dancing, a foreign language, different cultures and more. Do you live near a popular tourist destination? There are people right now looking to hire locals to show them the hot spots and best restaurants and attractions in town.
Once you are all set up, Live Ops has an excellent online training program that teaches you how to handle calls from customers. You will be taking calls for many different companies. When you start working, your phone will ring and a script will pop up on your screen. You simply read the script word for word and input customer information as you go along. If customers have questions, there is a section on your screen with FAQ’s and you are also logged into a virtual chat room should you need to ask for support from a supervisor.
This is a fantastic article and it really has given me help. I want to go to this thing in the summer called Creation Fest and it has music and speackers to celebrate God and it costs a lot! I was looking for help and I found this. $100+ seems easy at first but then your stuck when your my age. Thanks a whole bunch and I will probably come back again.
You’re going to have to spend quite a bit of time reading the writer’s guidelines if you ever want a post accepted at the LA Times, but if you manage to get something posted there, the pay is decent and the recognition is excellent. They are no longer considering any submission that does not have great photos. At $750 per article, this is a great opportunity to get paid to write online, but be ready for a lot of back and forth with editors.
Yet another Amazon service providing the possibility to make money online is the Audiobook Creation Exchange. You can create a standalone audiobook, or create an audio version of your eBook as complementary media. And you can narrate your audiobook yourself, or Amazon can put you in contact with a professional to help. Once sold, you can then earn up to 40% royalties per audiobook.
5. Fiverr – Fiverr is a great place to make a few bucks or spend a few bucks if you need some of the services people offer. Basically, everything is $5. You either pay $5 or charge $5. They call them “gigs.” You can offer your services however you choose. If you sell art and you’re fine selling pieces for $5 each, that’s a gig. If you’re a graphic designer and you want to offer your services for $10/hour, simply offer a 30 minute gig. If they need two hours of graphic design, they pay you $20, or $10/hour by buying four gigs.
UserTesting hires contractors to try out websites and provide feedback through videos. Companies use this as a way to see how well their sites work and test new re-designs. Workers typically get paid $10 per test. Some testers report that opportunities can be sporadic and competitive. But as a recurring gig, UserTesting can be a real boon for people who are already online.
Start a small business. Being passionate usually translates to a superior product and better service, which is especially sought after in the age of the anonymous, 1-minute online review. Worried that there isn’t a market for your interests? The fact is that though you may not personally know many people who want what you have to offer, thanks to the internet, there’s a huge market for niche-products (pigeon diapers, chainmail wedding dresses, you name it)… and you might just end up being a trend-setter. To create an online store, you can either make your own website or, if don’t want to self-host, you can sell on eBay or a similar site.
How to Get It:If you shot the video with your phone, open the YouTube app and hit "send." If you're uploading from a computer, visit YouTube, and click the "upload" button in the upper right corner of the screen. You'll see a place to drag your video file. To enroll in the partner program, click on YouTube settings, check the circle next to "Allow Advertisements," then click on "View Additional Features." On the YouTube monetization page, opt in. Generally, you must earn a minimum before you get paid, and YouTube pays monthly—if you don't earn enough in one month, the balance rolls over.
Cost per action/sale methods require that referred visitors do more than visit the advertiser's website before the affiliate receives a commission. The advertiser must convert that visitor first. It is in the best interest of the affiliate to send the most closely targeted traffic to the advertiser as possible to increase the chance of a conversion. The risk and loss are shared between the affiliate and the advertiser.
Fodors is one of the largest travel publications online, with both in print and digital publications and a very good blog. They cover 75,000 different destinations worldwide and are always looking for unique and informative travel pieces submitted by established writers, although they sometimes accept blog posts from newbies. They pay $100 or more, typically around $0.12 per word on their blog and more in print. The button below will allow you to apply through IB Publishing.
On the employment side, Wonder researchers pull out all stops to create accurate and comprehensive responses to any question posed. Wonder doesn’t have any formal education requirements for the researchers it hires, but it does prefer candidates with excellent research and English writing skills. If you’re interested in learning more, you can look into becoming a researcher on AskWonder.com, or read more about the company in our in-depth review.
I also recommend FlexJobs for finding more home data entry jobs. With that site, you can regularly search legitimate work at home jobs for data entry and other industries. Every job lead is guaranteed scam-free, and it's the only membership-based jobs site I currently use and trust. Their listings are updated 5-6 times per week, and they are plentiful. You can currently get 30% off a subscription using promo code AFFILPROMO.
Make Money At Home By Becoming A Transcriptionist: In 2007, Janet started working from home as a medical transcriptionist for others. Shortly after that, she started a successful general and legal transcription business. While running her business, the idea of a course popped up. Janet now teaches others in her online course how to transcribe online and work from home as a transcriptionist. Learn more about how you can become a transcriptionist here.
Every time I visit Japan I learn something new, and my most recent trip was no exception. This time I stayed in an apartment, which exposed me to several new energy-related devices. First, what’...
Every two years, a thousand energy efficiency experts gather near Monterey, California, to discuss every conceivable aspect of energy use in buildings. Two years is long enough for changes in the outside world to be ... [continue reading]
The Middle East—and especially Dubai—is known for its excesses. You visit Dubai to see the world’s tallest building, indoor ski slopes, exotic cars, and huge, air-conditioned shopping malls. What ... [continue reading]
Any way you look at it, residential electricity use in America is falling. Recent data from the Energy Information Administration show that electricity use fell 3% in total and 7% when calculated per person in the last ... [continue reading]
More and more, the streams of energy and information are becoming entangled. No single event heralds this merger; instead, dozens of innovations across a wide front mark the transformation. What does that wide front look ... [continue reading]
Art Rosenfeld, the father of modern energy efficiency, recently passed away. You may not have heard of Art, but he transformed the way you save energy. So you want to design an energy-efficient home? You&... [continue reading]
The United States and Canada have been fortunate to have access to natural gas for space heating, water heating, and other applications. Over the decades, gas supplies have been both reliable and affordable. We also ... [continue reading]
The National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) in Golden, Colorado is Transforming Energy from the way it is generated and used ...
As leaders in the residential energy efficiency industry, the Home Performance Coalition (HPC) responded to the September 2018 request by the ...
In these tough economic times, it's appropriate to invest time in repairing and maintaining things, to make manufactured goods last longer and to save money. Besides, it feels good to repair something yourself, and working ...
In these tough economic times, it's appropriate to invest time in repairing and maintaining things, to make manufactured goods last longer and to save money. Besides, it feels good to repair something yourself, and working ... [continue reading]
In the past, blower door testing in apartment buildings had its obstacles -- difficulty, expenses, and uncertain payoff. Well, not anymore. See why these reasons no longer apply for most U.S. buildings. [continue reading]
Controlling the flow of air through the exterior building enclosure is critical. But controlling the flow of air between suites and common spaces within the building is also important. [continue reading]
A study of test methods for duct leakage revealed that there is room for improvement in this evolving field. [continue reading]
The blower door as we know and love it today springs from technology first used in Sweden in 1977, where it was actually a blower window. [continue reading]
Using pressure measurements to find and quantify air leakage in houses has been a hot topic over the past two years. Packed sessions at recent conferences are testimony to the intense interest these techniques are generating in the weatherization community. [continue reading]
The use of pressure differential diagnostics to measure and interpret air leakage is changing the way blower-door users approach buildings. [continue reading]
Homeopathic History When one considers the essentially materialistic scientific paradigm of the modern world, it seems almost a miracle that the science of homeopathy ever developed in Western culture. The evolution and survival of homeopathy over the last 200 years is a monument to human dedication. The course takes a fascinating view into the lives of past homeopathic masters while highlighting the history of thought which developed the vitalistic paradigm. Students will acquire an appreciation for the history of homeopathy as well as a clearer perspective on modern Western culture. Classroom hours: 10.
Homeopathic Philosophy The philosophy of homeopathy is a deep subject: the level of mastery determines the ultimate quality of a homeopath. The primary focus of study is on the work of Samuel Hahnemann. This course begins with discussing the ideal practitioner, health and disease from a vitalistic viewpoint. To best understand the human being, instruction begins at the center of the individual and progresses outward, imparting homeopathic perspective to physical, spiritual, mental and emotional health. This course involves in-depth reading and discussion of the Organon. Added insights from other homeopathic masters and the faculty provide a well-rounded learning experience. In year 2, philosophy discussion continues with focus on theory related to case analysis and management. Classroom hours: 105
Ethics In any healing profession there must be a clear comprehension of ethical principles and the ability to appropriately respond to challenging situations. Discussions will focus on practitioner ethical concerns such as practitioner relationships with homeopathic clients, other homeopathic practitioners, members of the medical community, and client-practitioner confidentiality. Classroom hours: 30
Materia Medica The Materia Medica is a vast treasury of information in the study of over 3,500 homeopathic remedies. The more commonly known foundational homeopathic remedies are called polycrests. In the first year, the study of the polycrests assists students in understanding a full remedy picture and how to perceive that remedy picture clinically. Students become thoroughly familiar with the use of Materia Medica via homework assignments and case analysis. In year 2, the course takes the student into the study of lesser-known and more complex remedies in the mineral, plant and animal families. New remedy pictures and provings will be presented from instructor clinical experiences. Classroom hours: 225
Repertory The homeopathic Materia Medica contains far more information than any one person can memorize. The homeopathic Repertory is the best tool for accessing this information for the use in homeopathic case analysis. The course covers the history and general structure of the repertory, using the repertory in case analysis, and training in the computer repertories. Students will learn how to use each section of the Synthesis, an important modern repertory and desk reference valued by every homeopathic practitioner. Classroom hours: 55
Case Taking Case taking is a multi-faceted social art, which is a central part of the curriculum. The importance of case taking was well articulated by the late master of homeopathy, Constantine Hering, who said, “A case well taken is a case half cured”. The student begins with observations of case taking, focusing on key topics such as observations, bonding, listening, recording and the art of questioning. The next step is taking the case of live clients while observing the faculty in the case taking process. Case taking is continued in the Clinical Training component of the program. Classroom hours: 39
Case Analysis Case analysis is the process a homeopathic practitioner uses to choose the appropriate remedy for a given case. Although case analysis follows set principles, the process is individualized to each particular case. Proficiency in case analysis requires a thorough knowledge of philosophy and extensive clinical experience. Beginning in the second semester, students analyze hundreds of cases throughout the four years of this course, including live cases and paper cases. Analysis methods and theory are covered, and tools introduced in the Repertory and Materia Medica courses are put into practice. Classroom hours: 100
Case Management The homeopathic process begins, rather than ends, with the selection of the appropriate homeopathic remedy. For this reason, considerable time is spent training the student in the many subtleties involved in the art of successful case management. Building and maintaining practitioner-client relationships is the single most important factor in case management. A variety of methods are used to fine tune the student’s interpersonal skills to ensure productive case management. This is also addressed in the Self Discovery component. The following case management topics are covered in the course: choosing potency, dosing, homeopathic remedies and allopathic medicines, medical condition considerations, assessment of the case and next steps, and management of both acute and chronic cases. The course begins with classroom discussion and then moves into the practical use of case management skills with live and paper cases. Classroom hours: 55
All required science coursework is taught as part of the Professional Training Program to provide a knowledge base demanded of modern homeopathic practitioners. Human sciences are a basic study in what is needed to understand western medicine, make referrals and communicate effectively with clients and medical professionals alike. Human sciences are taught in a manner congruent with the needs and viewpoint of the homeopathic student.
Medical Terminology This self-study course is designed to provide the student with an introductory knowledge of the terminology needed to understand the human/medical sciences. Students memorize and learn how to combine root words, prefixes and suffixes in a systematic manner. This course complements all other human science courses. Students must pass a short exam at the end of the course. Classroom hours: 0
Anatomy and Physiology This self-study course is comprised of six units covering all body systems. Created by Alternative Training and designed for homeopaths, students can begin this course at any time during their training as long as it is completed by the start of Year 3. Assignments are turned in for grading and students take an exam at the end of the course. Classroom hours: 0
Abnormal Psychology Students gain a working knowledge of the history and theory of western psychological thought in this course. Psychopathology and the diagnostic criteria of severe mental illness and character disorders, as outlined in DSM IV, is presented to prepare students to homeopathic practice. The class also reviews the prevailing psychopharmacological agents used in the treatment of mental disorders.
Human Pathology This course was developed to provide sound understanding of conventional medical science to prepare the student to make appropriate clinical judgements. Topics covered include clinical symptom pictures, possible medical diagnoses, diagnostic techniques, and medical treatments. The student gains a clear understanding about the scope of homeopathy, learning when to make an immediate referral if medical care is required.
Pharmacology This course introduces the student to the basic classes of pharmacological agents, their primary uses and important side effects of these drugs. The Physician’s Desk Reference and other relevant literature are used to understand the effects of these agents in more detail.
Live Cases A live case gives students front row seats at an actual homeopathic consultation. Live cases involve real people with real concerns hoping to receive help through homeopathy. The instructor conducts the case taking while the class observes, but all students analyze each case. The instructor makes the final choice of remedy and explains the reasoning behind the choice. As the course continues, students follow the progress of the live case clients. Each student has the opportunity to be a case manager to a client, acting as an intermediary between the client and instructor. This valuable experience teaches case analysis and case management skills to prepare the student for future participation in Student Clinic. This course provides a safe situation in which to integrate didactic knowledge into a clinical setting. Classroom hours: 96
Student Clinic The student clinic is the most advanced homeopathic training clinic in the country. This intensive clinical training experience provides all the elements needed for a successful homeopathic practice. Students work together in clinic teams and handle all aspects of practice management including scheduling, fielding questions and concerns, fee collection, compliance, case taking, case analysis and remedy recommendation, all while under the supervision of the instructors. Each new client is assigned a student case manager who takes the case while other members of the clinic team observe the process. The instructor and a graduate level supervisor observes all cases and oversees the subsequent analysis of each case, so that the client is given the best care possible. During Advanced Clinic in year 4, extended client appointments are scheduled to allow time for the instructor to give in-depth and specific guidance to the student as a client case progresses. With this training method, students learn to modify their case-taking technique and then immediately experience improvements in the interaction. As students progress in this course, instructor oversight decreases thus enabling the development of students into independently functioning practitioners. Hours: 525
Advanced Seminars During Years 3 and 4, several seminars will be offered to students. Example topics include business and management, starting a practice, and other holistic modalities, participation in a homeopathic trituration, and advanced materia medica. At the end of the 4th year, there is an extensive review of the program as a preparation for the final exam. Classroom hours: 77
Supervision/Mentorship Supervision is a component of the NAH program designed to individually support the further development of the student’s clinical experience and skills. In Years 3 and 4, students are paired with a working practitioner in the community and together they engage in discussing a minimum of seven new cases, each with two follow-up appointments. Hours: 70
When she was 22 and saw a Penthouse magazine and was attracted into the adult industry and she later submitted photos to an adult company.
aproducts,promotional items, corporate giveaways, promotional merchandise, advertising business giveaways, corporate gifts, gift giveways, aproducts,promotional items, corporate giveaways, promotional merchandise, advertising business giveaways, corporate gifts, gift giveways, products,promotional items, corporate giveaways, promotional merchandise, advertising business giveaways, corporate gifts, gift giveways, Promotional Products, Promotional Items, Custom corporate gifts,Promotional products suppliers &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp; manufacturers - API Promo
Gaminator has come to Android. Play the best and most famous original Novomatic slots entirely for free on your mobile, and enjoy exclusive promotions and daily bonuses that will keep you playing for hours every day! High resolution graphics, quality sounds and a progression based levelling system will help you increase your winnings even further. Play today and get a welcome bonus to get you started straight away!
Gaminator is the best app out there for anyone who wants to get into online casinos and Vegas slots. Our state of the art software guarantees authentic win chances, while our promotions and daily bonuses will ensure you can experience all our free Novomatic slots without worry!
Gaminator is a free online game for entertainment purposes only. You cannot win real money or real items/services by playing our free slot machines. The virtual currency used in this game can be purchased in the in-app Shop using real money. Gaminator credits cannot be exchanged for cash or be paid out in any form; they may only be used to play this game. All casino games in this app are intended for adult audiences only.
Explosions, the first person born on Mars, a greenhouse, two girls, a small tree called Horace, kissing, difficult decisions about what to do after school, action sequences, and that awkward moment when you try to figure out if your best friend is into you.
Browse advisor jobs in Glen Spey, NY (12737) to the right. We are constantly updating our jobs database with various advisor opportunities near Glen Spey, NY.
Located in Port Jervis, NY. Work for Bank of America. Job Availability Details: Participated In The 2018 Advisor Development Summer Analyst Program. Opportunities To Connect With Experts Including Small Business Consultants, Mortgage...
Located in Middletown, NY. Work for Astar Heating and Air Conditioning. Job Details: Service, Dispatcher, Customer Service, Order Taker, Telemarketing, Customer Care Representative, Service Advisor, HVAC, Air Conditioning, Heating, Communicator,...
Located in Liberty, NY. Work for M&M Auto Group. Job Details: Automotive Service Advisor Experience. Accredited Training In Service Advisor Skills, Customer Satisfaction And Quality Control....
Located in Honesdale, PA. Work for The Dime Bank. Career Opportunity Details: Functions As Technical Advisor To Other Bank Areas Relating To BSA/AML Procedures And Compliance. Education/Training:....
Located in Middletown, NY. Work for CUNA Mutual Group. Local Job Details: Job Description Serve Your Clients Cultivate Strong Relationships With Members By Consistently Using The Prescribed Sales Process. Cultivate Strong Working...
Located in Middletown, NY. Work for Astar Heating and Air Conditioning. Career Opportunity Details: HVAC, SALES, Comfort, Air Conditioning, Heating, IAQ, Residential, Home, HVAC Sales, Residential Energy Engineer, Air Conditioning Sales, Furnace Sales, Comfort...
Located in Goshen, NY. Work for Jones Services Company. Position Details: Jones Services Has Significantly Grown Over The Past 10 Years By Providing Our Customers Outstanding Service And Support By Hiring Only Superstars. We Are...
Located in Port Jervis, NY. Work for Edward Jones. Work Details: Edward Jones Is A Privately Owned Fortune 500 Company Known For Building Quality, One-to-one Relationships With Our Clients Through More Than 14,000 Financial...
Located in Middletown, NY. Work for Hudson Valley Federal Credit Union. Job Availability Details: Assist Members By Offering Credit Union Products And Services To Improve Members’ Financial Lives And Become A Trusted Financial Advisor....
Located in Port Jervis, NY. Work for Kolmar Laboratories, Inc. l A KDC Company. Position Details: Act As Advisor To The Operations Manager In The Make-up Of Recommended Budgets For The Department. Packaging, Assembly And/or Manufacturing (if Applicable) And...
Located in Goshen, NY. Work for Jones Services Company LLC. Hiring Details: Jones Services Has Significantly Grown Over The Past 10 Years By Providing Our Customers Outstanding Service And Support By Hiring Only Superstars. We Are...
Located in Monticello, NY. Work for Staples. Local Job Details: Expertly Skilled At Comfortably Connecting With Customers In An Open And Informative Way That Supports The Establishment Of A Trusted Advisor Relationship...
to my favourite cousin, having you in my life is certainly a source of joy and happiness. may all your wishes come trus.. Happy Birthday Puteri Lina ke -18
From Friday September 8th to Sunday 10th, the best craft brewers from Belgium, Italy, USA, Netherlands, Norway, Denmark, Great Britain and Spain gather at Buonconvento, an ancient village in Val d’Arbia near Siena, for the 12th edition of “Villaggio della Birra” (Beer Village), the international festival of artisanal breweries.
The "Villaggio della Birra" (Beer Village) was set up in 2006 designed to juxtapose, in a "special" location and (provocatively) in the middle of a wine growing region, the brewing industry of two countries, Belgium and Italy, the former the emblem of centuries-old tradition, and the latter one of the most important exponents of the "rebirth" of craft beer in Europe''- from site Italy by Events.
he American Cocker Spaniel All you need to know.by Raneen Mallak Arabnews24 - Canada :The American Cocker Spaniel thought to be originated in Spain can be traced back years ago in the...
Theme Park Tycoon 240320 Azelician, Read more here how a day to address any questions that they were doing great and they are doing good for themselves. I read that the dealers hole card until after all cards on the roulette table ii.
The Australian Silky Terrier. All you need to know/ By Raneen Mallak Arabnews24 - Canada :Originated in Australia, the Australian Silky Terrier is a small purebred dog which was bred for hunting...
I know I’m supposed to work on my revisions, and that’s what I did yesterday, and the day before. Painstakingly push first drafts to the second, second to the third and so on. You get the drift.
But what I love doing are the bursts of speed writing, pieces that lead nowhere, like this one based on a picture prompt by Rick Mobbs.
I love comments, and I always visit back. Blogging is all about being a part of a community, and communities are about communication! Tweet me up @damyantig !	Cancel reply
I am here for first time so may be after sometime I'll able to tell what I like more Writing or revision.
First of all apologies for the late replies…I have been travelling and did not have good internet access…
@Golden Eagle I love first drafts at times, when they come in a smooth flow! Other times, I like how much revisions improve my writing.
@Madeline Thanks for your comment on my other blog…I love doing the speed-writing bursts for practice, it is like lifting weights, a warm-up and strengthening before I do my stories.
J.L. Me too, I feel exactly the same. Only I try to treat the re-writes like first drafts, and just jump into the flow…
I like both. I like the ease of just getting the story on paper, but I also enjoy the challenge of editing it into something that may be acceptable for other eyes to read!
It's funny – my current post about snow in Texas is the first blog post I've ever done with a full first draft. I sat down, hand wrote for about eight pages, and then went to work.
Of course, I'd been thinking and thinking about it, which makes a difference. Because of the nature of my work, I have great chunks of time during the day to just think, so I often have an outline in my head – or little directional markers – before I start to write.
But mostly, I edit as I write. Sometimes I have a title and a last paragraph and fill in the middle. Something I have a though and work in both directions. And sometimes the piece takes me somewhere I never intended to go.
Generally, my writing unrolls – as Annie Dillard says, stem to leaf to bole, as an organic whole. For larger pieces, real stories, longer essays, I suspect it might not work so well. But I don't know that!
If I could, I would only write first drafts. Revisions are where the shine wears off and I become aware of all of my flaws.
Each is good in its own right. I love to write my first draft and get my ideas down. But it's the revision process where my story truly comes together and writing itself is polished and presentable. I need both–but at the right time. If I edit, I edit my face off. If I'm writing, I try and do nothing else so I can just let the creativity flow.
Honestly, I like revisions better. The first draft for me is just so terrible, it makes me beyond excited for revisions and knowing everything is about to get ten times better. It's always more fun that way, and much more encouraging.
I love your speed writing! Maybe I should try daily speed writing, I do love little pieces that lead to nowhere, the ones that are just poetic and entertaining. 😀
#amreading #Writemotivation A-Z blogging A-Z challenge amwriting A to Z April Blogging Challenge A to Z challenge atozchallenge author blog Blogfest blogging Book book excerpt books creative writing daily writing ebooks Fiction fiction advice fiction writer fiction writing fiction writing tips flash fiction guest post India life novel Novels Project Why reading short stories short story Singapore stories thoughts writer writers writing writing advice writing fiction writing ideas writing practice writing prompt writing prompts
With the “Wonder Woman” solo movie having begun production, an earlier and ultimately discarded incarnation of the character has seen the light of day today.
Photographer Mark Rogers has used his social media accounts to share a couple of shots of supermodel Megan Gale in costume as Wonder Woman in George Miller’s cancelled “Justice League Mortal” project from back in 2007 & 2008.
The look certainly differs from that Gal Gadot is seen sporting in next year’s “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice”. Boasting a brighter blue cloth skirt, more accurate headpiece and quite different leather corset – it’s a distinctly different take.
Gale, who also starred in this year’s “Mad Max: Fury Road” as the Valkyrie, was to star in the film alongside Armie Hammer as Batman, D.J. Cotrona as Superman, Adam Brody as the Flash, Common as the Green Lantern, Jay Baruchel as Maxwell Lord, Santiago Cabrera as Aquaman, Hugh Keays-Byrne as Martian Manhunter, Teresa Palmer as Talia al Ghul, and Zoe Kazan as Iris Allen.
related post two digit addition worksheets unique with regrouping free activities practice your 3 of and subtraction 3rd grad.
Lasix is produced in tablet form. Its available in a dosage of 40 mg in a quantity of 45 pieces per pack.
of kids ski clothes. Please give them a call at: (800) 881-3138, burton Guides: (800) 881-3138. All of our girls designs are stylish and fun so that you will love the way you look. Sounds like a boardSize1 or boardSize2 will work well under your feet, but we&apos;re out of stock. Sounds like a boardSize will work well under your feet, but we&apos;re out of stock in that size. Roxys collection of girls ski clothes and snowboarding gear includes top of the line girls ski jackets that are designed to withstand low temperatures and challenging weather conditions all while keeping you warm and dry.
Error: REI employees are not permitted to submit reviews or Q A at this time. Our kids snow suits are comfortable and provide superior warmth so that you never let the cold get in the way of a fun day. To be sure your fit is dialed, please don&apos;t hesitate to call one of our Burton Guides to get their expert advice: (800) 881-3138, you could ride a boardSize, but we&apos;re out of stock. Arrives in 1-3 Days!
Sounds like a boardSize will fit you perfectly. Feel free to check out other boards, a Burton dealer near you, or call one of our Burton Guides for their expert advice: (800) 881-3138, get the Right Size Board, not sure which size will suit you best? Roxy Has All of the Girls Ski Clothes You Need. Keep every inch of yourself comfortable and warm while youre spending time in the snow or on the mountain. We know how much fun it is to spend an entire day on the mountain, and we want every girl to be able to stay out in the snow as long as she wants without worrying about experiencing any discomfort from the cold. Please give them a call at: (800) 881-3138, sorry, but no results were found. Sounds like a boardSize1 or boardSize2 will suit you well. We carry the latest slope styles that your children want all with the quality and durability you demand. Accessorize Your Kids Snowboarding Gear With roxy. Please check out and start a new order or call us at to complete a transaction of more than 50 items.
Lillehammer gained international fame as the host of the 1994 Winter Olympic Games. Explore the awesome collections and structures of the Maihaugen open-air museum or hike the Fberg Cultural Trail to the site of..
Opinion in this site does not reflect the opinion of the Publisher/ or the Editors, but reflects the opinion of its authors. ..
Are stocks undervalued? They certainly seem to be, especially relative to bonds. Very often in the past, falling bond yields were associated with rising valuation multiples. This time seems to be different. Or is it just a temporary divergence, and a great buying opportunity? Let’s analyze the data:
(1) The forward earnings of the S&P 500 dropped for the fifth week in a row through last Friday to $107.59 per share. This is the time weighted average of the latest consensus estimate for 2011 ($97.80) and for 2012 ($110.53).
(2) The forward P/E edged up to 10.7 from 10.5 the previous week. That’s not much above the previous low of 9.3 in December 2008, which was a 23-year low. Monday’s rally lifted the P/E to 11.0. That’s still well below 15.0, which is widely believed to be about the normal valuation multiple during normal times. Actually, using monthly data, the average forward P/E for the S&P 500 since the start of the data during September 1978 has been 13.6.
(3) Today’s charts compare the forward P/E to the 10-year Treasury bond yield and to expected inflation in the 10-year TIPS yield. The close positive correlation among these three variables since 2007 has been remarkable.
However, it isn’t surprising. Since 2007, the yield and expected inflation have fallen when the economic outlook seemed to be worsening as the financial crisis intensified. When the crisis seemed to be abating, yields and expected inflation rose. The same cycle of fear and relief that’s been behind the volatility in yields and expected inflation has been driving the stock market’s valuation of earnings.
In other words, lower bond yields are bad for stocks, while higher yields should be good for stocks. It’s not clear how Operation Twist might alter this relationship. It is the latest monetary stimulus program that reflects the Fed’s lack of confidence in the economy’s ability to grow without massive policy intervention. The problem is that investors have lost their confidence that such intervention is helping the economy. Indeed, some believe it is actually counterproductive.
I’m in that camp. Nevertheless, stocks are cheap. So I don’t see much more downside for the valuation multiple. However, it may take some time for it to move back up to its norm. That will happen when the financial crisis is finally behind us.
ABOUT: Dr. Ed Yardeni is the President and Chief Investment Strategist of Yardeni Research, Inc., a provider of independent investment strategy and economics research. This blog highlights excerpts from our research service, which is designed for investment and business professionals.
Sometimes our emails get blocked by spam filters. You can always email info@drumagog.com and Chris or Matt will gladly take care of it manually.
I recently sent an email and got the bonus link. Downloaded the bonus link and the first time put it into auria using Itunes as a folder. I quickly saw my mistake and compressed it back to where it was a zip. Moved the zip named "bonus" into my auria files. I turned on Auria on my Ipad and it uncompressed the file. I now have two files above IR Files names _MACOSX and bonus. The second file bonus is in the _MACOSX so it looks like a copy folder. I can look into bonus folder and it says loops and IR Files. I can download and use all the loops, but I can't get anything new in convultion reverb. I have tried restarting Ipad... restarting Auria... redownloading the zip and unzipping it. Still, with all that I can't get the IR Files into my convultion reverb. However, the third folder down is the IR Files folder that is normally there. It has nothing in it when I open it up. Why? Also, when I go into bonus folder -> IR Files -> and then to any of the IR File folders, they contain nothing. I'm under the impression that there should be stereo wav files? HELP! XD thanks guys for helping the newbie.
Well, reading through, I tried what eltenore did and it worked for me. I had to manual put the IR Files into the folder and I can use them all no issues. Just strange that it wasn't working when I tried unzipping though. Anyway, thanks for the free samples. Keep up the good work!
4. go in your computer Downloads>Bonus>IR Files and open one at the time EVERY folder, then copy all ''.irf'' files from each folder
5. PASTE this in your copy folder of ''IR Files'' FROM your ipad YOU ALREADY pasted it in your desktop
It sounds like when you originally unzipped the file it decompressed it into a folder called "Bonus", and when you re-zipped it you included that Bonus folder, which would have thrown everything off like you experienced. Auria will automatically decompress .zip files but they have to be laid out very specifically to correctly line up with Auria's existing folder structure, otherwise everything goes in the wrong place and Auria won't see it.
The short answer is not to unzip that bonus.zip file but simply move it via iTunes into Auria, if you let your computer decompress it first it will mess up the file structure.
If you are not receiving the Bonus files through your email that you used to register when first running Auria, you can email support@drumagog.com and I will send the fileds and instructions directly to you.
Ok, I followed the directions in the email to the letter. I signed up, received the link, copied the "bonus.zip" file into the Auria documents folder, quit Auria, restarted Auria, and went back to Auria to try out the new content. No luck. I now have a bonus.zip file in the Auria documents, but it hasn't unzipped itself or made any changes to any other directories. I've quit and restarted Auria numerous times. Any suggestions?
Ok, I did a "restore all purchases", and at the end of a long period of re downloading everything, the "bonus.zip" file was finally installed properly.
while Lyra samples are good enough for multi use by EFFECTS added edits, Auria flag ship sampler sounds …poorly minded for bread and butter gig sounds (don't need effects but NEED more evident action styles as well to zone action by notes split sounds easy (pizzi, repeat,bowed,and so on) Piano, drums are OK, but acoustic sounds and style tricks are poor !
while Fab Filter (processor heavy load) synths are delirious uneeded: synth choice is already IAA well (or better) complemented clearly by famous brands
don't worry Fader Pro offers 4 mackie presets, but the ONLY perfect remote is their studio one preset
it looks like Midi controls added ,so you should SPY these ready made controls and implement AT LEAST
Lisa Elliot cares about the couples who choose to have their weddings and events at Duchman Family Winery in Driftwood, TX. Call and make an appointment to see their venue and try their amazing wine.
Posted on March 22, 2013 September 15, 2014 Categories Venues, WineLeave a comment on Lisa Elliot – Duchman Family Winery
Mary & Steve Charron will help you make a wine for your wedding reception with your own custom-created labels. Austin Custom Winery is located at The Y in Oak Hill and is also a great place to have a bachelorette party. Pictured below are bottles of wine during the wine-making process before they are bottled up.
Posted on November 7, 2008 September 15, 2014 Categories bachelorette party ideas, Wine4 Comments on Mary Charron – AustinCustomWinery.com
Scholarship recipients twinkled on stage as they received their certificates, and guest speaker SaulPaul encouraged the group of 36 students to continue to shine as they work to achieve their dreams.
“Don’t let people set small goals for you,” said SaulPaul, a former prisoner turned college graduate and “musician with a message” who was named the 2017 Austinite of the Year. “I would encourage you to live up to your own potential. This scholarship is just scratching the surface.”
Housing Choice Voucher client Sayuri Byrd, 35, has used her Austin Pathways HACA Scholarship to earn an associate’s degree in business from Huston-Tillotson University.
She is currently working on her bachelor’s degree in business and expects to graduate from Huston-Tillotson in 2019.
“I am forever grateful for the Austin Pathways HACA Resident Scholarship,” Byrd said. “I am the happiest I’ve ever been in my life, and I know there is more happiness to come.”
Sayuri will graduate from HACA’s Family Self-Sufficiency program this year. She plans to use her escrow funds to buy a home for her growing family.
The Austin Pathways HACA Resident Scholarship serves as a vehicle of hope to individuals who desire to further their education and work toward self-sufficiency. To date HACA and Austin Pathways have awarded more than $1 million in scholarships since 2001.
Castellano Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Finnish Français German Greek Icelandic Italiano Norwegian Polish Portugues Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Swedish
It can be difficult to find quality Hispanic singles near Sun City, AZ nowadays. We understand it can be particularly hard to find Hispanic men or women in Sun City that share similar values that you find important in relationships. For these reasons, eHarmony has designed a Compatibility Matching System that narrows down our pool to a select group of matches near Sun City that are a great fit for your personality and lifestyle. Don't wait around for love any longer, find a meaningful and successful relationship by trying eHarmony today. Hispanic dating near Sun City has never been easier, sign up now to communicate for free.
Try these other cities in Arizona: Hispanic singles in Oro Valley , Hispanic singles in Surprise , Hispanic singles in Prescott Valley , Hispanic singles in Peoria , Hispanic singles in Queen Creek
Our bold, scientific approach to matching means more quality dates with deeply compatible singles in Electric City that truly understand you.
Dating in Electric City is not exactly a walk in the park. It can be challenging for Electric City singles looking for a more meaningful relationships that last. That’s where eHarmony works its magic. We use a scientific matching system that leverages 29 DIMENSIONS® based on features of compatibility found in thousands of successful relationships – Electric City dating has never been more real. We are committed to helping Electric City singles discover love every day by narrowing the field from thousands of singles to a select group of compatible matches. Start here and get there by taking the eHarmony Personality Profile to see how you relate to other Electric City singles. Then read your FREE Compatibility profile® and meet Electric City singles that are truly right for you.
¿Qué son las cookies? Una cookie es un fichero que se descarga en tu ordenador o terminal al acceder a nuestra página web. Las cookies nos permiten, entre otras cosas, almacenar y recuperar información sobre los hábitos de navegación de un usuario o de su equipo y, dependiendo de la información que contengan y de la forma en que utilice su equipo, pueden utilizarse para reconocer al usuario.
Fine hardcore lesbian movies from hardcore tube sites from over the web gather in one single place for your pleasure. Enjoy thousands of hours of free and kinky lesbian action that update daily; you�ll never have to look at a different web site to find the girl on girl action you�ve been craving.
Interior, Salon Orientation was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salon Orientation has viewed by 68155 visitor.
Interior, Renovation Salle De Bain Marseille was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Renovation Salle De Bain Marseille has viewed by 63018 visitor.
Interior, Meuble Salle De Bain Bois was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Meuble Salle De Bain Bois has viewed by 83205 visitor.
Interior, Plan Petite Maison 3 Chambres was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Plan Petite Maison 3 Chambres has viewed by 68529 visitor.
Interior, Le Miroir was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Le Miroir has viewed by 29296 visitor.
Interior, Table De Salle A Manger Modulable was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Table De Salle A Manger Modulable has viewed by 12115 visitor.
Interior, Salon De L Auto Geneve 2017 was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salon De L Auto Geneve 2017 has viewed by 82779 visitor.
Interior, Meuble Vasque 120 Cm Salle Bain was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Meuble Vasque 120 Cm Salle Bain has viewed by 48604 visitor.
Interior, Table Salle Ã Manger Ronde Design was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Table Salle Ã Manger Ronde Design has viewed by 82378 visitor.
Interior, Eclairage Miroir Salle De Bain Led was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Eclairage Miroir Salle De Bain Led has viewed by 81303 visitor.
Interior, Salon De Coiffure Afro Le Havre was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salon De Coiffure Afro Le Havre has viewed by 20272 visitor.
Interior, Plan Amenagement Cuisine was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Plan Amenagement Cuisine has viewed by 44230 visitor.
Interior, Salon Coiffure Brest was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salon Coiffure Brest has viewed by 13206 visitor.
Interior, Fauteuil Osier Pas Cher was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Fauteuil Osier Pas Cher has viewed by 14464 visitor.
Interior, Salon De Jardin Le Roy Merlin was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salon De Jardin Le Roy Merlin has viewed by 61194 visitor.
Archives Select Month November 2015 September 2015 March 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 September 2013 August 2013 May 2013 April 2013 January 2013 November 2012 September 2012 July 2012 April 2012 January 2012 November 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 August 2005
I’m excited today, not because of this—because of this. Yep, that’s right, tomorrow the public beta of OmniWeb 5 becomes available.
If you’re on Windows and have no idea of what OmniWeb is, I’m not sure I could sufficiently explain it to leave you in awe. If you’re on Mac OS X and have no idea of what OmniWeb is, you’re really missing out. Imagine Safari but with more usability and features thrown in. Yeah, it’s kinda like that. Just download it and try it out. You can keep using it for free forever, as long as you’re willing to put up with some dialog boxes recommending that you pay for a license. Or, you’ll find that you love it and that you want to fork out the $29.95 like I did.
Please submit your photos. We will review and publish it in due course. Thanks for your interest in Ballina Stephenites
Note : Very large images cannot be uploaded as it will take too much time for people to view the images if they do not have broadband. Images must be less than 2Mb in size before the system will process them. Please check your Image properties to ensure the image is less than 2Mb before you start.
I definitely used up my bad luck at home and all I had left was the good luck for vegas. A 3 day winning streak! lol. Good things happen to people who wait...and who talk to schneider a lot. Although he blew his brains in hard at $200/400.
It's been pretty fun out here so far. Some mn friends who now live in SD drove through last night so I hung out with them. We played some craps at the sahara where they got a free room. It was actually kinda cool cause it was $5 min instead of $10 or $25 so you just bet smaller but kept up max comebets/odds and covered more with less $ invested than normal.
As I was brushing my teeth a few minutes ago I realized I ate my meals today in the exact opposite order: for breakfast I had a steak and mashed potatoes at like 6pm. For 'lunch' (if you can ever call an 11pm meal lunch) I had a bowl of chili and for dinner (at 6am) I had english muffins with peanut butter/jelly and a bowl of rice krispies.
Homeowners Insurance Blue Mound, IL | Homeowners Insurance Online Homeowners Insurance Blue Mound, IL – Homeowners Insurance Online
Are you searching for home insurance coverage in Blue Mound, IL? Enter your Zip Code to compare the best options available nearby. Comparing multiple quotes is the best way to save money on your homeowners coverage in Macon county.
Have you been asked by your mortgage lender to get homeowners insurance? Did you just purchase your first home and understand the value of insuring it but don't know what type of coverage to buy? If so, here is some information to help you get the Blue Mound, Illinois homeowners insurance you need.
Obtain quotes from insurance agents in person to get personalized help. Or, for more convenience, you can get Blue Mound homeowners insurance quotes free online. Protect your home with affordable insurance today.
Every single home owner must have house owners insurance policy. House owners insurance coverage include your house in the occasion that any home damaging incidents should happen. Most property owners insurance policies policies include fire injury, theft, vandalism and other situations. The subsequent article gives in depth suggestions about residence owners insurance policies that any individual can use.
If you need to have to file a claim with your homeowner's insurance coverage firm, do so promptly. Speedily answer to any request for info as entirely as you can. The more info the insurance policies company has, the faster they can process your declare. Also, significantly hurt experienced by residences will only worsen with time, that means that if you let it sit, the cost will be larger.
Right after getting your homeowner's insurance coverage policy, go about your property and get pictures of your possessions so you have a visible inventory. Store these pictures in a fireproof risk-free or at a relative's property. These images will aid the insurance coverage organization document your promises, and assist you get your funds quicker.
The very best homeowner's insurance coverage in the entire world might incorporate provisions that require you to hold your house in doing work purchase. You need to scrutinize it to see how much regular upkeep you are needed to do on your property in purchase to be certain that all contingencies are covered. Or else, you may end up getting a protection-related situation you weren't conscious of, simply because the coverage specified you needed to keep that certain portion of your residence in great operating order in buy to file a declare.
If you don't live in an region inclined to floods, you almost certainly have not even thought about obtaining flood insurance policy. Nevertheless, it might be smart to have it. Dwelling in a low-chance location for floods does not indicate that flooding will never happen to you. You can get a fantastic low cost on your flood insurance coverage if you're in a medium or reduced-risk places.
If you have a room mate you want to appear to see if their issues are lined in a catastrophe. Your plan could only contain your personal products. You need to find out what is lined.
Contemplate raising the deductible on your property insurance plan. A increased deductible on your insurance policies coverage can drastically decrease your once-a-year home insurance coverage rates. Sadly, by boosting the deductible, your home insurance firm will no longer shell out for little statements, these kinds of as damaged window restore, leaky pipe restore and minimal wind and flood hurt repairs.
A security system can help preserve you much cash about your insurance policy fees. This will not only give you peace of mind, it will also save you income on your insurance coverage premiums. The much less threat you are, the reduce your top quality will be. You will ultimately conserve adequate on rates to pay for a lot, or even or all, of the protection system.
Several individuals are stunned that when they pay off their home loan, their property insurance coverage prices drop. There is a spectacular fall in the value of home insurance policies when you possess your property outright. This is most likely thanks to the truth that insurers feel that if you own it, you are very likely to get far better care of it.
As soon as you've wrapped your brain around the idea of having insurance policies, you can then commence to take the actions necessary to craft a private policy and get the protection you need to have. The write-up you just read through can help you do this, but you must be prepared to set these suggestions to action in purchase to protected a policy.
Homeowners Insurance West Tremont, ME | Homeowners Insurance Online Homeowners Insurance West Tremont, ME – Homeowners Insurance Online
Are you searching for home insurance coverage in West Tremont, ME? Enter your Zip Code to compare the best options available nearby. Comparing multiple quotes is the best way to save money on your homeowners coverage in Hancock county.
Have you been asked by your mortgage lender to get homeowners insurance? Did you just purchase your first home and understand the value of insuring it but don't know what type of coverage to buy? If so, here is some information to help you get the West Tremont, Maine homeowners insurance you need.
Obtain quotes from insurance agents in person to get personalized help. Or, for more convenience, you can get West Tremont homeowners insurance quotes free online. Protect your home with affordable insurance today.
If you are sensation a bit anxious about obtaining a residence owner's insurance plan, you are not alone. There are tens of millions of other residence owners out there that truly feel just like you as this is quite crucial coverage that is necessary to safeguard your property and house from decline. Make sure you are commencing with suggestions like these ahead of you commence searching.
Lower your homeowner's insurance policy by looking for insurance policies organizations that supply special discounts to buyers who have numerous guidelines. A lot of insurance policies firms supply discount rates of up to 10 percent or far more, so be sure to shop about right up until you find the ideal deal. This can permit you to save on two or much more distinct policy premiums.
Spending off your mortgage loan will reduced your insurance policies premiums. Clearing a house loan could not be an instant likelihood, but fairly a extended-time period objective to preserve in thoughts. Insurance policy firms reward homeowners who own their house totally free and obvious.
The ideal homeowner's insurance in the globe might contain provisions that call for you to keep your residence in doing work get. You must scrutinize it to see how a lot regular upkeep you are essential to do on your home in buy to be positive that all contingencies are coated. Otherwise, you could stop up having a coverage-connected situation you were not aware of, because the plan specified you needed to hold that specific portion of your property in great working get in get to file a assert.
Help save on homeowner's insurance by setting up added smoke detectors. Smoke detectors are required in most new homes, nevertheless voluntarily putting in them in older residences or setting up further detectors in a new residence can get you additional special discounts. Not only is this a wise monetary determination, but it is a single that could help save the life of you or your liked types.
Home loan creditors will call for you to have house owners insurance on your property. A plan can aid safeguard your expense against certain varieties of natural disasters. Obtaining out how significantly a plan is heading to expense you for your possible new house is an critical portion of knowing if you can manage the property you are considering.
If you are organizing on transforming or upgrading your property, keep in mind that the project can probably affect your rates. Guidelines will enhance based on what types of products you use in your home extensions. Wooden will expense much more than cement or steel constructions to insure as it more inclined to fire and harsh weather harm.
study the fiscal health of the company that you happen to be considering acquiring insurance from. You want to make sure that they will have the cash to spend the declare if you uncover by yourself with a need to have to file 1. Repeat the process quarterly as soon as the coverage is in place.
Document all of your valuables and preserve the photographs or video clips of the things that you want lined below your home insurance, in a fireproof lockbox. This will safeguard your documents and make filing a declare for the lacking or wrecked items with your house insurance coverage organization, less difficult and more quickly.
Getting a home owner's coverage is a necessity, particularly if you will be funding your home obtain. The approach can be perplexing nonetheless, and navigating the insurance policy business, sometimes proves difficult. In this article, we have offered you with a few ideas that should help you in creating your variety. Adhere to these suggestions to simplify the method of getting your up coming residence owner's insurance policy plan.
"We will be a World Class, Globally Respected, Engineering Organization, providing the Best Solutions with Great People each Committed to Providing Solutions, Touching Lives..."
Apna Technologies & Solutions (ApnaTech), an Apna Group (established 1979) company, designs and delivers Knowledge Engineering Products and Systems Engineering Solutions. These products and solutions help organizations make better engineering decisions and help improve their efficiencies with data and expert systems. ApnaTech creates these products & solutions for the Railways & the Shipping industry by leveraging its domain expertise in Data Acquisition, Control Systems, Instrumentation, IT, Knowledge Systems, Electronics, Electrical, and Embedded Systems.
ApnaTech offers a variety of products, solutions and services in Railways & Shipping, right from the earliest stage of needs identifications, through system design, custom application development to complete systems integration, implementation, project management and maintenance. With a clear focus on quality and customer satisfaction backed by the skills of its people, ApnaTech consistently delivers the best-of-breed products, solutions and services.
Yamaji writer and painter Charmaine Green explores the impact of mining on the Aboriginal arts industry in a Western Australia rural coastal community with particular emphasis on tensions created from a mining-initiated Aboriginal art exhibition held in Perth called Good Heart.
A well known location for Austin photographers. The Pennybacker Bridge provides a different view every time you visit.
Posted by John Maffei at 10:18 pm	Tagged with: Austin, HDR, landscape, Pennybacker Bridge, sunset, town lake, Water
I took this photo about a year ago with my friend Cliff Baise who was kind enough to show me around Dallas. I revisited it recently and decided to have some fun with a bit of overprocessing.
Michael Ruibal began selling bedding plants with a small truck and a 10’x20’daily rental space at the Dallas Farmers Market. One truck load at a time, one customer at a time, and the desire to satisfy every customer earned a reputation that the best plants could be found at Ruibal’s.
Two decades later, the entire Ruibal family works to expand that reputation for excellence, both in service and in the quality of plants and products we offer.
Dad’s small daily space has grown into an entire city block where multiple trucks unload daily. Our own plant farm now covers nearly thirty acres, growing the highest quality plants, and last year we opened and a second garden center near White Rock Lake .
Posted by John Maffei at 3:45 pm	Tagged with: dallas, Flowers, garden, HDR, Perfect Effects, Perfect Photo Suite, Plants, Ruibal's, Ruibal's Plants of Texas, skyline, sunset, Texture
Lady Bird Lake is a major recreation area for the city of Austin. Its banks are bounded by the Lady Bird Lake Hike and Bike Trail, and businesses offer recreational watercraft services along the lakefront portion of the trails. Austin’s largest downtown park, Zilker Park, is adjacent to the lake, and Barton Springs, a major attraction for swimmers, flows into the lake. Much of the landscaped beauty of the parks surrounding Lady Bird Lake can be credited to the former First Lady, Lady Bird Johnson, who, in the 1970s, focused her attention on the Town Lake Beautification Project.
The City of Austin prohibits operation of most motorized watercraft on Lady Bird Lake. As a result, the lake serves as a popular recreational area for kayaks, canoes, dragon boats, and rowing shells. Austin’s warm climate and the river’s calm waters, nearly 6 miles (9.7 km) length and straight courses are especially popular with crew teams and clubs.
On our recent trip to San Francisco we revisited the waterfront at the Embarcadero. There is a walkway that goes quite a distance out into the water where you can look back at the city. They sky was alive as the sun was setting. San Francisco is one of our favorite cities and has a special place in our hearts.
View from the cliffs above Pennybacker Bridge in Austin Texas. This view is a fairly popular view that requires hiking up the side of a roadside cliff. I had not been courageous enough to try the hike before, but it is quite beautiful once you get to the top. If you are ever in Austin, this is one of those spots you should try to visit. Although much of my work is HDR, this image is just one frame with a long exposure of 30 seconds.
Living in Austin gives you the opportunity to capture a wide range of images. One very iconic image is that of the Capitol. I like to revisit the location from time to time to try and get a new take on its beauty. As I set up and waited for the sun to set, the clouds started rolling in with a very ominous tone. This image shows the office area under the building where most of the offices are.
The beaches all over Maui were beautiful. The sunsets added a surreal mood to their beauty. This shot was taken from a public beach and if you look closely, you can see fishermen on the rocks. They would have had to swim to get there.
We went to Dallas this last weekend to explore the photo possibilities. I wrote my friend Cliff Baise for some pointers, and fortunately for me, he offered to show me around personally. I really like Cliff’s work and was very excited to see what cool places he had in store for us. This first shot was our first stop on the tour. It is of a statue series in the Deep Ellum area of Dallas. The statue is titled “The Travelling Man.” Here is an interesting article about the project.
I processed this as a nine exposure raw bracket using Nik HDR Efex Pro and On One Software’s Photo Tools 2.5. If you haven’t tried Photo Tools, there is a free version of 2.5 now.
We went to Dallas this last weekend to explore the photo possibilities. I wrote my friend Cliff Baise for some pointers, and fortunately for me, he offered to show me around personally. I really like Cliff’s work and was very excited to see what cool places he had in store for us. This shot was our Third stop on the tour.It is a small pool in front of the Dallas City Hall Plaza.
If Javascript is disabled browser, to place orders please visit the page where I sell my photos, powered by Fotomoto.
For millions like me raised on a staple-diet of commercial Hindi cinema, there’s nothing particularly novel about its plot: the relatively lukewarm response it has gotten from Indian filmgoers compared to the rapturous applause elsewhere is proof of this. Its rags-to-riches tale could well be a cinematic-metaphor for India’s own rise during the period in which Jamal, Salim and Latika's lives unfold. In so many ways, it is the story of India as well as those who have lived here through the tumultuous past two decades.
Its phenomenal ‘rules-breaking success’- to paraphrase the longtime film-critic, Roger Ebert- therefore owes equally if not more to the disenchanted times the world suddenly finds itself thrust into as it does to the movie’s delightful intrinsic-charm: after all, what better medicine than a good healthy dose of unbridled Hope wrapped in wondrously uplifting Jai-hos to cure the globe of its seemingly insurmountable Recession-blues? All the other films nominated for Best Picture at this year’s Oscars reflect the Gloom around- but also, within- us; none with the solitary exception of this film offers a way-out: even- or, especially- if the way-out is an implausibly exhilaratingly happy ending. And that is precisely what makes it work.
I leave you with this particular mise-en-scène: as Jamal weaves his way through Mumbai’s reptilian traffic to answer that one last remaining two million-rupee question, a wrinkly old beggar knocks at his car-window. Thinking she has come to ask for money he ignores her at first only to be confronted with the realization that she doesn’t want his money at all; on the contrary, she wants him to win it all. “Béta,” she beams to Jamal as he is driven away, “jeet ke aana.” [Son, win & come.] His victory, after all, would be hers as well. Much as Slumdog Millionaire’s victory on Oscar Night would be India’s- and also of Underdogs everywhere.
It is a very good movie indeed. Truly a bollywood style. Freida Pinto was good, Irfan andSourabh Shukla as expected. And Anil Kapoor was just great.
Why is everyone so eager to jump on this bandwagon? If not for the unbelievable shower of awards, this movie would have slipped into deserved obscurity. Manipulative...flashy...provides a caffeine-buzz but no real nourishment....exciting to viewers who may just be easily pleased....I was annoyed and angered by the way the filmmakers expected viewers to respond to this horror-fairy tale....the more sensitive viewer would not be dancing in the aisles, and those who expect more from their art and entertainment would most likely not be inspired.
itive viewer would not be dancing in the aisles, and those who expect more from their art and entertainment would most likely not be inspired.
Always remembers to explore the following image gallery, which also includes the Slipcover For Dining Chair Box Cushion Wing Chair Slipcover Beautiful Chair Custom Outdoor picture showed above. If you have any thoughts, questions or just want to say hello to other people, please do not hestitate to submit your opinion/ideas via the following comment form.
The rights of any pictures, videos, and/or other materials displayed at ascenvia.net, that is not ascenvia.net property remains to its respective owner/s.
APLpy (the Astronomical Plotting Library in Python) is a Python module for producing publication-quality plots of astronomical imaging data in FITS format. The module uses Matplotlib, a powerful and interactive plotting package. It is capable of creating output files in several graphical formats, including EPS, PDF, PS, PNG, and SVG. Plots can be made interactively or by using scripts, and can generate co-aligned FITS cubes to make three-color RGB images. It also offers different overlay capabilities, including contour sets, markers with customizable symbols, and coordinate grids, and a range of other useful features.
The article is intended for selection, self-shipment, transportation, the cylindrical form of rolls of hay, cured green mass, straw and self-unloading in stacking places
Get your company off to a fast start on your road to Certification. Includes training for the Food Safety Team Leader and Food Safety Team. Compare packages
Gain the qualifications and skills you need in order to audit your company's FSSC 22000 system effectively and with confidence.
This FSSC 22000 online training course is perfect for introducing FSSC 22000 and its requirements to the FSSC 22000 Food Safety Team Leader, top management and employees!
Your employees are critical to the success of your food safety system. Use online "GMP Employee Training" to teach them the importance of their part in the safety of your product.
This website is Educational and Not for Profit to inform & educate the Arab Community in Canada & USA
Home Decorating Styles Home Decorating Styles: Clean Country Decorating • The Budget was posted in December 3, 2017 at 6:15 pm. Home Decorating Styles Home Decorating Styles: Clean Country Decorating • The Budget has been viewed by 39 users. If you want to use this wallpaper, please click the download link below to go to the download page. Right click the image and select "Save Image As" to download the Home Decorating Styles Home Decorating Styles: Clean Country Decorating • The Budget to your computer or select "Set Desktop Background As" if your browser has that capability.
Office Furniture Product was posted in December 3, 2017 at 4:37 am. Office Furniture Product has been viewed by 167 users. If you want to use this wallpaper, please click the download link below to go to the download page. Right click the image and select "Save Image As" to download the Office Furniture Product to your computer or select "Set Desktop Background As" if your browser has that capability.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does afairui.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Watch 70 Yo Granny with Big Ass and Hairy Pussy by Cybernoob video on xHamster - the ultimate selection of free Free Big Pussy & Big Ass Reddit porn tube movies! Recent trends: All xxx porn pictures, tubes and all other trademarks and copyrights are property of their respective owners. We’ve already seen hot and hairy Italian Pizza-Man Tony on many occasions and it’s always such great joy to watch this extra-hung man enjoying a blowjob.
Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 September 2005 July 2005 June 2005 April 2005 March 2005 January 2005 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 June 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 October 2002 September 2002 July 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 October 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 October 2000 September 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 June 1998 January 1998 October 1997 May 1997 February 1997 January 1997 November 1996 October 1996 July 1996 April 1996
This is an area of photography I haven't really explored but on my photo blog, so please forgive me if you find that it doesn't really follow any sense or pattern.
This is a placeholder page for Nathan Adler, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Nathan Adler.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Nathan Adler. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Nathan Adler. We created this page automatically in hopes Nathan Adler would find it. If you are not Nathan Adler, but are an alumni of Alamogordo High School, register on this site for free now.
If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of one or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the site and service (collectively the “Service”) by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it to our Designated Copyright Agent.
Upon receipt of Notice as described below, our Designated Copyright Agent will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged use from the Service and/or termination of the user’s account in appropriate circumstances.
Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or – if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice – you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.
“I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).”
“I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.”
I hereby state that I consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which my address is located or, if my address is outside of the France, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and I will accept service of process from the complaining party who notified us of the alleged infringement or an agent of such person.
If you believe that your trademark (the “Mark”) is being used by a user in a way that constitutes trademark infringement, please provide our Designated Copyright Agent (specified above) with the following information:
As I have allready stated some people are using this plateform for excuting their motives and fraduland plans asking bank details and all after telling cock and bull stories of long pages....with so much stuff and some hot pic also claming that it is theirs.....Please be carefull all of u from such persons...
Die sieben Todsünden: Stolz, Neid, Zorn, Faulheit, Geiz, Völlerei und Wollust. Sie gelten seit dem frühen Mittelalter als die Wurzel allen Übels. Die sieben Todsünden werden moraltheologisch korrekt Hauptsünden genannt, da sie Quelle und Wurzel der anderen Sünden und Laster sind.
I was invited by Bahama Breeze to preview Reggae Fest at Bahama Breeze. All opinions are my own. A few weeks ago, I had the
Folks, we’re going into Deep Space sooner rather than later. Governments and private industry such as SpaceX, Virgin Atlantic and Blue Origin are gearing up to make a deep push to place humans past our moon to Mars and into the asteroid belt and beyond.
People are already volunteering and training to make a one-way trip to Deep Space and work and live there without returning to Earth. But first colonies will need to be built. We can send water and supplies years ahead of people.
But we will need construction materials. Some will be readily available. Capturing asteroids and crashing them to the surface to mine is another option.
Deep Space travel will not be limited to Governments and companies led by Elon Musk, Sir Richard Branson and Jeff Bezoz. Commercial flight is in the drawing board. Virgin Atlantic is billing itself as the world’s First Commercial Spaceline. SpaceX is planning on sending two private civilians on a trip around the moon in 2018.
Inevitably, we will see a team of college students launch someone into space. The volunteer will probably be a frat boy drunk off their @$$ and wake up to find themselves orbiting the earth. Who knows, maybe in the near future a kid will win a science fair somewhere in rural Indiana by sending a classmate into space, orbit the earth, then land safely.
IWSG Do you ever feel a sense of urgency to finish a project because you think someone else is doing something similar and will bring it to market before you and it will be a smashing success? I deal with this about once a month. Sometimes more. I wonder if other people experience the same concern?
Question if you had the opportunity, would you take a commercial space flight? Ever think someone will beat you to market with a similar story?
If you are the owner of any images contained herein and would like it removed, than please contact me.
A few years ago, Vandelay Industries had a contract with a state agency in downtown Sacramento to setup and maintain a large XSAN (now defunct Apple storage platform) installation for a video production department. As we were introduced to staff and facilities, we were given the requisite tour of the on-site data center, housed in a dedicated room on the 14th floor of the building. The majority of the rack space was occupied by an EMC data warehousing platform that was to be the basis of the agency’s paperless initiative. It was easily several million dollars worth of equipment.
I later found out that the paperless project had in fact incurred millions in cost, but had not yet been implemented. The agency engaged a third party consultant to determine why. At a cost nearly equal to the original project, the consultant determined that the infrastructure that had been installed was the wrong product, and worse, now that it was 3+ years old, it was not a viable base from which to correct the problem. Everything should be scrapped and the project should be started fresh.
I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised that nobody really cared about the millions in wasted dollars. The agency employees were used to it, and the contractors, both the initial and the third party consultant brought in later, benefited hugely from the problems. You can rest assured that the original vendor was not held at all responsible for the errors, and that in all likelihood, they were asked to write the NEW RFP!
Aside from the disgusting waste of taxpayer money, the real issue is that the project was, and shall forever be, doomed to failure. There was no clear reason for the project. There were no concrete benefits, there were no business deliverables that the agency could point to as clear improvements.
A quick example: A firm we work with regularly has discovery documents physically delivered to their office, often thousands or even ten’s of thousands of pages. They scan some or all of those documents into a holding folder, and from there they open, edit, highlight, redact, bates stamp, etc via Adobe Acrobat. The documents are then saved in multiple locations, emailed, and printed out again, often multiple times. Hundreds of thousands of pages per year. Millions even.
Paperless was meant to reduce or eliminate the original physical delivery, which could be done electronically. It was meant to eliminate subsequent sharing via printing, which should instead be done electronically. Clearly “paperless” is a misnomer. It should be thought of as an addition to paper, a possible reduction in paper, but not a replacement for paper.
There are some very compelling scenarios for a “paperless” workflow. Certainly the example above of the firm that captures hundreds of thousands of pages annually, can use paperless tools to catalog, organize, and take notes on the electronic versions of documents. With the old workflow, providing copies of documents, with markup, notes, etc to multiple external entities meant making multiple copies, often at significant cost. If the job was too big to be handled internally on firm copiers, that meant outsourcing, and time and expense was compounded. Now, taking electronic notes, making trackable changes, using electronic bates stamping, and using web accessible file sharing platforms make sharing even massive documents or libraries nearly instant, and with very little cost.
Faxing work flows can be equally improved. Where historically practices had physical fax machines for multiple departments, now they can all be consolidated into one server, routed based on inbound line or external caller id, and sorted accordingly. Outbound faxing can be done, just like printing a page, but faxing instead, and using the same contact lists that users have in their email platform. We work with a small healthcare practice that regularly has faxing volume that exceeds 1000 pages DAILY, 100% of which has been reduced to electronic. Lesser used numbers, like the “billing” fax have been pooled to accept overflow for the busiest numbers, expanding their effective capacity. We could spend a whole article on using electronic faxing…
Let me bring this back full circle. The State of California, in their infinite wisdom, believed in the fairytale of a paperless workflow. The biggest failure was the expectation that paper could be eliminated. The vendor responsible should have set realistic expectations, and knowing the industry, should have helped the agency design processes to take advantage of the capabilities before a single hard drive was installed.
What has your experience been? Have you had a successful implementation? A failed one? Are you looking to implement a paperless office? Why? What problem do you hope to solve?
Lovie with the addition of desirous alloy get drilled at the end of one's tether a thick beefy lock up
BC Auto Careers has hundreds of jobs plus salary info, employer profiles, and resources from people on the inside - making it easy to find the auto career that’s right for you.
BCASA is the official voice of B.C.'s automotive sector organizations & businesses for labour market demand.
The ultimate exam preparation tool, 1z0-447 practice questions and answers cover all topics and technologies of 1z0-447 exam allowing you to get prepared and then pass exam.
PDF Version of your practice exam lets you practice your skills on the go and study anytime, anywhere. The PDF test file is an industry standard file format: .pdf. You can use Acrobat Reader from Adobe, or many other readers to view your PDF file, including OpenOffice and Google Docs.
You can use 1z0-447 Practice Questions & Answers PDF Version locally on your PC or any gadget. You also can print it and take it with you. This is especially useful if you prefer to take breaks in your screen time!
PDF practice exam Questions & Answers are very convenient, easy to study, printable study materials. You will get hold of updated exam materials every time you download the PDF of exam questions without any extra cost.
* PDF Version is an add-on to your purchase of 1z0-447 Practice Questions & Answers and cannot be purchased separately.
Your products are available immediately after you have made the payment. You can download them from your Member's Area. Right after your purchase has been confirmed, the website will transfer you to Member's Area. All you will have to do is login and download the products you have purchased to your computer.
All Testking products are valid for 90 days from the date of purchase. These 90 days also cover updates that may come in during this time. This includes new questions, updates and changes by our editing team and more. These updates will be automatically downloaded to computer to make sure that you get the most updated version of your exam preparation materials.
When your product expires after the 90 days, you don't need to purchase it again. Instead, you should head to your Member's Area, where there is an option of renewing your products with a 30% discount.
Testking strives to provide you with the latest questions in every exam pool. Therefore, updates in our exams/questions will depend on the changes provided by original vendors. We update our products as soon as we know of the change introduced, and have it confirmed by our team of experts.
You can download your Testking products on the maximum number of 2 (two) computers/devices. To use the software on more than 2 machines, you need to purchase an additional subscription which can be easily done on the website. Please email sales@testking.com if you need to use more than 5 (five) computers.
PDF Version is a document of Questions & Answers product in industry standard .pdf file format, which is easily read using Acrobat Reader (free application from Adobe), or many other free readers, including OpenOffice, Foxit Reader and Google Docs.
Last but not least, PDF Version cannot be purchased separately. It is only available as an add-on to our main Questions & Answers product.
Testking updates PDF Version together with Questions & Answers product. If PDF file is updated, then the new version will be made available in your Member's Area and you can download the new version from there.
Our testing engine is supported by all modern Windows editions, Android and iPhone/iPad versions. Mac and IOS versions of the software are now being developed. Please stay tuned for updates if you're interested in Mac and IOS versions of Testking software.
Simply submit your e-mail address below to get started with our interactive software demo of your Oracle 1z0-447 exam.
We offer two distinct ways to contact us. If you are looking for a quote or would like our Amityville pool services for your property, please use the form located below or call 877-235-6138.
Copyright © 2018 • Custom Pool Builders. All rights reserved. Amityville Custom Pool Builder | Amityville Pool Contractors | Custom Pools in Amityville NY
At Amlan International, we know that healthier livestock leads to better performance. We trust the gut to get you there.
Our natural feed additives help promote a strong intestinal barrier in multiple livestock species and aquaculture. The result is an active defense against disease and healthy, antibiotic-free growth.
We offer proven, targeted solutions for specific species challenges. Our products are extensively researched and tested with one goal in mind; to improve health, increase productivity and maximize a producer’s profits. Our specially formulated products target bacteria that are specific to poultry, swine, aquaculture and cattle.
Bacterial enteritis caused by pathogenic bacteria and the biotoxins they produce cost the global poultry industry an estimated $6 billion in clinical and subclinical losses every year.
Amlan International products protect flocks against bacterial-related disease and maintain normal droppings—all while helping producers reduce the use of antibiotic growth promoters and keep up with the ever-growing demand for poultry products.
Bacterial-related disease can severely impact swine operations, causing higher feed conversion ratio, intestinal damage, blocked absorption of vital dietary nutrients, and scours. Reproductive efficiency is reduced, and newborn piglets are prone to bacterial infections that reduce productivity throughout their lifetime.
Amlan International products protect the sow and the piglets from pathogenic bacteria and their biotoxins, providing lifetimes of increased performance for the whole herd.
Farmed aquaculture such as shrimp, tilapia, and salmon are susceptible to the same bacteria-related production losses as land animals. Poor diets, environmental controls, water quality, and high stocking densities all affect outbreaks of bacterial diseases.
Amlan International’s natural solutions provide an effective alternative to traditional pharmaceuticals. Our products control disease by chemically bonding with bacteria-produced protein and lipid biotoxins that cause much of the clinical damage and loss.
Mycotoxins and biotoxins can dramatically affect the bottom line for dairy farmers. The presence of mycotoxins in grains and on-farm silage, as well as biotoxins in the gastrointestinal tract of the cow, intensify issues such as mastitis, infertility, lameness, abortion, and milk production.
Amlan International products eliminate a wide range of mycotoxins and prevent biotoxin absorption in the gut, allowing the cow’s immune systems to work at optimum efficiency.
Amlan’s Dr. Hongyu Xue joins leading global experts to speak on bacterial virulence strategies CHICAGO – OCTOBER 15, 2018 – Amlan International, a global leader in developing advanced solutions to enhance intestinal health and productivity in livestock, will host leading…
Pdf- Pleasant in order to my own website, in this occasion I will teach you in relation to 2002 escalade shop manual torrent
Why not consider graphic preceding? can be in which amazing???. if you’re more dedicated consequently, I’l m demonstrate several impression once again underneath:
Pdf), click save button to save these shots to your personal computer. They’re available for obtain, if you want and wish to have it, just click save symbol on the web page, and it will be directly saved to your notebook computer. As a final point if you need to have unique and the latest photo related to (Read 2002 Escalade Shop Manual torrent
Pdf), please follow us on google plus or book mark this page, we attempt our best to present you daily up-date with fresh and new shots. Hope you like staying here. For some up-dates and latest information about (Read 2002 Escalade Shop Manual torrent
Pdf) pics, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We try to give you up grade periodically with fresh and new images, like your exploring, and find the right for you.
Pdf) published by at . Today we are excited to announce that we have found an incrediblyinteresting contentto be pointed out, namely (Read 2002 Escalade Shop Manual torrent
Vocal Coach Thomas Appell | Can you sing a HIGH C without straining? If not I can teach you how. Please take a moment to watch my welcome video.
Well, look no further as these free operating systems are easy to set up and use. It provides services such as network firewalls to isolate applications and protect users from breaches and intrusions. These can be later installed by users though. It is being worked on for everyday use. This Linux distro includes its own package manager, which makes installing additional applications easy.
Mint comes in two flavors — Debian and Ubuntu, but the differences between them are not noticeable. It provides services such as network firewalls to isolate applications and protect users from breaches and intrusions. You can safely deploy RHEL in your virtual or cloud networks. Although it is now discontinued, many new distros like CentOS derive inspiration from it. If you have used Raspberry Pi computers before you might want to look at this. Raspbian is made bearing in mind the hardware restrictions of the single chip Raspberry Pi computer.
Ubuntu is a most used operating system for hacking and programming. This is one of the best Linux distros that you can use instead of kali and windows. The support provided by the Canonical and open source is just awesome. Ubuntu is one of the highlights of Linux desktop situation. Another best Linux distributions that you can use right next to your windows. While one may claim that allow it to be widely used and Canonical has worked hard to produce Ubuntu, other operating system programmers have committed themselves to make among the Linux distros.
Zorin OS is another player who has concentrated itself to reliability and user-friendliness. Above is top 10 lists of best Linux Distro of Open Google and type any of the names from the list with download keyword. You will definitely get the real and working link. These were our picks for the best and most interesting Linux Variants. What are your favorites? Do let us know. This places far less strain on system resources than the graphic-intensive Unity.
You can get started with Ubuntu here and Lubuntu here. Tails is a privacy-oriented Linux distro which has the aim of concealing your location and identity as much as possible. Even Edward Snowden used it. The OS routes all its internet traffic through the anonymising Tor network, which is designed to prevent data from being intercepted and analysed. You can get started with Tails here. CentOS 7 is a community offshoot of the Enterprise version of Red Hat Linux, and its focus is on stability rather than constant updates.
Like Red Hat, security and maintenance updates for CentOS are pushed out up to 10 years from the initial release of each version. It's not quite such a good bet for someone looking for a new OS for daily use on their desktop PC or laptop. On the plus side, you can enjoy the pleasure of having something for nothing — packages compiled for the commercial version of Red Hat Linux are fully compatible with CentOS, so you can use them free of charge. You can get started with CentOS here.
If you want a home music recording studio or a video production workstation without spending the thousands of pounds involved with industry standard software, consider installing Ubuntu Studio. This officially recognised flavour of Ubuntu Linux has been designed for audio and video production, as an alternative to paid software such as Pro Tools.
Support for audio plug-ins and MIDI input is built in and a virtual patch bay comes preinstalled. You can get started with Ubuntu Studio here. The operating system is divided into two main distributions: New versions are released roughly once a year and are supported for three years, making Leap perfect for business applications.
It follows a rolling release model — in other words, packages are made available for download as soon as they've been tested in Factory. This means Tumbleweed contains the latest stable applications and is good for day-to-day use. This feature makes sure that the system changes made by the user stay unchanged while future uses. Knoppix is a well established and stable Linux distro.
It packs more than software packages. For office package Libre office is available. Tools for data rescue and system repair are parts of this distro. There are many distros derived from Knoppix. The portable OS can perform basic computing and more with extraordinary power. Portable Linux Distributions are used for system recovery, hardware compatibility testing and so on. The Portable Linux distros are no less than any commercial operating systems in terms of features and driver support.
The above-mentioned distros seem to outperform conventional operating systems in many scenarios. They can perform a specific task such as system recovery, penetration testing and so on, which most of the other OS fail to perform. Linux distro does all these and still manage to be light enough to be carried on a USB flash drive. Than I read forums saying: Kali is version of Linux intended for system maintainers etc.
Seems that if you want to install anything to Kali Live, you need to do it using command line. Look no further than Knoppix. I have been with Knoppix since version ONE and it has never let me down in any way. Run it from DVD for best security. With lang and keyboard switches it does not matter which language your iso is. It runs in any language you choose! The USB can be set-up any time you want but its not wise to use it over a week or so without renewing it.
It can become a house for bugs. Klaus Knopper is the IT Einstein of the 21st century — hans-down —. Bilibop software for debian distros on synaptic manager will do this. Bilibop-udev is the minimal app for persistance on debian usb installations.
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed. Check here to Select Right….
Not sure which package to choose? These providers offer Internet service through DSL, copper, fixed wireless, cable Internet, fiber-optic services, and mobile broadband. For bulk purchase inquiries, please reach out to multiple-accounts privateinternetaccess. The first thing to look into is broadband coverage in your area. This means that the user has sole access to the dedicated resources and also enables the user to dictate and manage how resources are used. Some universities also block access to sites containing a variety of material. Retrieved 27 June
Some features of the site may not work as intended. Our Mission Our commitment to you is to maintain the highest standards of privacy, while simultaneously providing the most solid, top speed VPN network. US Silicon Valley us-siliconvalley. US New York City us-newyorkcity. US Washington DC us-washingtondc. US Las Vegas us-lasvegas. United Arab Emirates ae. Our readers made it abundantly clear that Private Internet Access should be your first stop for protecting your private browsing data.
For all VPN features. Expiration MM 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 YYYY It has a free zone from 3 to 6 a. CenturyLink offers Internet service to 39 states to an estimated The plans require unlimited nationwide calling, but no term agreement. It offers Internet service across 38 states, with its greatest coverage along the West Coast. With mobile broadband Internet service across 36 states, Cricket Wireless is the fifth largest provider of mobile broadband in the U.
Mediacom is a cable television and communications company. Founded in , it offers Internet service across 21 states, with its greatest coverage to smaller markets in the Midwest.
Cox is the fourth-largest cable television provider in the U. In addition to cable broadband, Cox also offers fiber Internet service, with speeds up to Mbps. The third largest provider of mobile broadband in the U.
Formed in , Windstream provides Internet service across all 50 states, offering DSL, copper, fixed wireless, fiber, and cable internet services. Windstream is the fifth largest DSL provider in the U. T-Mobile is the fourth largest provider of mobile broadband in the U. The third largest satellite provider in the U.
Cable ONE offers cable Internet service, cable television, and telephone service in 21 states, mainly in the Midwest and Northwest. It is the seventh-largest cable company, serving more than , customers.
Suddenlink offers Internet service across 16 states, primarily in the South and Southwest. Speeds start at 50 Mbps, reaching up to 1 Gb in select markets. A regional carrier, U. Cellular offers mobile broadband Internet service across 23 states, mainly in the West and Midwest.
Browse our selection of door catch hardware. Door catches are available in configurations such as ball-catches and roller-catches. Click on a door catch you like to view its product options and details. Door catches are available in many finish colors to match the other door hardware in your home.
Are you looking for new doors for your home? Shop interior doors and wood doors at www.Door.cc today!
Hollow-core doors need special screws to mount hardware. If you have hollow-core doors, please specify during checkout.
Emtek's brass door plates are forged (not cast or stamped) from solid brass to yield thick and heavy products for a truly solid look and feel.
Crystal antique door knobs are hand ground and polished with the same methods used to polish gemstones. These crystal door knobs are silver mirrored on the back side creating a highly reflective interior surface - a design detail that is true to the heritage of these antique door knobs.
French Antique, Pewter, and Oil Rubbed Bronze finishes are hand relieved to give each part individual character.
Emtek's Oil Rubbed Bronze finish is underlain with copper. Normal use will produce natural relief of the oxidized finish and reveal rich highlights on raised portions of the door handle design.
Emtek lever door handles have a fixed stop at the top of their stroke so that it only rotates downward, not up-and-down like most products you find at large home improvement centers.
Emtek door knobs and lever door handles are supported by springs behind the rosette or backplate that will actively return the door handles back to their original "rest" position to prevent sag.
Latches are heavy-duty diecast construction with strong internal springs and solid brass nose bolts.
A plastic bushing located in the joint between handle and rosette ensures a friction free wear surface - preventing metal from bearing on metal and provides smooth long-lasting operation.
Each Emtek door handle has a set screw which, when tightened, eliminates wobbling of the door handle.
Emtek Products, Inc. warrants all items to be free of finish/mechanical defects for 5 years from the purchase date given the following conditions are upheld:
The item does not have an "aging" finish applied to it. Meaning, there is no warranty for items with Oil Rubbed Bronze, French Antique, Rust, Deep Burgundy, Medium Bronze, Flat Black Patina and Silver Patina finishes.
Elderly Care in Woolwich Township NJ: What Can You Expect During the Moderate Stage of Alzheimer's Disease?
Elderly Care in Woolwich Township NJ: What Can You Expect During the Moderate Stage of Alzheimer’s Disease?
Once your aging parent has moved through the first stage of Alzheimer’s disease, they will enter the longest stage. Referred to as the moderate stage or middle stage Alzheimer’s disease, this stage of the progression can last for several years. It is during this time that the challenges and symptoms of the disease will become more distinct and will begin to more dramatically impact your parents functioning, health, and quality of life. By the time that they transition out of this stage and into advanced stage Alzheimer’s disease, the challenges and limitations will be considerable and require extensive care. It is important to begin to prepare for the moderate stage so that you can be ready to give your aging parent to care that they need when they reach this more challenging time.
Becoming more forgetful, including for getting details about their own life and personal experiences
Experiencing more changes in mood and personality, including feeling withdrawn and no longer wanting to participate in activities with friends or family
Having difficulty recalling basic details about their life such as their address or telephone number
Difficulty selecting appropriate clothing for the weather, the event, the time of year, or other specifications
Starting elder care can be a fantastic way to encourage higher quality of life for your aging parent as they age in place. An elderly home care services provider can be with your aging parent on a customized schedule to ensure that they have access to all of the care, support, and assistance that they need to manage their needs in a way that respects their individual thoughts, opinions, beliefs, and goals. Through these highly personalized services, the elder care provider can help your parent to stay healthy, happy, safe, and comfortable while also encouraging more independence and fulfillment throughout their later years. These services can include safe and reliable transportation, medication reminders, assistance with running errands, help with personal care needs, meal preparation, and more.
For elderly care in Woolwich Township, NJ, and the surrounding areas, call and talk to us at Home to Stay Healthcare Solutions (856) 720-0100.
Home to Stay Health Care Solutions (H2S) is a solutions minded, non-medical home care company enabling seniors and disabled members of our community to stay at home.
Home to Stay Senior Care Solutions is owned and operated by the Dubler and Skole Families and was started because of experiences they had with their own Families. In one situation Mom was living alone and had a fall. It was not until this fall that the family realized they were unprepared.
When it was time for their Mom to come home, she needed companion and personal care to assist her and prevent another accident. Like most people in this situation, they were confused and did not know where to go for help. It was this life-changing experience that lead to starting a home care company that is focused on enabling those who wish to stay at home and age in place.
Bug's Popi has a basement full of trains and really cool train displays—a 3-year-old's dream grandpa. But Popi had a recent infestation of bugs in his basement, which required poison treatments, so the trains are currently off-limits.
Tonight, Bug and I were talking about Popi’s choo-choos, and he was lamenting this current predicament. Here’s our conversation:
Mommy: Yes, Popi had to spray poison to kill the bugs, and we have to wait until the poison goes away.
Bug (impressed...with mounting enthusiasm): Popi did kill ALL those bugs! He did hit them and kick them. He did say NO! and NO FAIR! to those bugs.
I can just see, in his little mind, Popi whoopin’ up on those bugs like the Karate Kid, giving them the what for with his mean right hook.
A woman, wife, mommy, sister, daughter and friend who likes blank journals, high heels, Lego towers, the smell of the library, and anything chocolate.
of somersets most magical winter scenes in somerset large pictures desktop wallpapers background,free desktop wallpapers winter scenes large pictures evening,winter scenes desktop wallpapers pictures of to color free,pictures of winter scenes with birds desktop to color our favorite,large pictures winter scenes of with animals scene for paintings,beautiful winter scene in wonderlands pictures of scenes with deer desktop wallpapers background,free desktop wallpapers winter scenes pictures of paintings at state university with birds,desktop background winter scenes large pictures of with deer scene painting museum the city new,winter scenes from at large background pictures of with deer to color,winter scenes photography desktop pictures of with birds background.
Black Pigeon Inc. will pay you up to JPY 120,000 for EACH TALENT or JOB OPENING you refer for full-time or contract positions that ultimately lead to a successful placement! We call it Win-Win Referral Program (WRP).
If you introduce us Talent or Job opening, turns to successful placement, you will be eligible to receive JPY120, 000, for each introduction of Permanent Placements.
If the successful introduction (Either Talent or Job opening) is a contract placement for less than a year, you will be eligible to receive JPY 80,000.
You will be eligible to receive introduction Fee for each successful Talent or Job Opening filled within 12 months of the referral from the day of first introduction to Black Pigeon.
Multiple different Talents and Job leads can give you an opportunity to earn multiple referral fees.
You will not be eligible to receive any introduction fee if the Talent or Job opening (Client Company) is already existed in our database system.
You can receive referral fee through Bank Transfer, Cash Boucher, or Gift Card (eg. VISA, MASTER, JCB etc.).
Referral fee will be paid once we receive payment from our client company. Our usual payment term is thirty days are counted from the first day of employment. Depending on clients, it may extend up 60 to days (Max.).
Black Pigeon mainly focus on Executive, C-level, Managerial and Non-Managerial level assignments in (i) Marketing/PR/Advertising/Sales, (ii) IT/Digital/Technical/Engineering, (iii) Creative/Design, and (iv) Business Supports (eg. HR, Accountant, Admin.) Areas.
People who have been working for same company for long time, have been tired doing the same job, want to challenge something different and advance career.
Want to have relocation such as going back to their own city (U-turn) after secured a job in advance.
Introducing the Hiring Managers (eg. CEO, General Manager, Department Head, Director etc.) Who may need assistance in their new hiring.
Your boss, Supervisors and Mentors who possesses decision making authority at your current or previous jobs
Connecting through the HR/Recruitment Department or Hiring Department who may need reliable and trustworthy Recruitment Agency.
Introducing highly confidential openings and also the right contacts (eg. Name, Title, Department etc.)
Due to the privacy policy, your name will be highly confidential unless you are fine with disclosure.
Often crime fiction has a romantic glamour cast over it, as if there were honor among thieves when all there really can be is a doubtful truce. Red Harvest has no such illusions.
[All] Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development Ministry of Transport and Communications Ministry of Defence Ministry of Health Vietnams Chamber for Commerce & Industry National Center for Natural Sciences and Technology Government Ministry of Planning and Investment Ministry of Finance Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism Ethnic Minorities Committee Vietnam Labour Trade Union Vietnam Women's Association Central Board of Finance (CBF) Ministry of Post and Telematics Ministry of Education and Training Ministry of Construction Ministry of Science & Technology Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment Ministry of Industry and Trade Ministry of information and communications of socialist republish of Viet Nam Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism of Viet Nam
- Manufacturing, supplying and special applications of variety of construction additives and chemicals under BESTMIX® trademark.
- Producing and trading in the industry: the production of additives for textile, leather, paper, paint.
- Trading in industrial chemicals (except chemicals of high toxicity), raw materials, machinery, plastic beads, fabric, garments, automobiles ...
- Supplying lubricant and grease of original source, made by the famous companies on the world market, such as: Shell, Castrol, BP, Caltex, Mobil, Total, Kluber, SKF, Dow Corning, Jet Lube, Weatherford, Bakerlok, Houghton, GS (Korea)... with competitive price, original good quality and quick delivery service.
- Providing services and consultation regarding insect extermination for factories, enterprises, drilling rigs by applying advanced, efficacious and safe technology which is harmless for human and the environment.
- Trading, import and export and import consignment direct materials, goods, machinery and equipment for tourism, manufacturing and life.
- Shipping rock, coal, materials, goods, machinery, materials and equipment for production and life.
- Steam service, service hot water bath ( not including acupuncture , acupuncture and steam in traditional medicine ).
- Production and beverage business, sales of beer ( not including business karaoke room, disco, bar ) .
- Business supplies, medical devices, chemicals ( except for banned chemicals ) and pharmaceuticals, inorganic salts.
- Specialized in manufacturing and trading in chemicals, chemicals and materials for Petroleum industry and other industries such as Hydrochloric acid, Sulfuric acid, Phosphoric acid, Sodium hydroxide, Potassium hydroxide, Sodium carbonate, Ammonium Hydroxide ...; Chemicals for water treatment (Polymer Cation, Anion, PAM, FeCl3, PAC, NaOCl, ...); Chemical chemicals for pile drilling, oil drilling (Bentonite, CMC ...); Minerals: (CaCO3, filter sand, filter pebbles, Dolomite, Fenpat ...); Fertilizers of all kinds (Urea, NPK ...); Sulfur, wood ure-formaldehyde glue ...; Raw materials for animal feed production.
Address: Room 605, 6 th Floor, The Ministry of Industry and Trade's Building, No. 655 Pham Van Dong Street, Bac Tu Liem District - Hanoi.
- Production of spices, seasonings, processed foods, agricultural and rice products with 100% natural ingredients are processed using all vegetarian dishes, savory, seafood, wild meat ...
- Supplying a wide range of flavours, fragrances, seasonings, and other additives for food, cosmetics and other consumer product industries.
Services in the aforesaid technology areas includes: Framing It strategies & policies, requirement analysis, Planning and System Study, Design and architecture of System, translating requirements into technical specification, Procurement Consultancy, Implementation and Migration Planning.
ERNET India has developed demonstrable expertise through successful implementation of ICT projects in sectors as higher education, agriculture, health & medical research, research and Schools.
Tyras husvagn är liten och rund. Hon kallar den för silverkulan. På sommaren krokar Tyra och pappa fast silverkulan efter bilen. Sedan drar de ut på äventyr. Nu är Tyra och pappa på en camping vid en sjö. Pappa vill titta på fåglar men Tyra övertalar honom att paddla kanot. Allt går bra tills pappa får syn på en havsörn ...
Sequel to the famous Bloons Tower Defense. Pop the balloons before they reach the end. Now you have a few more options!
When have I not known what to write? That has never been a problem for me. Writer’s block is something…
Today’s pinterest worthy moment is brought to you once again by Pallet Love. Pallet art is so right up my…
Posted in: Crafty, DIY, Favorites, Project Filed under: coat hanger, Coffee and tea bar, Food, Glassware, Home and Garden, hooks, Kitchen and Dining, mud room, opensky.com, pallet design, pallett, Shopping, Wine, Wine glass, Wine Glasses
Posted in: Crafty, Favorites, Pin of the Day, Project, Recession Frame of Mind, Repurpose Filed under: Accessories, Candle, Crafts, Free Society of Lovers of Literature Science and the Arts, Home and Garden, IKEA, PInterest, Recreation, Sea glass, Shopping
Today’s Pinterest Pinboard of the day isn’t even on Pinterest. But it should be. My sweet little sunburst die cut, inspired by the movie Tangled, is highlighted, which I’m very thankful for. So much so, I’d like to introduce you to Lisa…
Oh, I love camping. The s’mores by the fire is by far the best part… But with everyone’s crazy schedules,…
Here’s what we did LAST Valentine’s day… still deciding on this year’s Valentine project. This was made with heart-shaped cupcake…
Posted in: DIY, Holiday, Valentine's Day Filed under: Classroom, Cook, Entertaining, Holidays, Home, Opinions, valentine, Valentine's Day
Posted in: Holiday, Project, Repurpose, Seasonal, Valentine's Day Filed under: craft, DisneyFamily, valentine
It’s all Valentines day every day right now. It’s consuming. All I can think about. So, this is what being…
Valentines don’t have to be all red and pink, you know. Take it from my colorful friend, who dropped this…
This is a placeholder page for Joy Evans, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Joy Evans.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Joy Evans. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Joy Evans. We created this page automatically in hopes Joy Evans would find it. If you are not Joy Evans, but are an alumni of Ashtabula High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Ashtabula High School	of Ashtabula, Ohio
This is a placeholder page for Keri Cole, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Keri Cole.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Keri Cole. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Keri Cole. We created this page automatically in hopes Keri Cole would find it. If you are not Keri Cole, but are an alumni of Ashtabula High School, register on this site for free now.
The leaves are changing, the days are feeling frosty, and decorations are making their way across homes and storefronts. Though the holiday season is enjoyable for many, it can be a stressful time for families affected by Alzheimer’s disease or other dementias, multiple sclerosis, or Parkinson’s disease. Here are some tips that can help make the holidays more enjoyable—for everyone.
Planning for the future is important for everyone, but it’s especially important if you or someone you care about has dementia. That’s why we’ve partnered with RBC Wealth Management Estate & Trust Services to bring you a series of informative blogs about estate planning. In this blog, Elaine Blades, Senior Manager, Professional Practice Group, RBC Estate & Trust Services, outlines the steps everyone should take to plan for incapacity. By Elaine Blades, Senior Manager, Professional Practice Group, RBC Estate &…
Our brother, Robert, was the oldest of three boys in our family. When he passed away, it felt like we had lost a leg of our tripod, a corner of our triangle. Committed to his family and friends, Robert was always willing to offer extra support during difficult times—like when his own family was touched by dementia. After witnessing the heartbreaking effects of the disease, Robert decided to leave a generous gift to the Alzheimer Society of Canada in his…
Planning for the future is important for everyone, but it’s especially important if you or someone you care about has dementia. That’s why we’ve partnered with RBC Wealth Management Estate & Trust Services to bring you a series of informative blogs about estate planning. In this blog, Elaine Blades, Senior Manager, Professional Practice Group, RBC Estate & Trust Services, explains why it’s so important for everyone to have a will, and what you risk by not having one. By Elaine…
We all know that a healthy lifestyle is important for reducing our risk of dementia and many other chronic diseases. But did you know that it’s equally important for people who already have a diagnosis of dementia? Research shows that lifestyle choices such as healthy eating, staying social, challenging your brain and being physically active can improve quality of life, may help to slow the progression of the disease and can improve your capacity to cope with some of the…
Thanksgiving is more than just a turkey with all the fixings. It is a time to share thanks for all that we have been given and a time for togetherness with family and friends. If a loved one has Alzheimer’s disease or dementia, considerations can be made in advance to ensure an enjoyable holiday for all. Here are some Thanksgiving Dinner tips to help both people with dementia and their families during Thanksgiving: 1. Plan ahead There is a…
By Alex Westman My wife Donna and I met when we were just teenagers—she was 18, I was 16. Despite our youth, we understood early on that we had a deep connection. It was an amazing thing, really, and still is. There was magic in her and she saw something in me. I had a reputation as a bit of a scrapper, but she soon took care of that. These days, I’m almost respectable. I’m a three-term municipal councillor in the…
The Alzheimer Society of Canada celebrates the passage of Bill C-233, An Act respecting a national strategy for Alzheimer’s disease and other dementias. Canada will now become the latest country to develop a national dementia strategy to address the overwhelming scale, impact and cost of dementia. “For the more than half a million Canadians living with dementia and their families, this is an important milestone,” says Pauline Tardif, CEO of the Alzheimer Society of Canada. “A national strategy enables a…
Recently, my family has joined the unfortunate ranks of those who have been impacted by Alzheimer’s disease. My mom started showing early signs of the disease a few years ago, and it has slowly and stubbornly progressed ever since. The toll that Alzheimer’s is taking on my mom is obvious and devastating. Less obvious, but just as significant, is the impact it is having on my dad. As my mom’s primary caregiver, it’s been said that my dad must ride…
Death is a fact of life. Because the transition from life to death is an unknown, humans are full of fear. And fear drives us to avoidance. Even though there has been increasing media attention to end-of-life issues recently, we seem to live in a death-phobic, death-avoidance culture. While our television, movie and video game screens are often filled with images of violent death. And news reports remind us every day of various threats to life. Can we shift our…
pes college going students have to change 2 routes to reach the college. please arrange direct bus connectivity atleast 1 in the morning and 1 in the evening. It would be of great help to save our time so that we can utilise it in productive ways. <br /> <b>Timing(s) :</b> 7:00 AM
More Buses Please: From PES College (Towards Banashankari TTMC) To Depot-18 White Field (Towards Whitefield TTMC)
the college has many students who are travelling towards marathahalli to whitefield locations. one dedicated volvo service origination from this college will be much helpful. if not dedicated service the bmtc service during 3.30 to 4.00 at this college coming towards marathahalli/ whitefield will be very demand. <br /> <b>Timing(s) :</b> 4:00 PM
There are hardly any buses from Kalidasa layout to Vijaya Nagar. It is very much necessary for all the ones staying here. Hoping to see the new routes as soon as possible.
SAMPARKA busses should cover these stations passing thru Hoskerehalli cross / Girinagar, Bank Colony, Hanumanthanagar, Ashrama. <br/> <br/>OR <br/> <br/>50% of the busses towards market can go thru National College Metro station instead of Uma Talkies. <br/>
We do not have any metro connectivity from Srinivasapura cross Indo American Hybrid farm TO Nayandana Halli Metro station. Please provide more buses
Hi , <br/> <br/>We have lot if mud on the Road near SRS bus parking , Veerabhadra Nagar, we are are not able to ride bike nor able to take children to school. <br/> <br/>This is a long penindg thing
I am a resident of 12th Cross, Girinagar 3rd Phase. Our road is frequently used by people going towards Byatrayanapura Police Station as there is no other big road. This being a narrow road gets congested during peak hours. The road also lacks height barriers and even big trucks use the road sometimes. Please solve this problem. P.S: We have never seen our ward representative besides in posters and I think even she hasn&#39;t visited the entire ward even once after election! I request her to please walk around the ward once.
In deepanjalinagar bbmp has changed drainage pipe from 6&quot; to 9&quot; except 1st main 7th cross, due to this drainage line blocked regulary. We have given complaints also regarding this.
I am writing to say many thanks for a great job done. Helen has been doing our cleaning over the last couple of weeks. It is wonderful to come home to such a clean and tidy house. You have exceeded our expectations.
Just a very quick email to let you know that Jane called today to collect our keys and started yesterday. We are pleased with the thorough work she carried out.
Thanks for the work Sue carried out. She is a totally reliable cleaner. She did a fantastic job. The house has never looked or smelled as
I am writing to confirm that we no longer require your services. This in no way reflects your very high standards which we have welcomed and grown accustomed to over the past three years.We hope that when we move we can find an equally reliable company.
know you had many problems the other day due to the severe weather and to be honest did not except you to turn up. Thanks for making the effort.
﻿ 4.3 Embryogenesis, fruit/seed development and seed dispersal - Office of the Gene Technology Regulator
4.3 Embryogenesis, fruit/seed development and seed dispersal - Office of the Gene Technology Regulator
Pollen grains germinate immediately after settling on the silk. The pollen tube takes between 12 and 24 hours to reach and fertilise the ovule (reviewed in Sleper & Poehlman 2006). Upon completion of fertilisation the silk detaches from the ovary and dries out.
In the first phase of embryogenesis, irregular cell divisions result in a proembryo consisting of approximately 12 – 24 cells within 100 hrs after fertilisation. The initial basal cell divides into a number of large, vacuolated suspensor cells. By the same time, the initial apical cell has given rise to 9 – 18 small cells that are densely filled with cytoplasm.
Starting approximately 8 – 9 days after fertilisation, the second phase of embryogenesis commences, which leads to the establishment of meristems and the embryonic axis by approximately 13 days after fertilisation (transition embryo). Approximately 14 – 15 days after fertilisation, the coleoptilar embryo is established, characterised by the differentiation and growth of scutellumf, coleoptileg, coleorhizah and root and shoot apical meristem (see Figure 3). By approximately 16 days after fertilisation, the first leaf primordium arises. After this time, the embryo is referred to as stage 1 embryo. It is now approximately 1 mm long and weighs approximately 1 mg.
During the last stage of embryogenesis (during 30 – 40 days after the first leaf primordium appears), embryo growth continues, more leaf primordia and a primary and one or more secondary root primordia develop, and the whole embryo is enveloped by the expanding scutellum. Storage products also accumulate within the embryo during the final phase of embryogenesis, especially in the scutellum. At kernel maturity the embryo may have a fresh weight of approximately 50 mg (Sheridan 1988).
The pericarp (ovary wall) and testa (seed coat) are fused to form the fruit wall and because of this tight adhesion between fruit and seed, the two structures actually appear to be a single structure. This structure is commonly referred to by a number of interchangeable terms – fruit, kernel, grain and seed. The kernels are composed of three main parts - the embryo, the endosperm and the fruit wall (see Figure 3). The number of kernels per ear and the number of ears that develop is established at, or shortly after, pollination (Duncan 1975).
The rate of cob development is dependant on environmental factors, such as climate (particularly temperature) and genetic factors, such as cultivar (see discussion in Norman et al. 1995; Sleper & Poehlman 2006).
The grain filling period in maize is approximately 8 weeks in length (Lee & Tollenaar 2007). As reviewed by Farnham et al. (2003), the following stages can be discerned during kernel development: blister stage, milk stage, dough stage, (dent stage in dent maize varieties) and physiological maturity. Physiological maturity is generally reached approximately 55 – 65 days after silking.
For the first 10 – 14 days after fertilisation, the husks, cob and shank develop rapidly and soon after, nutrients are accumulated in the developing kernels (Farrell & O'Keeffe 2007). The small blister-shaped kernels are filled with a clear fluid.
The milk stage is characterised by the presence in the kernels of a white fluid with high sugar content.
During dough stage, the kernels are filled with a white paste and, starting at the tip of the kernel opposite the embryo, starch is deposited. This starch deposition is visible, as a ‘milk line’ develops (soon after denting in dent maize varieties) between hard (starch-filled) and soft (paste-filled) phases of the endosperm. A milk line of 0 indicates that no starch deposition has occurred, whereas a milk line of 5 indicates that starch deposition is completed. Monitoring the progress of the milk line towards the base of the kernels allows estimating the time to physiological maturity.
Physiological maturity is reached once maximum dry matter has been accumulated in the kernels and their moisture content is approximately 30 – 38%. A ‘black layer’ is formed underneath the tip of the kernel that is attached to the cob. It seals off the kernel from the remainder of the plant.
Information on harvesting and post-harvest can be found in a number of sources (see Colless 1992; Lafitte 2000b; Farnham et al. 2003). The moisture content of the grain at physiological maturity is usually above 30%. After physiological maturity is reached, kernels continue to loose moisture and in moist tropical environments, harvest should not proceed until moisture content has been reduced to approximately 25% (Paliwal 2000e). Usually, mechanical harvesters perform best at a kernel moisture content of approximately 18 – 24%. After harvest, maize grains must be dried artificially to no more than 14% moisture in order to minimise infestation with pests and development of diseases during storage. Artificial drying should be carried out at temperatures below 49°C.
The rate of development of maize is linked to temperature (over 24 hours) rather than to photosynthesis which is governed by temperature only during daylight hours (Duncan 1975). The concept of thermal time (expressed in units of day degrees) can be used to categorise maize cultivars into early- and late-maturing (see also discussion in Section 2.3). Basically, thermal time is a measure of accumulated temperature that is required for a phenological character (such as flowering) to take place. Lafitte (2000b) and Norman et al. (1995) note that tropical maize cultivars have a lower yield than temperate cultivars because, while temperatures are higher in the tropics, the plants have a much shorter time to maturity.
Pollen can have an immediate effect on kernel characteristics, a phenomenon that is known under the name ‘Xenia’ (reviewed in Sleper & Poehlman 2006). The underlying cause for it is the fertilisation of the diploid polar nucleus by the haploid vegetative sperm nucleus, resulting in triploid endosperm cells. As the endosperm comprises approximately 80% of the mature maize grain (reviewed in Boyer & Hannah 1994), kernel characteristics depend on the genotypes of both female and male parent. Endosperm characteristics that exhibit Xenia include endosperm colour (eg yellow vs white), waxy vs non-waxy endosperm, aleurone colour (purple vs colourless), starchy vs sugary endosperm and non-shrunken vs shrunken endosperm.
The maize cob lacks any abscission layers between its basic units and therefore the cob remains intact at maturity (Doebley et al. 1990). Thus the tightly held grains are unable to be dispersed and confer a low survival rate to the maize plant in nature (Fedoroff 2003). The cob itself usually remains on the plant until harvested but if left on the plant or if damaged by insects or disease will eventually fall to the ground. This means that there may be localized dispersal of grains around the base of the plant. Harvesting activities and grain transport result in more widespread grain dispersal (see Section 8.1 for a discussion of volunteerism). Indications from the scientific literature would not suggest that dispersal of maize grain by animals, including birds is significant although there is the possibility that intact grain may be spread as the result of the activities of vertebrate pests (see Section 7.2.2).
The author reserves the right not to be responsible for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims regarding damage caused by the use of any information provided, including any kind of information which is incomplete or incorrect,will therefore be rejected. All offers are not-binding and without obligation. Parts of the pages or the complete publication including all offers and information might be extended, changed or partly or completely deleted by the author without separate announcement.
The author intended not to use any copyrighted material for the publication or, if not possible, to indicate the copyright of the respective object. The copyright for any material created by the author is reserved. Any duplication or use of objects such as images, diagrams, sounds or texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the author's agreement.
AAA Replica Watches Group brandslike Certina, Tissot, and Longines are using Rolex Replica ETA movement, some times even those made exclusive to these brands, while Omega, Blancpain and Breguet have a strong focus on developing and manufacturing their own movements So, welcome to the Replica Rolex pit of mechanical movements. Confused? Don??t be! Replica Hermes Handbags The only thing that is really important is: is an in-house manufactured movement better than those from 3rd party suppliers? The short and simple answer is: No, an in-house movement is not a quality seal or by definition worth the extra money.An in-house movement might make a watch manufacturer more interesting, as they can show they have the Replica Handbags knowledge and or craftsmanship
All the latest landscapings that we collect are from internet and others media. But, they are different from the others. We have choosen you the best one from all of the pictures on internet. Here are the best pictures of the latest landscaping that you can save as background on your desktop or computer.
We have choosen many pictures and posted them, particularly for you, the cool landscaping wallpapers lovers. Design A Room 3d picture that you see right now is the best picture from the others with the same brand and type. Our aim to post this picture is to inform you the latest images collection.
Get Design A Room 3d pictures and make this wallpaper for your desktop, tablet, or smartphone device. For best results, you can choose full size to be easily customized to your screen.
This Design A Room 3d is provided only for personal use as wallpaper on computers, smartphones or other display devices. If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images.
I was having trouble finding specific blogs and thought that if I was, you must be too. With this list, all you have to do is click on which blog you want to read and it will open in another page where you can read it without having to do much scrolling. Or you can just do a search by clicking on search (the magnifying glass) found on the upper right side of this page. Stay safe and stay strong. Thanks for following.
; I'm Still Here, is a guide to living with and surviving PTSD - post traumatic stress disorder. It is a true story written by a survivor describing the symptoms, triggers and treatments that are currently available.
Please feel free to leave a comment, even if it's an anonymous one, but make sure you write anonymous, or your alter-ego's name when it asks for your name. Otherwise it won't post. Thank you for your interest.
How to Fake a Moon Landing: Exposing myths of science denial by Darryl Cunningham though published in 2013 is right on target in this day of ‘fake news’.
Looking at the science and controversies behind such topics as climate change, fracking, evolution, chiropractic and homeopathic care, vaccinations causing autism and the conspiracy story that astronauts did not land on the moon, Cunningham looks to give us some insight into the veracity of all claims.
Let’s take the chapter on climate change, a topic that is often explored in classrooms. Presented are common arguments that the Earth’s climate is becoming warmer and as well as those that refute this claim.
Cunningham explains that to really understand climate change we need to see the big picture, we need to see what is happening on a global level, and not base our opinions on local events such as extremely hot summers or extremely cold winters. In addition to looking at patterns on a global level we need to look at the Earth’s historical data, as well to see these patterns over very long periods of time.
Overall, there is an immense amount of data to breakdown and analyze but the science does back up the theory that the Earth’s climate is indeed changing. He presents the following facts:
*global sea levels have risen about 17 cm in the past century, a rate of increase that has doubled in the past decade.
*there has been a consistent global surface temperature rise since the 1880s and most of this warming has occurred since the 1970s with two of the warmest years happening in the past 12 years.
He presents additional information about shrinking ice sheets from highly credible sources with measurable points for comparison over time. He explains how Earth’s atmosphere traps greenhouse gases and that there is a correlation between human activity since the industrial revolution and increases in global temperatures.
Next, he addresses the points of contention that arise in discussions about climate change like, “Isn’t it true that a growing number of eminent scientists now believe climate change to be wrong?” But statistical analysis of the opinions of climate experts showed that only 2.5 percent of the world’s top 200 climate scientists are skeptical of human-made climate change.
Cunningham explains that many of the conspiracy theories come from interest groups, such as the fossil fuel industry who have a vested interest in preserving the status quo.
Now all of this sounds like pretty heavy going, doesn’t it? But the book is done in fairly short chapters in graphic novel-style. The tone is conversational as our narrator is depicted in each section and leads us through the controversies and evidence. I think it’s taken me longer to write up the section above describing the chapter about climate change than it did for me to read about it.
This book will be a terrific addition to classrooms to promote discussions about climate change and any topic which might fall into either category of ‘news’ or ‘fake news’. It will with encourage critical thinking for those at the secondary levels. Each section is credited with the sources that the author consulted to write this book.
I am the reference coordinator at The Doucette Library of Teaching Resources, a curriculum library in the Werklund School of Education at the University of Calgary. I love connecting education students and teachers with engaging and exciting resources for classroom teaching. I believe that resources that get me excited (or those that get you excited) are the ones with the best potential to get kids interested in learning about - well, everything. Finding those books that connect to the real world are the ones I enjoy promoting the most.
Enter your name and email to generate a unique referral link and receive credit for anyone who applies through your link.
(一) At the beginning of the twentieth century, many people thought that the American family was falling apart. A century later, we know that this was not the case. However, although the family is still alive in the United States, its size and shape were very different 100 years ago. In the late 1800s and early 1900s, there were mainly two types of families in the United States: the extended and the nuclear. The extended family usually includes grandparents, parents, and children living under the same roof. The nuclear family consists of only parents and children. Today there are many different kinds of families. Some people live in "traditional" families, that is, a stay-home mother, a working father, and their own biological children. Others live in two-paycheck families, single-parent families, adoptive or foster, families, blended families (where men and women who were married before marry again and , combine the children from previous marriages into the new families) child less families, and so on. What caused the structure of the family to change? In the early 1900s the birthrate began to fall and the divorce rate began to rise. Women were suddenly choosing to go to college and take jobs outside the home. In the 1930s and 1940s, many families faced serious financial, or money problems during the Great Depression, when many people lost their jobs. During World War II(1939-19
45),5 million women were left alone to take care of their homes and their children. Because many men were at war, thousands of these "war widows" had to go to work outside their home. During the next ten years, the situation changed. There were fewer divorces, and people married at a younger age and had more children than the previous generation. It was unusual for a mother to work outside the home during the years when her children were growing tip. Families began leaving cities and moving into single-family homes in the suburbs. The traditional family seemed to be returning. In the years between 1960s and 1990s, there were many important changes in the structure of the family. From the 1960s to the early 1970s, the divorce rate doubled and the birthrate fell by half. The number of single-parent families tripled, and the number of couples living together without being married doubled again. In fact, the single-parent household, once unusual, has replaced the "traditional" family as the typical family in the States. If we can judge from history, however, this will probably change again in the twenty-first century. The Changes of the American Family Main comparisons Different1 Contexts There were two __2 types of families in the past, 3, the
extended and the nuclear. Nowadays __4types of families can be seen than before. Many of the women had to work In the 1900s outside due to the __6of money., and 1940s thus causing the fall of __7__and the rise of divorce rate. Divorce rate slided and there were In the 1950s more children . The families tended to be 8 again. Different types of In the years familes__
9. Traditional families between 1960s and are no longer the typical ones in 1990s America. A trend worth noting
(二) The family sphere(^ 围) used to be defined by its isolation from the public realm. There was the public male realm(领 )of "rational accomplishment" and cruel 觉)
and emotion. The private realm was supposed to be isolated from the realities of adult life. For both better and worse, television and other electronic media tend to break down the difference between those two worlds. The membrane around the family sphere is much more permeable(可 ). TV takes public events and transforms them into
dramas that are played out in the privacy of our living rooms, kitchens and bedrooms. Parents used to be the channel through which children learned about the outside world. They could decide what to tell their children and when to tell it to them. Since children learn to read in stages, books provide a kind of natural screening process, where adults can decide what to tell and not tell children of different reading abilities. Television destroyed the system that separated adult from child knowledge and
separated information into year-by-year slices for children of different ages. Instead, it presents the same information directly to children of all ages, without going through adult filters. So television presents a real challenge to adults. While a parent can read a newspaper without sharing it with children in the same room, television is accessible to everyone in that space. And unlike books, television doesn't allow us to flip(翻转) through it and see what's coming up. We may think we're giving our children a lesson in science by having them watch the Challenger take off, and then suddenly they learn about death, disaster and adult mistakes. Books allow adults to discuss privately what to tell or not tell children. This also allows parents to keep adult material secret from children and keep their secret keeping secret. Take that same material and put it on The Today Show and you have 800,000 children hearing the very things the adults are trying to keep from them. "Television takes our kids across the globe before parents give them permission to cross the street." More importantly, children gradually learn that adults are worried and anxious about being parents. Actually, television has also places families under a lot of stress. How Television Changes Childhood? Contexts Homes used to be isolated from the 2realm. Distance between 1__and the outside. Homes nowadays are __3__to the outside world. In the past, children might learn __4__about the outside world with the help of parents and
5. Media through which children can More information is got directly obtain information through TV and other electronic media, which breaks down the __6 between adult world and the child world. Traditionally, kids could only knew what they should learn at their age, carefully8by their parents. 7 of the information children get Everything can possibly be known by children, including many aspects of life. Effects on family education Families are now under greater stress than before. Adults are anxious about Parental instruction being parents and faced with new __
(三) Some people believe that greed and selfishness has become the basis of modern society, and we should return to the old traditions of family and community then we will have a better life. To what extent do you agree or disagree with the above opinion? In this fast-paced world, many values are undergoing major changes. While people traditionally prioritize caring, sharing and generosity in life and work, modern people seem to be more self-absorbed and self-concerned. Modern people act selfishly to survive the harsh competition of life. They say that it is a jungle out there. To survive, you have to fight with whatever means that come handy. Obviously greedy and selfishness go perfectly well with such ideas. In a company, employees do everything they can to get better pay and higher position, even at the cost of colleagues. We are in any way advocating any selfish conduct. It is just that people are pressured to act in a certain way due to outside influences. In spite of common practice, it is hard to conclude that modern society is built on greed and selfishness, both of which are not newly invented vocabulary. In ancient times people also did greedy and selfish things though such behaviors were more condemned then. But we can not ignore the fact that people in the past lived a relatively more isolated life and faced less pressure compared with their modern counterparts. Are we happier to share with others and be generous to them? There is no fixed answer either. Some people take great pleasure helping and giving to others while others feel happy doing the opposite. But I personally think that people should not be too selfish. Caring for others can actually encourage the development of a mutually beneficial relationship. In conclusion, modern people appear to be more self-centered than those in the past due to strong outside pressure. However, we should encourage people to know the importance of being caring and generous and to build a mutually beneficial relationship with others. Are Modern People Becoming More Selfish? Contexts In the past people put caring, sharing and generosity in the first
2. Nowadays, people seem to be more 3about themselves. 4are changing too. People in the past appeared to be modest and self-effacing(谦让的). People may strive to achieve their own __5 at the price of their coworkers. The author's understanding Main comparisons __1__ are changing
Fierce __7 and great __8on modern people may be responsible for the changes. A relationship which can 10 two sides should be established.
(四) Traditionally, customers may consider more about what they buy the product for. However, the image of product and the consuming circumstance have become the key points to attract customer awareness and stimulate their buying needs. Frequently, customers buy goods just because they are cute, lovely and unique. With a less emphasis on functional utilities, the experience and imaginative space are placed into an increasingly important role. The image of product is emphasized, as well as the communication between products and consumers. "Customer behavior, which appears to be focused and directed at the object and at pleasure, in fact responds to quite different objectives: displaced expression of desire, and the production of a code of social values through the use of differential signs"(Baudrillard) . The reason for image-oriented customer behavior is probably that customers' lifestyle has been continuously virtualized by paying much attention to "Virtual Reality". The evidences can be traced from computer games and Hollywood movies, in which customers' preference for fleeing reality is perfectly matched.
This change requires us to take efforts to enhance product image by integrating style, color, taste, shape and material, and communicate with customers creatively, imaginatively and innovatively, and enable them to enjoy the distinctive experience image brings. "[A] need is not a need for a particular object as much as it is a 'need' for difference" ( Baudrillard). The typical example is Apple Computer's IMAC, which has strong visual impact and outstanding dynamics. By this way, customer relationship can be set up through image, and brand can be treated as living that can transform people. Other examples commonly used are Disney Fairyland and Las Vegas, where new experience and imagination are fully demonstrated. In sum, consumption is negotiation, a never-ending conversation held in the languages of advertising, packaging, branding, fashion, and entertainment.
More Attention to the Image of Product Main comparisons Different aspects 1about by people when they are shopping.
3by the 4 of product and the buying atmosphere. Traditionally, producers may focus more on the functional utilities of goods. Different 5__ to promote sales Nowadays, product image should be __6and there should be more effective 7with customers. More details worth noticing Influenced by computer games and Hollywood movies, people's 9is virtualized. Apple Computer's IMAC/ Disney Fairyland/ Las Vegas
A listener has written from China for advice about how to lose weight. Michael in Shanghai says he is 26 and has battled obesity for most of his life. Obesity , a severe weight problem, is a complex condition. A doctor may advise taking medicine along with changing one's behaviors. Experts say that the most successful weight?loss plans include a well-balanced diet and exercise. People who want to avoid weight gain have to balance the number of calories they eat with the number of calories they use. To lose weight, you can reduce the number of calories you take in, increase the number you use, or both. A recent study looked at four of the most popular dieting plans in the US. Researchers at Stanford University in California studied over 300 overweight women, mostly in their thirties and forties. Each woman
At Alaziz for Contracting & Project Management, our client’s needs always come first. From the get to, you will learn that you are working with a company who cares about your project as much as you do. We have extensive experience in home renovations projects small and large in scope. Whether you are looking to finish a basement, complete a kitchen renovation or want a section of your home remodeled, our team has the expertise and craftsmanship to ensure your home is built just the way you want.
Our professionals will work with you from the initial conception through to construction completion, listening carefully to what you desire, working within your budget and time frame. We believe that consistent communication is the key to fostering great relationships and with every project we build, we are not only building your dream home but a relationship with you the homeowner.
Whatever the size of your project, our company team is composed of tried and true professionals who will guide you through the process and make your home renovation an exciting and positive experience. Our skilled project managers, craftsmen and contractors will work diligently with you to build the home of your dreams – increasing the value of your home and way of life.
I’m Drew Poland, better known online as Baltimore Drew. I’ve made my name as a WordPress Developer, and it’s been my pleasure to share my knowledge about WordPress in both the online and offline world. I’ve had the opportunity to present at several WordPress conferences and meetups, which you can view on my Speaking page.
I’ve been working in web development since 2008 and specializing as a WordPress developer since 2009. In the years since I started working as a freelance WordPress Developer, I’ve had the chance to complete projects for many clients ranging from small businesses to large venture capital funded companies. I am currently available for hire. You can fill out the form at the bottom of this page to start a conversation with me about your project.
As long as there’s caffeine available, I’ll keep charging up and delivering results. I’ve had the chance to work on local Maryland WordPress projects as well as projects from clients around the world. If you live in the area or are just passing through, I’d be happy to discuss your project needs in person over a steaming cup of coffee or one of Maryland’s tasty microbrews.
I can give your site far more than just an attractive look. By developing custom WordPress themes, page layouts, and more… I can help simplify your workflow, save you time, and improve the overall functionality of your site. Take a look at my portfolio of recent clients that hired me as a WordPress PHP developer.
I’m currently accepting new clients, and I look forward to learning more about you and your project. Please fill out the form below to get in touch with me.
Here at Less Care, we are passionate about our high quality and affordable kitchen and bathroom products. We strive to select only the best solutions for your home or work place. LCGT25224TB 25" x 22" Tan Brown Granite Vanity Top (4" Spread) is a perfect example of our superior product
| Posted by LestersLegends | Categories: Fantasy Football, fantasy football rankings, fantasy football wr rankings, NFL | Tagged: 2017 fantasy football rankings, 2017 fantasy WR rankings, 2017 NFL rankings, 2017 Wide Receiver Rankings, 2017 WR rankings, 2017 wr rankings Week 17, Fantasy Football, NFL, NFL rankings, Week 17 fantasy rankings, Week 17 fantasy rankings 2017, Wide Receiver Rankings, wide receiver rankings Week 17, WR rankings, WR rankings Week 17 |
| Posted by LestersLegends | Categories: fantasy football rankings, fantasy football wr rankings, NFL | Tagged: 2017 fantasy football rankings, 2017 fantasy WR rankings, 2017 NFL rankings, 2017 Wide Receiver Rankings, 2017 WR rankings, 2017 wr rankings Week 16, Fantasy Football, NFL, NFL rankings, Week 16 fantasy rankings, Week 16 fantasy rankings 2017, Wide Receiver Rankings, wide receiver rankings Week 16, WR rankings, WR rankings Week 16 |
| Posted by LestersLegends | Categories: Fantasy Football, fantasy football rankings, fantasy football wr rankings, NFL | Tagged: 2017 fantasy football rankings, 2017 fantasy WR rankings, 2017 NFL rankings, 2017 Wide Receiver Rankings, 2017 WR rankings, 2017 wr rankings Week 15, Fantasy Football, NFL, NFL rankings, Week 15 fantasy rankings, Week 15 fantasy rankings 2017, Wide Receiver Rankings, wide receiver rankings Week 15, WR rankings, WR rankings Week 15 |
| Posted by LestersLegends | Categories: Fantasy Football, fantasy football rankings, fantasy football wr rankings, NFL | Tagged: 2017 fantasy football rankings, 2017 fantasy WR rankings, 2017 NFL rankings, 2017 Wide Receiver Rankings, 2017 WR rankings, 2017 wr rankings Week 14, Fantasy Football, NFL, NFL rankings, Week 14 fantasy rankings, Week 14 fantasy rankings 2017, Wide Receiver Rankings, wide receiver rankings Week 14, WR rankings, WR rankings Week 14 |
| Posted by LestersLegends | Categories: Fantasy Football, fantasy football rankings, fantasy football wr rankings, NFL | Tagged: 2017 fantasy football rankings, 2017 fantasy WR rankings, 2017 NFL rankings, 2017 Wide Receiver Rankings, 2017 WR rankings, 2017 wr rankings Week 13, Fantasy Football, NFL, NFL rankings, Week 13 fantasy rankings, Week 13 fantasy rankings 2017, Wide Receiver Rankings, wide receiver rankings Week 13, WR rankings, WR rankings Week 13 |
| Posted by LestersLegends | Categories: Fantasy Football, fantasy football rankings, fantasy football wr rankings, NFL | Tagged: 2017 fantasy football rankings, 2017 fantasy WR rankings, 2017 NFL rankings, 2017 Wide Receiver Rankings, 2017 WR rankings, 2017 wr rankings Week 12, Fantasy Football, NFL, NFL rankings, Week 12 fantasy rankings, Week 12 fantasy rankings 2017, Wide Receiver Rankings, wide receiver rankings Week 12, WR rankings, WR rankings Week 12 |
| Posted by LestersLegends | Categories: Fantasy Football, fantasy football rankings, fantasy football wr rankings, NFL | Tagged: 2017 fantasy football rankings, 2017 fantasy WR rankings, 2017 NFL rankings, 2017 Wide Receiver Rankings, 2017 WR rankings, 2017 wr rankings Week 11, Fantasy Football, NFL, NFL rankings, Week 11 fantasy rankings, Week 11 fantasy rankings 2017, Wide Receiver Rankings, wide receiver rankings Week 11, WR rankings, WR rankings Week 11 |
| Posted by LestersLegends | Categories: Fantasy Football, fantasy football rankings, fantasy football wr rankings, NFL | Tagged: 2017 fantasy football rankings, 2017 fantasy WR rankings, 2017 NFL rankings, 2017 Wide Receiver Rankings, 2017 WR rankings, 2017 wr rankings Week 10, Fantasy Football, NFL, NFL rankings, Week 10 fantasy rankings, Week 10 fantasy rankings 2017, Wide Receiver Rankings, wide receiver rankings Week 10, WR rankings, WR rankings Week 10 |
| Posted by LestersLegends | Categories: Fantasy Football, fantasy football rankings, fantasy football wr rankings, NFL | Tagged: 2017 fantasy football rankings, 2017 fantasy WR rankings, 2017 NFL rankings, 2017 Wide Receiver Rankings, 2017 WR rankings, 2017 wr rankings Week 9, Fantasy Football, NFL, NFL rankings, Week 9 fantasy rankings, Week 9 fantasy rankings 2017, Wide Receiver Rankings, wide receiver rankings Week 9, WR rankings, WR rankings Week 9 |
| Posted by LestersLegends | Categories: Fantasy Football, fantasy football rankings, fantasy football wr rankings, NFL | Tagged: 2017 fantasy football rankings, 2017 fantasy WR rankings, 2017 NFL rankings, 2017 Wide Receiver Rankings, 2017 WR rankings, 2017 wr rankings Week 8, Fantasy Football, NFL, NFL rankings, Week 8 fantasy rankings, Week 8 fantasy rankings 2017, Wide Receiver Rankings, wide receiver rankings Week 8, WR rankings, WR rankings Week 8 |
Sterling silver, hand crafted one of a kind ring. Cowboy on a bronco. Jewelry by Rene, custom orders available.
Our Clinic is located at the northeast corner of Mathilda and El Camino Real. The office is on the 3rd floor in the building right next to Citibank. Upon entering the enterance you can find an elevator on your right-hand side.
Need to have black tee shirts customized for the team or function? Irrespective of whether It is in your tech theater crew, safety staff, sports activities group, or actually any team beneath the Sunshine, you’ve arrive at the correct position. At CustomInk we provide an enormous number of black t-shirts to design, in a variety of measurements and types. Our on the net design lab makes it enjoyment & very easy to design on Individuals black tees with in excess of thirty-thousand higher-high quality photographs and several other hundred fonts.
The black jerseys instantly assisted the coaches immediately determine starting up gamers. The unmarked jerseys were collected on a daily basis for laundering after which you can redistributed in the up coming follow.
Indeed! As an additional reward, you are going to get Absolutely free worth shipping on a considerable choice of non-qualified Shipping
Go assortment is constantly being optimized. Items are added and eradicated for numerous causes, nevertheless the primary reason is to indicate things that we are 100% sure we could produce in the promised timeline.
When you'd fairly put on your own personalized design and style, make a custom made t-shirt only for you. If you'd like outfits that reflects who you happen to be, store our comprehensive t-shirt selection these days.
Go delivers endless nationwide delivery. If you might want to return or Trade an product you could send out it back for gratis or choose it on your neighborhood store.
These mobile teams suffered significant casualties resulting from becoming undermanned, less than Geared up and beneath qualified.
Move-suitable order. In such a case, The client Treatment group will remove your account from automobile-renewal to make sure you usually are not charged for yet another yr and you will proceed to make use of the subscription until eventually the end of the membership phrase.
Be suggested that changing your location even though procuring will get rid of the many contents from your browsing bag.
Go delivers endless nationwide shipping and delivery. If you'll want to return or exchange an product you may ship it again without charge or get it to your check it out neighborhood store.
Our value is decreased than the manufacturer's "bare minimum advertised price tag." Subsequently, we can easily only site web show our cost inside the searching cart.
Fabric preference: Most t-shirts are created of cotton or possibly a cotton Mix. Different fiber material in the fabric can insert read Gains like moisture wicking or cooling.
Kadir Has University - Rochester Institute of Technology Together we wanted to leave a trace in people's mind. This is an school workshop and semester project about how to use life's ended tire as urban furniture.
Hi everyone, it's our new blog site that we can post photos, drawings, videos or questions about our project subject Black Traces . H...
#ref(): The style ref(filename,pagename) is ambiguous and become obsolete. Please try ref(pagename/filename)
Been a while since we were introduced to some new bush pals that go out with our fellow B&B members.
I love being out in the woods! I like this quote from Mors Kochanski - "The more you know, the less you carry". I believe in the same creed, & think "Knowledge & honed skills" are the best things to carry with ya when you're out in the wilds. They're the ultimate "ultralight" gear!
Also, Im of the opinion that my dog is never off leash except in her own back yard. She listens better than most children on the trial but you never know what may spoke or excite her to run off.
She carries her own backpack with food/water and her bowl, a spare first aid kit for both of us, ID for her and where we are at that trip. Sometimes, if cold, she will carry her own sleeping pad and/or knife.
I had a "bushdog" for many years until she passed away -- so far can't bring myself to find another. But, that picture TOTALLY reminded me of my Jo. Almost exact same with different coloring on the coat - beautiful dog. Of all places, I found her in a dog pound.
Jo was almost never on a leash, but was very unusual in that she would heal naturally (from the 1st day together). I never taught her anything, but we just liked being together. She totally just "got it." She was amazing, and I used to get comments about her bahavior all the time, and she became somewhat of a local fixture - nobody knew me, but they sure knew Jo. I used to tell her to chill out when I went into a supermarket, and she would just stare at the door (again, no leash) until I came out. I never taught her any of this.
We did some winter treks together that were brutal, but she was a fantastic dog for this. There were times when it was so crappy that I'd have to carry her over large parts of icy scree, and I would wonder what we were trying to prove. I remember suffering through a horribly cold night on an outcropping together, and she was inside my sleeping bag with her head on my face.
I modified some saddle bag-style packs for her, and she'd carry up to 15 pounds no problem. She, in fact, seemed to absolutely love it, and summer treks I didn't have to carry anything because she seemed to enjoy doing the heavy lifting. I would have to hide the doggy pack from her, because if she saw me even go toward it then she would flip out thinking that we were going into the woods.
I also made a harness for her, and would take her tubin' on the sled hills outside of town. She would literally run down the hill after me, then I would hook up the tube and she'd haul it up to the exact same spot everytime, and she would wait for me to trudge up.
I had one period where I nearly lost my mind, and hit the road on a 7000 mile journey. She sat next to me the whole time.
She is a Rescue dog,and the driving force behind most of my adventures. No matter the weather,she takes me
1) If ya have a dog(s) , what is its' name(s) & do you take them with you when ya get out in the woods bushcrafting/camping, or the like?
I have two hunting dogs, Harry and Sam. They are both Deutsch Drahthaars, which is considered a 'versatile' breed; sometimes called a 'continental' breed, because they were developed in Europe to hunt upland birds, waterfowl, small furred game and blood track larger game. They probably aren't what most would consider optimal bush dogs because of their high game drive. I use mine to hunt just about everything and they go along with me on hikes, I just have to be careful where I allow them to be off leash. Harry is getting old and although he was once a very wide ranging dog he now stays pretty close. I have to constantly supervise Sam, he's into everything. I have used them for doves, ducks, geese, grouse, partridge, rabbits and squirrels and tracking deer. They will find and kill skunks and coons if you let them. Sam even killed and retrieved a muskrat during duck season. Harry has found and brought me shed antlers. I have used them to pull a kicksled, I take them along on bike rides, and they used to jog with me when I was in better shape.
2) If ya do take your dog out with you, please tell the things you do if you only go out for a few hours or , if you go out for a few days & nights?
I let them run and keep them within about 100 yards. I have only done overnights, and only with Harry. He either curls up and sleeps with me or lays at the opening of the tent guarding the door. I generally don't take any food along with me on day trips, because I don't feed them if they have been active. Harry's mother died from complications associated with bloat or gastric torsion. I like to let them get home and settle down. I have, however taken them on overnight or multiple day hunts and then I have to get some wet food to mix with the kibble to get them to eat at night.
There was five of us hunting that day, Harry found fifteen birds and a coon. I'd shot a bird in the cattails and was trying to recover it. I saw the cattails moving and started to reach for the rooster and Harry jumped in to grab it, but it wasn't a rooster, it was a pretty fair sized boar coon. He probably saved me some stitches that day.
Madmax's photo that didn't come thru. Just trying to help him out,, since he is out in the sticks on his solo Pot & machete 2114 first outing.:
Right now we have a mini schnauzer, really more the wife's dog. Good dog button my idea of a camping dog. I miss my shepherd. IMO most any dog can be a good one if you get along with it.
I see we have a few more folks that have shown some of their dogs in some pics. I am bumping this one up to see if anyone else wants to share their bush buddies with us here.
I have a mystery mix named Cyber who doesn't come out with me. She's 80lbs of rescue and is very dog/animal aggressive. I have done a couple of short hikes, but if there is a chance of running into off leash dogs, it's a nightmare. She'll also bark at any animal made noise, so I can't imagine trying to get her to sleep outside.
I don't know how I missed the thread JB, But its a good one and thanks to everyone for sharing your buddies.
Sasha, She is a red heeler, I think I've shared photo's of her on all our outings, but will do so here.
She goes everywhere we go. when its not to hot to leave her in the vehicle, she goes to the store or when we go out to eat, she sits very patient in the car and waits knowing her mommy will bring her a treat
She rides in the canoe all day and never makes a fuss. She didn't like the tent floor under her feet at first and slept under the cook table or beside the tent door on our first campout.
She is great in the woods and loves treeing squirrels, tracking any game but will keep me in her sight at all times when out hiking or just roaming around.
She has treed opossums, coons, flush birds, alerted on a large Rat, (thing was the size of a squirrel) it was nesting in a flex drain pipe I had laying in the back of the tool shed, when I raised one end,out ran the rat right in her face, LOL, the chase was on, for a few minutes before she snapped it up, dead rat, then she went and buried it for me, good dog
Being a heeler, she is very smart and a mind reader, LOL. Stubborn is what comes to mind the most. Sometimes she wants you to touch her then again she want let you.
She loves Kids and likes to grap your pants cuff or shoes, fetches sticks and balls, she may or may not give it back when she returns with it,
Here's my four legged buddy His name is Artemus he's a Jack Russell Tarrier, he go's out with me if I'm on a day hike but not if I'm on a mission, he's just too hyper. I asked his Vet. if he'd ever calm down the doc. said, "Oh he'll eventually calm down, when he's dead."
My first thought after spending time in camp with Sasha was, "I wish I hadn't had Max fixed." Can you imagine a whole litter of red heelers running around Kicco? LOL RUN KIDS!!! ...and protect your heels.
I hear ya Tony Sure wish Max had it in him. She will be two in Sept and I'm thinking of breeding her once. Got to find the right boy for her though.
Speaking of breeding. Duke is 6 now & I put the word out that I would like to find a mate for him to get a pup. Either another pup for us, or one for my oldest son,Sam, my DIL & the 2 grandboys. I think every child should have a dog pal around when they are a kid. I think it can teach responsibility & character from a young age. It also doesn't hurt to have a watchful eye on the child, or children, particularly in this day & age.
I absolutely agree every kid needs a dog buddy if the family can do it. I had a Great Dane that was my best friend and protector. He'ld be sitting waiting at the end of our looooong lane on the farm when the bus dropped me off.
Both pics are great! But I have to give a to the one with the kid.... Man... that just shows what it is all about!
I have 2 dogs a small terrier cross and her litter sisters pup whos sire was a retreiver cross.their names are Ace and Duece(although everyone calls duece Donkey) i dont take ace out much anymore as she is getting older and has hip problems,i take the donkey with me as much as i can.i dont have pics on this computer but my avatar shows them
Thanks! The brown one is named Ranger, he is the alpha and the kids guardian, the big black guy is named Wizard (he is Ranger's brother). And the boxer mutt is named Chevy, we just got him and he came with the name (the dog has a motor - so we may keep it). Chevy is 5 months old and is keeping big guys busy....
Goin thru this again , I need to update a bit. We lost our old dog of 15 years , the border collie/springer spaniel mix, Buddy, last year, but got a new buddy for the Missus. The new dogs name is, Jasper. He is a bit over a year old purebred Australian Shepard. Was supposed to be a "miniature", but at approx 50 lbs. I'd say he is a regular.
One of these days I will post a a couple more pics here to update... Duke is still here. At 7 years he is beginning to show a bit of gray, but then again...So am I. another LOL...
When my sisters dog got into it with a neighbours golden cross my sister got her dog from the same litter as i got my older dog Ace
From what i was told there is terrier,cocker spaniel and border collie in the first litter plus the golden cross with the second dog.hope that aint too much to muddle through,was a PIA to type lol
They knew the history of the dog, it wasn't the nicest ones, and then when the previous owners didn't want him anymore, they tied him to a tree in the forest in -26 celsius where he stayed fro at least 2 weeks. Eating snow for water and a homeless guy feeding him bread every now and then.
After those 2 weeks, the homeless guy went to the local pub in the near by village, told them about the dog, and that he had no money left to feed the dog as well, so if they could take care of him. So the villagers called the dog shelter who made pics of him, put it on social media etc, and within 24 hours I picked him up. He was still at the tree, they where not sure if he was aggressive or not.
After a hour or so watching him, his behavior, i went to him and untied him, and he never left my side again :-)
Now almost 2 years with me, we did a lot of training since he knew nothing, and now we are at the point where he listens very well, no leash is needed.
Unless we are in the woods, and he sees a rabbit or deer. Then he hears nothing it seems. But thats ok, he is too slow to catch anything.
About trips, i try to take him with me on every trip I can. He has his own 'backpack / saddlebag' so he can carry his own blanket and food.
Great story & great looking bush buddy! I wish you both many years of friendship, & time spent together!
Something about rescues... They can be the most loyal companion you'll ever have. Max doesn't like it when all 3 of us aren't together or he loses line of sight with us. I hit him in the head almost daily with the door coming out of the bathroom 'cause he lies right there until I come out.
The day I wanted to make a decision about it, the chimney sweeper came by without ringing the bell at the gate, and walked right in.
Buddy pushed him with his front paws against his shoulders against the fence and barked right in his face, it looked very scary. He didn't hurt him though. I was a little shocked as it all went so fast, I shouted his name, and he let the guy go, and sat down next to me.
He still does not play with any toys or sticks, but loves his squeezy rubber chicken thingy that makes a sound.
All the standard stuff like sit, come, lay down, stay, he knows now, and my girlfriend is now making good progress with the 'search' part, but it works only if we hide food :-)
He is happier, physically much better in shape (in the beginning he could barely run, with the previous owner he was mostly locked up in a house according to the villagers) and loves to go out.
It sounds all so nice, but in reality it is hard work. There are thousands of dogs in dog shelters, and many people take dogs from those shelters to give them a new home which is great.
Whoever wants a new dog, I always advise to take one from a dog shelter, those dogs need it more then a new born special breed high priced puppy.
The Flash Bandit aka Mister Biscuits, a (mostly) Blue Heeler goes everywhere I do. He was a "tossed away" dog I got before he was weaned and before the coyotes found him. At the time he was so young that I carried him around inside my shirt when it was cold and bottle fed him. The last dog, technically my son's, let a big black bear walk right up on me while I sat reading but she was about 150 years old at the time. Not that I felt threatened by the bear but still, it could have been a lion. No similar worries with the Flash. He eats dry food and whatever I eat except coffee. Good bud - in the bush or otherwise with enough inherent high energy that it keeps me moving whether I'm in the mood or not. That's good too.
I'll have to post pictures later. I can't seem to be able to upload pics to photobucket. I'll ask in the appropiate thread.
I do have a male golden lab that is 15 months old. his name is gunner, and he absolutley loves being outside. I have always taken him with me whenever I spend time in the outdoors, and just to run errans in the truck. I havn't been on a solo overnight since we got him, but he does go camping with the family and out on our friends pontoon. A funny story was last november, we was at a party on the lake and was eating dinner outside when I couldn't find him. Well I went to the lake shore and sure enough he took it upon himself to go on a midnight swim. Couldn't have been more proud.
Ive got two dogs , one is a ringer for Mad max's dog but with a tail , Queensland heeler .. and a Scotish Deer hound, think of a very large greyhound with longer hair.. they are both about 2 years old and a bit wild but love to go in the bush with me..Mind me better in the bush than at home.. Mostly they sleep beside me , I take some food for them but like my Akita seem to catch some of their own food.. the deerhound always brings me the catch. so far as I know.. she hits Jacks on the run something to see, they can hit almost 40 mile per hour in about 3 strides..
the dog that went with me for years was an Akita , I had her until she died about 3 years ago,she was on countless treks with me over the years went dogless for a year, first time in years I didnt have a dog.. then I got he deer hound followed by the heeler.. great guard dogs here in the desert rancho.. the deerhound has killed two coyotes , they use them a lot for coyote hunting.. The deerhound s name is Arrow, or Sweetheart and the heeler is called Dingo Dick or Stud Nuts..it started off as Boddidly that way I had Bo and Arrow but his name changed as we went along..he answers to all 3 names..
Had to drive to Colorado to pick up the deerhound as they are hard to find.. I didnt want her shipped..
Love Sasha's coloring. Man, she has energy. And an Alpha female. LOL. Max used to go go go until dark thirty. Now we hike in the morning for 1 1/2 to 2 hours and he hits the couch and doesn't move until Kelly gets home. It's fun to watch him try and keep his eyes open all day on the weekends. You can almost here him whine."I don't want to miss anything..." He's caught squirrel, rabbit, chipmunk, a bird flying too low, and a bluegill (His favorite activity is fishing on a clear spring run like Rainbow River). The catching is about done as he's a bit pudgy. But we're working on that.
I finally got some recent pics of Jasper yesterday. Most of the rest were him as a pup. But they are on my phone & not too good quality anyway. So I used a digital camera this time. I am not a very good photo guy, so these are about as good as I can get them..
A close up for the first one. Hard to get one, as he is like a wound up spring letting loose, every time I get him out with Duke in the wilds. ( like Tigger from Winnie the Pooh, bouncing all around) He has a lil bit of snow on his face, by his right eye.
It was about 27-28F & calm out & we had to get out & run anyway, so we had a great time. Took some pics made a couple videos & enjoyed the afternoon. Duke & Jasper had a great time once again, but were also happy to get in the truck & go home & have some snack treats.
Wow. Great looking dogs. LOL, yeah Australian shepherds do have A LOT of energy. Add to it they are smarter than me and whew! Sooooo trainable though.
I thought about getting Max a companion. But he doesn't interact a lot with other dogs. Not mean, but just ambivalent after the obligatory sniff, pee, then it's See ya. He and Sasha did fine together (after a quick snarling, teeth baring, no contact, who's the Alpha spat. lol). But both were focused on their masters not each other.
Max looks like a hairy leaping forest creature when he's out when it's snowing jumping and snapping at snowflakes.
Ind. H.B. - Gunner looks like one good feller to hang with! I luv Labs. Miss my Chesapeake, Belle. RIP...
UTC... That there is one helluva cute pic! Almost looking like... "Why ya make me sit like this? I wanna go play!"
LOL, Tony Sasha likes to sleep on her back a lot, especially on her big round doggie cushion. It's funny how the breed has a lot of the same actions an attitude. Love them heelers.
JB looks like you got some good companions there. Great looking dogs. If I had to pick another breed to go with Sasha, it would be a Aussie Shepherd.
This is my woods buddy. She is limited in where and what she can do but she is a real trooper. Loves to go fishing and sleeps on my bag in the summer and in the bag in the winter. I found her outside of ridgway co in the middle of nowhere. She had been abused, cigarette burns, matted hair, and a broken tail. The first four or so months I had her she was the politest dog ever , never wanting to offend and never demanded. Then one day she turned into the bossy little dog she is now, almost like a light switch. She never leaves my sight, at home or when we are out in the woods. Squirrels are her mortal enemy, and she is on constant patrol. In her younger days she brought us mice, small birds, lizzards, all inside the house laid by our bed. When it was just the two of us she slept on the bed, now she sleeps in the hallway where she can see into each bedroom. Her name is spot and all she wants to do in come inside your house, sit on your lap and eat whatever you are eating.
Meet to discuss a book every 3rd Tuesday of the month at 1pm. Bring a bag lunch and the desire to have fun. Click here to find out more!
Meet to discuss a book and/or film based on a book the third Thursday of every other month at 6:30pm. Click here to find out more!
Do you love comics and pop culture? Then you need to be a part of the Comic Book Club. Each month we will review the latest happenings in the world of comics, television, and movies. In addition we will discuss a different graphic novel each month. Click here to find out more!
This site is made possible by a grant from the U.S. Institute of Museum and Library Services. It is managed by the The Library of Virginia Library Development and Networking Division.
There are currently no dealers available that match the selections you have made, but we are working on it. Please select another make, state or city to view.
This list of Mazda Dealers located in Englewood, Tennessee (TN) is believed to have been correct at the time of posting. If your Englewood, Tennessee Mazda Dealership is not listed here or you see an error in your listing, you may tell us about it here. Standard listings are free, but they are neither guaranteed nor warranteed.
A-Z Home Inspections is a premier home inspection company serving Boynton Beach, Delray Beach, Lake Worth, Wellington, West Palm Beach, Royal Palm Beach, Loxahatchee and all surrounding communities in the Palm Beach County area.
Teaching Latin at St.Peter Canisius Minor Seminary Mertoyudan, Magelang, Indonesia (1998-2000); Assistance Director for Students Services and Leadership, teaching at De Britto High School, Jogjakarta, Indonesia (2001-2002); Director for Extracurricular Activities (Moderator) at Gonzaga High School, Jakarta, Indonesia (up to August 2007). Speaker for various workshops and seminars on Character Education and Teacher's Professional Development.
第一部分 长对话 长对话一 Q1-2 细节罗列场景 W: Zad, Have you bought some flowers for Mom’s birthday? Mom loves flowers. M: Flowers? No! We just bought her flowers for the Mother’s day. How about a nice box of chocolate? W: She’s trying to lose weight these days, doe ...
Over the years, Alliance Française de Bhopal has earned a strong reputation for promoting Arts and Crafts in the region. While the organisation has been hosting painting exhibitions in its gallery on a regular basis, August 2018 brought a breath of fresh air to the premises with the exhibit Laya which brought ceramics, poetry, and paintings […]
By Hadzifejzovic's words, before he was moved, a kind of riot happened in RTVBiH, initiated by the federal premier Edhem Bicakcic. In a of letter of Hadzifejzovic it is said that his removal is an attempt of the SDA (Party of democratic action) to take control over the biggest BH electronic media before the elections in november. The name of federal premier Bicakcic again is mentioned in this "media repression" contest. Not long time after his attempt to shut down the "not so close anymore to SDA newspaper" Dnevni avaz, a daily newspaper with biggest run of copies in BiH.
The accused side, headed by Vladimir Bilic, the president of the temporary board of RTVBiH and director of the federal TV BiH, sayd that "Hadzifejzovic case" is nothing more than a consolidation and professionalisation of state TV station. And, judged by them, it's logical that Hadzifejzovic is fired. Mirjana Micevska the new editor of informative political program on RTVBiH shares the same thoughts.
But to give you a complete view in situation we should not forget to mention the fact that nine journalists - editors of RTVBiH, wrote an open "true letter" to the Bosnian public. In this letter they are accusing the present editorial staff of RTVBiH for "daily' pressures, threats, blackmails and censorship's".
It's obvious that the state RTV is a too strong and too important media to end up this story on one refusal and a few announcements. The case is initiated by politics, and it will be end up like that, like everything that had a touch with politics in last ten years. Even if OHR announced that this case is a private thing of RTVBiH.
It has been 15 years since the Olympic Games were in Sarajevo. Arbitration commission for Brcko started their work in Vienna. They were supposed to make the final decision about status of Brcko. As arbitration was getting closer, this "final decision"became less real. Their sessions started at the beginning of this month, and the most possible solution could be the idea of a district area. That would be the way to satisfy all sides.
The commissions' "hard work" will last until the 2nd of March, when they should finally decide. It is too long, especially if you know the decision is already made, and Bosnian "tribe leaders"can't change it. The first part of the session includes BiH leaders' explanations of the reason why they are the ones to get the Brcko. After that, the commission will make the final decision. They were all unsatisfied with Westendorps opinion that the final decision should be prolonged for the next five years. Not many people like this idea.
In the meantime, there are some rumors that Paris conference about Kosovo is somehow connected with this Vienna commission. Some spoke about the possibility of territorial transactions on BiH-Kosovo relation.
As you could imagine, Branko Miljus did not become the new mandator of RS government. The man that nobody likes, did not get the majority he needed to succeed. It seems that nobody took his promisses for serious.
Two states and two governments wouldn't be enough to ensure the ministry positions he had promised. Although he did not prove to be successful in proposing mandators, Nikola Poplasen has his third chance. But, it is already clear that both sides in RS Parliament will hold on to their opinions. At the end, Carlos Westendorp will nomonate the mandator and the government. Nobody said anything about the assembly crisis, although they still don't have their government.
The new mandator will (or will not?) surprised, but he will (or will not?) delighted with the idea. But this choice showed up as a mistake at start. Only Nostradamus knows the end of this episode.
Molirad Dodik, unfortunate primeminister (who happens to be in the USA these days) , continues to expand the division between republika Srpska and Yugoslavia.
After he had stopped financial transaction between RS and Yugoslavia, Dodik decided to make new moves. He made a custom over all products imported from Yugoslavia to RS. He seems to accept confrontation a game with Milosevic. But it is not clear if that is his political opinion or he just wants to ensure the International Community that he is serious in neutralizing Milosevic's influence in BiH.
He thinks his actions should confirm Dayton, BiH and RS as something real and inevitable, a state which functions for itself and not for Yugoslavia.
And he also thinks (but will not say that in public), these actions could help his political affirmation in the eyes of International Community. We had a chance to see some similar (but worse) examples in Federation.
Vladimir Srebrov's act of burning the national flag, got its successors. Episode "People against Carlos Westendorp, International Community and similar" begins again. Nobody burned anything yet, but according to some statements, a lot of things will burn. Areas with Croatian and Serb majority saw posters which many people disliked. These posters invite people to clasify international Community and SFOR as occupators and to get them out from the cities and state (whatever "the state" means) in peace and dignity.
SFOR said this act and acters were extremists. And they do not know who actually did that. If they want to know- the union of Croatian veterans and invalids did that ; they said so themselves. They did not make any comment on accusations about aggression. But, one international official said that after the Madrid conference, BiH is practically under protectorate (occupation?) of International Community and Carlos Westendorp who has got all the authorities for "the occupation."
If we consider that the end of recent spontaneous gathering of Foca citizens were broken bones, it is easy to assume that internationals suspect everything that moves.
Someone said " if you are honest with me I will love you longer." Maybe love doesn't matter, but honesty does.
Unsatisfied with the Dayton agreement, HDZ BiH (Croatian party in BiH) decided to form a new entity-Herzeg Bosnia. They think they don't have as much power and rights as they need, so the solution is to form the entity. I do not know if such political decision could be considered serious, but it is clear that it is the reality which will become stronger and stronger.
Invisible boundary already exists, everybody knows that, that is the boundary left after the war. Croats find they are suffocating from the Federation.
I don't know if they will feel free "on their own". But I don't expect the Dayton cookers to agree so easily. It would be insane to accept that solution, after they had spent so much money, human will, lives etc. to rebuild this country. Do they realy think it is possible to live better just if you have "your own" entity. If it is true, then I am afraid the war was just an overture for the blood games which come after.
This month could be very important for the future of the Catholic church in Herzegovina. For its present and future survival in that area.
The ministers of St Francis should leave the chuches after few centuries they had spent in Herzegovina. St Peter's order should take over the church infrastructure. It is based on Pope's declaration. Vatican is determinated to stop a few centuries of St Francis order's history. Still, from the way things look in present perspective, it does not seem they will develop the way Vatican had it in mind. Catholic majority in Herzegovina are opposed to this decision.
For the record, St Peter's order and Vatican itself never admitted the miracle of Madonna in Medjugorje. St Francis order did. The line of confrontation is based on that fact: people + St Francis order vs Vatican + St Peter's order.
This case is around thirty years old. The Vaticans' declaration was first made in 1968. When St Peter's were supposed to take over the churches, they met bricked doors and unsatisfied believers. Even then local population disliked St Peter's.
The entrance to Capljina church was bricked for several war years because believers refused to accept St Peters priests. The door was unbricked when St Francis' priests came back.
Since sanity has become very rare in this area it is easy to presume the end of this religious episode.
Well in that Travnik bombs are exploding again. Accidentally (or not) a police officer was blown up. He was a Croat.
Reactions are different, depending on the side. But this was too much for some. The attack on the police officer became one more reason to persuade HDZ in neccessity of forming their own entity ...much safer, as they put it. Urgent meetings were called. IPTF and MUP concluded that the situation in Travnik and the whole canton is extremely bad. Even though Izetbegovic is still trying to convince us that BiH is one of the safest countries in the world. Something needs to be changed.
According to announcement made after the IPTF and MUP summit, many responsible people (responsible for a bad situation) will be beheaded in the upcoming period. That should be enough to prevent flying of ordinary people, flying made by explosions and bad security situation.
Indeed, it was a difficult decision. The only system they managed to build for their 8-years of rule was the criminal one. And now they have to destroy what is their most favorite and best functioning one.
Lately, they announced the list of people who will lose their positions because of what they did (mostly SDA members). Crime, disturbing returnees, attacks on minorities... are just few of the things they did.
And the case of Dzevan Mlaco proves this should be the truth. A man who was very powerful in Bugojno, and was one of the most influential people in SDA lost his power. It was little because of SDA, a little because of Westendorp, and little because of his own stupidity... Nationalist Mlaco was expelled and Bugojno can breathe.
So last year I was researching off shore banking, and lets face it, if you have not researched off shore banking yet then you have your head in the sand. It was an extremely frustrating process as I came to realize that in the international banking world I am largely pariah. Why? Because I am an american.
See when international banks deal with americans, they are inviting the american government to have a look at them as well... and for most apparently its just not worth it.
One particular incident with a small canton bank in Switzerland stuck out. I was talking to a banker there and he simply said they could not help me because I am american, and they had no interest in my government's paranoid control issues.
"He once bet against the New York Yankees... and the North surrendered." - Jamie "The Mad Aussie" Reardon
"Nate is the definitive source on firearms, whiskey, and extreme right wing politics." - Andrew Wood
"If Sheldon Cooper and Yosemite Sam got into that teleportation machine on The Fly, Nate would walk out the other side." - Dave Knox
Naruto and Guren help each other from the hungry mini Three-Tails as Rinji's men attack Lee's group. Yūkimaru and Kakashi devise a plan to track the Three-Tails with the boy's power and get Naruto and Guren out. After Naruto and Guren escape from an illusion making fog, Naruto begins to realize Guren's good intentions. Yūkimaru then plays the song his mother taught him right above where the Three-Tails is submerged and Kakashi makes a crack in the beast's barrier; Naruto and Guren hear the tune and blast their way out.
And now, taking my leave of you, I would rehearse a tale of love which I heard from Diotima of Mantineia, a woman wise in this and in many other kinds of knowledge, who in the days of old, when the Athenians offered sacrifice before the coming of the plague, delayed the disease ten years. She was my instructress in the art of love, and I shall repeat to you what she said to me, beginning with the admissions made by Agathon, which are nearly if not quite the same which I made to the wise woman when she questioned me-I think that this will be the easiest way, and I shall take both parts myself as well as I can. As you, Agathon, suggested, I must speak first of the being and nature of Love, and then of his works. First I said to her in nearly the same words which he used to me, that Love was a mighty god, and likewise fair and she proved to me as I proved to him that, by my own showing, Love was neither fair nor good.
"What do you mean, Diotima," I said, "is love then evil and foul?" "Hush," she cried; "must that be foul which is not fair?" "Certainly," I said. "And is that which is not wise, ignorant? do you not see that there is a mean between wisdom and ignorance?" "And what may that be?" I said. "Right opinion," she replied; "which, as you know, being incapable of giving a reason, is not knowledge (for how can knowledge be devoid of reason? nor again, ignorance, for neither can ignorance attain the truth), but is clearly something which is a mean between ignorance and wisdom." "Quite true," I replied. "Do not then insist," she said, "that what is not fair is of necessity foul, or what is not good evil; or infer that because love is not fair and good he is therefore foul and evil; for he is in a mean between them."
"Well," I said, "Love is surely admitted by all to be a great god." "By those who know or by those who do not know?" "By all." "And how, Socrates," she said with a smile, "can Love be acknowledged to be a great god by those who say that he is not a god at all?" "And who are they?" I said. "You and I are two of them," she replied. "How can that be?" I said. "It is quite intelligible," she replied; "for you yourself would acknowledge that the gods are happy and fair of course you would-would to say that any god was not?"
"Certainly not," I replied. "And you mean by the happy, those who are the possessors of things good or fair?" "Yes." "And you admitted that Love, because he was in want, desires those good and fair things of which he is in want?" "Yes, I did." "But how can he be a god who has no portion in what is either good or fair?" "Impossible." "Then you see that you also deny the divinity of Love."
"What then is Love?" I asked; "Is he mortal?" "No." "What then?" "As in the former instance, he is neither mortal nor immortal, but in a mean between the two." "What is he, Diotima?" "He is a great spirit (daimon), and like all spirits he is intermediate between the divine and the mortal." "And what," I said, "is his power?"
"He interprets," she replied, "between gods and men, conveying and taking across to the gods the prayers and sacrifices of men, and to men the commands and replies of the gods; he is the mediator who spans the chasm which divides them, and therefore in him all is bound together, and through him the arts of the prophet and the priest, their sacrifices and mysteries and charms, and all, prophecy and incantation, find their way. For God mingles not with man; but through Love. all the intercourse, and converse of god with man, whether awake or asleep, is carried on. The wisdom which understands this is spiritual; all other wisdom, such as that of arts and handicrafts, is mean and vulgar. Now these spirits or intermediate powers are many and diverse, and one of them is Love.
"And who," I said, "was his father, and who his mother?" "The tale," she said, "will take time; nevertheless I will tell you. On the birthday of Aphrodite there was a feast of the gods, at which
the god Poros or Plenty, who is the son of Metis or Discretion, was one of the guests. When the feast was over, Penia or Poverty, as the manner is on such occasions, came about the doors to beg. Now Plenty who was the worse for nectar (there was no wine in those days), went into the garden of Zeus and fell into a heavy sleep, and Poverty considering her own straitened circumstances, plotted to have a child by him, and accordingly she lay down at his side and conceived love, who partly because he is naturally a lover of the beautiful, and because Aphrodite
is herself beautiful, and also because he was born on her birthday, is her follower and attendant. And as his parentage is, so also are his fortunes. In the first place he is always poor, and anything but tender and fair, as the many imagine him; and he is rough and squalid, and has no shoes, nor a house to dwell in; on the bare earth exposed he lies under the open heaven, in-the streets, or at the doors of houses, taking his rest; and like his mother he is always in distress.
"Like his father too, whom he also partly resembles, he is always plotting against the fair and good; he is bold, enterprising, strong, a mighty hunter, always weaving some intrigue or other, keen in the pursuit of wisdom, fertile in resources; a philosopher at all times, terrible as an enchanter, sorcerer, sophist. He is by nature neither mortal nor immortal, but alive and flourishing at one moment when he is in plenty, and dead at another moment, and again alive by reason of his father's nature. But that which is always flowing in is always flowing out, and so he is never in want and never in wealth; and, further, he is in a mean between ignorance and knowledge.
"The truth of the matter is this: No god is a philosopher. or seeker after wisdom, for he is wise already; nor does any man who is wise seek after wisdom. Neither do the ignorant seek after Wisdom. For herein is the evil of ignorance, that he who is neither good nor wise is nevertheless satisfied with himself: he has no desire for that of which he feels no want."
"But-who then, Diotima," I said, "are the lovers of wisdom, if they are neither the wise nor the foolish?" "A child may answer that question," she replied; "they are those who are in a mean between the two; Love is one of them. For wisdom is a most beautiful thing, and Love is of the beautiful; and therefore Love is also a philosopher: or lover of wisdom, and being a lover of wisdom is in a mean between the wise and the ignorant. And of this too his birth is the cause;
for his father is wealthy and wise, and his mother poor and foolish. Such, my dear Socrates, is the nature of the spirit Love. The error in your conception of him was very natural, and as I imagine from what you say, has arisen out of a confusion of love and the beloved, which made you think that love was all beautiful. For the beloved is the truly beautiful, and delicate, and perfect, and blessed; but the principle of love is of another nature, and is such as I have described."
I said, "O thou stranger woman, thou sayest well; but, assuming Love to be such as you say, what is the use of him to men?" "That, Socrates," she replied, "I will attempt to unfold: of his nature and birth I have already spoken; and you acknowledge that love is of the beautiful. But some one will say: Of the beautiful in what, Socrates and Diotima?-or rather let me put the question more dearly, and ask: When a man loves the beautiful, what does he desire?" I answered her "That the beautiful
may be his." "Still," she said, "the answer suggests a further question: What is given by the possession of beauty?"
"To what you have asked," I replied, "I have no answer ready." "Then," she said, "Let me put the word 'good' in the place of the beautiful, and repeat the question once more: If he who loves good, what is it then that he loves? "The possession of the good," I said. "And what does he gain who possesses the good?" "Happiness," I replied; "there is less difficulty in answering that question." "Yes," she said, "the happy are made happy by the acquisition of good things. Nor is there any need to ask why a man desires happiness; the answer is already final."
"You are right." I said. "And is this wish and this desire common to all? and do all men always desire their own good, or only some men?-what say you?" "All men," I replied; "the desire is common to all." "Why, then," she rejoined, "are not all men, Socrates, said to love, but only some them? whereas you say that all men are always loving the same things."
"I myself wonder," I said,-why this is." "There is nothing to wonder at," she replied; "the reason is that one part of love is separated off and receives the name of the whole, but the other parts have other names." "Give an illustration," I said. She answered me as follows: "There is poetry, which, as you know, is complex; and manifold. All creation or passage of non-being into being is poetry or making, and the processes of all art are creative; and the masters of arts are all poets or makers." "Very true." "Still," she said, "you know that they are not called poets, but have other names; only that portion of the art which is separated off from the rest, and is concerned with music and metre, is termed poetry, and they who possess poetry in this sense of the word are called poets."
"Very true," I said. "And the same holds of love. For you may say generally that all desire of good and happiness is only the great and subtle power of love; but they who are drawn towards him by any other path, whether the path of money-making or gymnastics or philosophy, are not called lovers -the name of the whole is appropriated to those whose affection takes one form only-they alone are said to love, or to be lovers." "I dare say," I replied, "that you are right."
"Yes," she added, "and you hear people say that lovers are seeking for their other half; but I say that they are seeking neither for the half of themselves, nor for the whole, unless the half or the whole be also a good. And they will cut off their own hands and feet and cast them away, if they are evil; for they love not what is their own, unless perchance there be some one who calls what belongs to him the good, and what belongs to another the evil. For there is nothing which men love but the good. Is there anything?" "Certainly, I should say, that there is nothing."
"Then," she said, "the simple truth is, that men love the good." "Yes," I said. "To which must be added that they love the possession of the good? "Yes, that must be added." "And not only the possession, but the everlasting possession of the good?" "That must be added too." "Then love," she said, "may be described generally as the love of the everlasting possession of the good?" "That is most true."
"Then if this be the nature of love, can you tell me further," she said, "what is the manner of the pursuit? what are they doing who show all this eagerness and heat which is called love? and what is the object which they have in view? Answer me." "Nay, Diotima," I replied, "if I had known, I should not have wondered at your wisdom, neither should I have come to learn from you about this very matter."
"Well," she said, "I will teach you:-The object which they have in view is birth in beauty, whether of body or, soul." "I do not understand you," I said; "the oracle requires an explanation." "I will make my meaning dearer," she replied. "I mean to say, that all men are bringing to the birth in their bodies and in their souls. There is a certain age at which human nature is desirous of procreation - procreation which must be in beauty and not in deformity; and this procreation is the union of man and woman, and is a divine thing; for conception and generation are an immortal principle in the mortal creature, and in the inharmonious they can never be. But the deformed is always unharmonious with the divine, and the beautiful harmonious.
"Beauty, then, is the destiny or goddess of parturition who presides at birth, and therefore, when approaching beauty, the conceiving power is propitious, and diffusive, and benign, and begets and bears fruit: at the sight of ugliness she frowns and contracts and has a sense of pain, and turns away, and shrivels up, and not without a pang refrains from conception. And this is the reason why, when the hour of conception arrives, and the teeming nature is full, there is such a flutter and ecstasy about beauty whose approach is the alleviation of the pain of travail. For love, Socrates, is not, as you imagine, the love of the beautiful only." "What then?" "The love of generation and of birth in beauty." "Yes," I said. "Yes, indeed," she replied. "But why of generation?"
"Because to the mortal creature, generation is a sort of eternity and immortality," she replied; "and if, as has been already admitted, love is of the everlasting possession of the good, all men will necessarily desire immortality together with good: Wherefore love is of immortality."
All this she taught me at various times when she spoke of love. And I remember her once saying to me, "What is the cause, Socrates, of love, and the attendant desire? See you not how all animals, birds, as well as beasts, in their desire of procreation, are in agony when they take the infection of love, which begins with the desire of union; whereto is added the care of offspring, on whose behalf the weakest are ready to battle against the strongest even to the uttermost, and to die for them, and will, let themselves be tormented with hunger or suffer anything in order to maintain their young. Man may be supposed to act thus from reason; but why should animals have these passionate
Again I replied that I did not know. She said to me: "And do you expect ever to become a master in the art of love, if you do not know this?" "But I have told you already, Diotima, that my ignorance is the reason why I come to you; for I am conscious that I want a teacher; tell me then the cause of this and of the other mysteries of love."
"Marvel not," she said, "if you believe that love is of the immortal, as we have several times acknowledged; for here again, and on the same principle too, the mortal nature is seeking as far as is possible to be everlasting and immortal: and this is only to be attained by generation, because generation always leaves behind a new existence in the place of the old. Nay even in the life, of the same individual there is succession and not absolute unity: a man is called the same, and yet in the short interval which elapses between youth and age, and in which every animal is said to have life and identity, he is undergoing a perpetual process of loss and reparation-hair, flesh, bones, blood, and the whole body are always changing. Which is true not only of the body, but also of the soul, whose habits, tempers, opinions, desires, pleasures, pains, fears, never remain the same in any one of us, but are always coming and going; and equally true of knowledge, and what is still more surprising to us mortals, not only do the sciences in general spring up and decay, so that in respect of them we are never the same; but each of them individually experiences a like change.
"For what is implied in the word 'recollection,' but the departure of knowledge, which is ever being forgotten, and is renewed and preserved by recollection, and appears to be the same although in reality new, according to that law of succession by which all mortal things are reserved, not absolutely the same, but by substitution, the old worn-out mortality leaving another new and similar existence behind unlike the divine, which is always the same and not another? And in this way, Socrates, the mortal body, or mortal anything, partakes of immortality; but the immortal in another way. Marvel not then at the love which all men have of their offspring; for that universal love and interest is for the sake of immortality."
I was astonished at her words, and said: "Is this really true, O thou wise Diotima?" And she answered with all the authority of an accomplished sophist: "Of that, Socrates, you may be assured;-think only of the ambition of men, and you will wonder at the senselessness of their
ways, unless you consider how they are stirred by the love of an immortality of fame. They are ready to run all risks greater far than they would have for their children, and to spend money and undergo any sort of toil, and even to die, for the sake of leaving behind them a name which shall be eternal. Do you imagine that Alcestis would have died to save Admetus, or Achilles to avenge Patroclus, or your own Codrus in order to preserve the kingdom for his sons, if they had not imagined that the memory of their virtues, which still survives among us, would be immortal? Nay," she said, "I am persuaded that all men do all things, and the better they are the more they do them, in hope of the glorious fame of immortal virtue; for they desire the immortal.
"Those who are pregnant in the body only, betake themselves to women and beget children-this is the character of their love; their offspring, as they hope, will preserve their memory and giving them the blessedness and immortality which they desire in the future. But souls which are pregnant-for there certainly are men who are more creative in their souls than in their bodies conceive that which is proper for the soul to conceive or contain. And what are these conceptions?-wisdom and virtue in general. And such creators are poets and all artists who are deserving of the name inventor. But the greatest and fairest sort of wisdom by far is that which is concerned with the ordering of states and families, and which is called temperance and justice. And he who in youth has the seed of these implanted in him and is himself inspired, when he comes to maturity desires to beget and generate.
"He wanders about seeking beauty that he may beget offspring-for in deformity he will beget nothing-and naturally embraces the beautiful rather than the deformed body; above all when he finds fair and noble and well-nurtured soul, he embraces the two in one person, and to such an one he is full of speech about virtue and the nature and pursuits of a good man; and he tries to educate him; and at the touch of the beautiful which is ever present to his memory, even when absent, he brings forth that which he had conceived long before, and in company with him tends that which he brings forth; and they are married by a far nearer tie and have a closer friendship than those who beget mortal children, for the children who are their common offspring are fairer and more immortal.
"Who, when he thinks of Homer and Hesiod and other great poets, would not rather have their children than ordinary human ones? Who would not emulate them in the creation of children
such as theirs, which have preserved their memory and given them everlasting glory? Or who would not have such children as Lycurgus left behind him to be the saviours, not only of Lacedaemon, but of Hellas, as one may say? There is Solon, too, who is the revered father of Athenian laws; and many others there are in many other places, both among hellenes and barbarians, who have given to the world many noble works, and have been the parents of virtue of every kind; and many temples have been raised in their honour for the sake of children such as theirs; which were never raised in honour of any one, for the sake of his mortal children.
"These are the lesser mysteries of love, into which even you, Socrates, may enter; to the greater and more hidden ones which are the crown of these, and to which, if you pursue them in a right spirit, they will lead, I know not whether you will be able to attain. But I will do my utmost to inform you, and do you follow if you can. For he who would proceed aright in this matter should begin in youth to visit beautiful forms; and first, if he be guided by his instructor aright, to love one such form only-out of that he should create fair thoughts; and soon he will of himself perceive that the beauty of one form is akin to the beauty of another; and then if beauty of form in general
is his pursuit, how foolish would he be not to recognize that the beauty in every form is and the same! And when he perceives this he will abate his violent love of the one, which he will despise and deem a small thing, and will become a lover of all beautiful forms; in the next stage he will consider that the beauty of the mind is more honourable than the beauty of the outward form.
"So that if a virtuous soul have but a little comeliness, he will be content to love and tend him, and will search out and bring to the birth thoughts which may improve the young, until he is compelled to contemplate and see the beauty of institutions and laws, and to understand that the beauty of them all is of one family, and that personal beauty is a trifle; and after laws and institutions he will go on to the sciences, that he may see their beauty, being not like a servant in love with the beauty of one youth or man or institution, himself a slave mean and narrow-minded, but drawing towards and contemplating the vast sea of beauty, he will create many fair and noble thoughts and notions in boundless love of wisdom; until on that shore he grows and waxes strong, and at last the vision is revealed to him of a single science, which is the science of beauty everywhere. To this I will proceed; please to give me your very best attention:
"He who has been instructed thus far in the things of love, and who has learned to see the beautiful in due order and succession, when he comes toward the end will suddenly perceive a nature of wondrous beauty (and this, Socrates, is the final cause of all our former toils)-a nature which in the first place is everlasting, not growing and decaying, or waxing and waning; secondly, not fair in one point of view and foul in another, or at one time or in one relation or at one place fair, at another time or in another relation or at another place foul, as if fair to some and-foul to others, or in the likeness of a face or hands or any other part of the bodily frame, or in any form of speech or knowledge, or existing in any other being, as for example, in an animal, or in heaven or in earth, or in any other place; but beauty absolute, separate, simple, and everlasting, which without diminution and without increase, or any change, is imparted to the ever-growing and perishing beauties of all other things.
"He who from these ascending under the influence of true love, begins to perceive that beauty, is not far from the end. And the true order of going, or being led by another, to the things of love, is to begin from the beauties of earth and mount upwards for the sake of that other beauty, using these as steps only, and from one going on to two, and from two to all fair forms, and from fair forms to fair practices, and from fair practices to fair notions, until from fair notions he arrives at the notion of absolute beauty, and at last knows what the essence of beauty is.
"This, my dear Socrates," said the stranger of Mantineia, "is that life above all others which man should live, in the contemplation of beauty absolute; a beauty which if you once beheld, you would see not to be after the measure of gold, and garments, and fair boys and youths, whose presence now entrances you; and you and many a one would be content to live seeing them only and conversing with them without meat or drink, if that were possible-you only want to look at them and to be with them. But what if man had eyes to see the true beauty-the divine beauty, I mean, pure and dear and unalloyed, not clogged with the pollutions of mortality and all the colours and vanities of human life-thither looking, and holding converse with the true beauty simple and divine? Remember how in that communion only, beholding beauty with the eye of the mind, he will be enabled to bring forth, not images of beauty, but realities (for he has hold not of an image but of a reality), and bringing forth and nourishing true virtue to become the friend of God and be immortal, if mortal man may. Would that be an ignoble life?"
Rebuilt West Country Class 4-6-2 34046 Braunton and its support coach pass Baulking on 30 June 2014, running as the 5Z30 10:20 Southall Loco Services Ltd to Bristol Barton Hill. Note the correct light engine headcode disc.
Season 3, Episode 26. In the very first session of a 3-part series, entitled Parenting On Purpose, we're beginning by talking about the need for us to create boundaries for ourselves as parents first and foremost.
Season 3, Episode 25. In this episode we discuss the 7 critical battles adoptive and foster parents must fight in order to win the war for the heart of their children.
Season 3, Episode 24. In this episode we're talking about how our stories as foster and adoptive parents can show the world hope.
Season 3, Episode 23. In this episode we're talking about finding hope even when everything you see and experience around you seems hopeless.
The Gator Tough™ 17’ Center Console provides a superior choice for the angler without boundaries; right-sized for river or lake, the superior hull design, with 10 degree deadrise and shallow V entry line, creates a quick time to plane and a smooth, fuel-efficient ride. It all adds up to more performance, with less horsepower.
Welded, .100 gauge hull ♦ Painted ♦ Galvanized tubular steel Trail Guard® trailer with locking detachable tongue, space saving and security ♦ 13” radial tires
While we attempt to ensure display of current and accurate data, this listing may not reflect the most recent transactions or may reflect occasional data entry errors. All inventory listed is subject to availability and prior sale. Please consult dealership personnel for details. Prices are quoted for the US only and may not include dealer preparation, transportation, taxes, or other applicable charges. Photographs may be representative only and may vary somewhat from the actual items offered for sale.
The apprentice ambassadors have been planning an Apprentice Roadshow and Graduation Ceremony for Friday 13 March 2015, during National Apprenticeship Week.
The Roadshow is for all apprentices at Brighton & Hove City Council, offering the opportunity to network, listen to guest speakers and join in group activities.
We welcome the future innovators of Rensselaer to The Approach! Above, many of the freshman class take that timeless walk down the steps of our namesake just hours before they dove into thier first classes.
We look forward to their coming achievements and of course seeing some of their smiling mugs on future Approach posts.
Professor Ravi Kane provided some excellent insight during their convocation several nights after their stroll that it seems fit to share with all Rensselaer researchers both budding and fully-entrenched: “As you sit here in Troy, the supposed home of Uncle Sam, just remember: Uncle Sam actually does need you.”
Arvind Lexicon comes in many Editions, from the Free Edition which has only a small subset of words, through the Professional Edition to the Library Edition which is very comprehensive.
Words are grouped according to natural association into Headings and further into Entries for each heading
Click on any Heading to load Entries classfied under that Heading. The first Entry is automatically selected.
Shortcut Key: Alt + Shift + B. Internet Explorer Users need to hit the Enter key after the link is focussed.
– Allowed to help my website, in this time I’ll provide you with with regards to bon secours wellness arena seating chart
Why don’t you consider photograph earlier mentioned? is usually that will remarkable???. if you believe thus, I’l l show you many picture once more below:
), click save icon to download these shots in your computer. These are available for down load, if you’d rather and wish to grab it, click save logo in the post, and it’ll be directly downloaded to your laptop computer. At last in order to find unique and the recent picture related to (Bon Secours Wellness arena Seating Chart
), please follow us on google plus or save this site, we try our best to give you daily update with fresh and new photos. Hope you love staying here. For many upgrades and latest information about (Bon Secours Wellness arena Seating Chart
) photos, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We try to present you update periodically with fresh and new photos, enjoy your searching, and find the perfect for you.
) published by at . Today we’re delighted to announce we have discovered an incrediblyinteresting topicto be pointed out, namely (Bon Secours Wellness arena Seating Chart
A couple of people have responded to me, but it's not clear that the geography and geometry is obvious to everyone.
>From all I've read, the maximum distance anyone has worked AO-27 is about 3300 miles. This distance is limited by the altitude of the satellite. (My calculation of the AO-27 footprint diameter at apogee is 3775 miles, but that would imply a zero-duration window with a satellite at the exact midpoint. 3300 miles seems reasonable to allow time for a short QSO.)
Guam is about 3800 miles WSW of Honolulu, so even that path is not possible, let alone anything on North America. Possibilities within a 3000 mile range appear to be places like Japan, China, Taiwan, Philippines, maybe Australia, etc.
Men's/Women's LoweredMyPrice***Clark’s Ladies Slide Sandals 7m for you to choose New in stock Different styles
Chicago Bears rookie quarterback Mitchell Trubisky tried on Wednesday to pump the brakes on the continued hysteria surrounding his preseason debut.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Trubisky said of Mitch Mania. “I don’t pay attention to it.”
For the most part, Danny Trevathan JerseysTrubisky said he successfully stayed in the bunker as Chicago reveled in his performance (18-of-25 for 166 yards and one touchdown) last Thursday at Soldier Field.“A couple more people texted me after the game -- family congratulating me,” Trubisky said. “I think it’s just a small step in the right direction. I’ve still got a lot of work to do. I was pleased with how I played, but plenty more mistakes are going on during practice for me that I need to work on and continue to improve in my game and make sure when I go out there that I’m doing my job to help other people do their job.
“I think it just showed me that I’m making progress, Walter Payton Jerseysthat I could go out there and lead and do my job like I wanted to show. But it was just a small sample. It was the first game, and you’ve just got to continue to be consistent in reproducing it. That’s why we’re out here working and practicing.”
Practice is where Trubisky can identify the majority of his flaws. Trubisky had no trouble with the vanilla scheme of Denver's second-string defense last week. But on the practice field, Trubisky often is shown looks he’s never seen before.
“[At practice], Kevin White JerseysI’ve been taking the wrong drop a couple times, Jordan Howard Jerseys[and I’m working on] getting the correct Mike [linebacker call] down so we have it blocked correctly,” Trubisky said. “[I’m working on] just being more efficient. The game was actually pretty clean; it’s more in practice.”
Saturday's game against the Cardinals is an even bigger test for Trubisky, who is expected to play sometime after the Bears pull starter Mike Glennon.
Arizona coach Bruce Arians won’t be bashful about showing stuff in the preseason. Alshon Jeffery JerseysDon’t be surprised to see the Cardinals go after Trubisky, who’s working on blitz recognition in practice but didn’t face much extra pressure in the Broncos game.
Check it out for yourself! You can gather 10 Seat Dining Table And Chairs guide and look the latest 10 seat dining tables for big and friendly gatherings in here.
Kitchen islands with cabinets can be really good purchases for any kinds of houses. It doesn’t really matter whether your place is small or big. People who own different size apartments and houses tend to buy kitchen islands with cabinets where they can put all the kitchen and dining utensils. There loads of kitchen island sales! Search all the furniture […]
Center islands for kitchens and dining rooms tend to be incredibly popular today. Do as you will, of course… But use our tips and get such tables! You’ll never regret! Kitchen tables can be bought everywhere. That’s not a big problem to surf the Internet to find out what stores sell the tables! I cannot help telling you that purchasing […]
Kitchen islands with granite tops are the most discussed pieces of furniture on Houzz.com. And that’s not hard to understand why! They look so special, expensive and elegant… They are incredibly chic! Every comment under the pictures of kitchen islands with granite countertops contains such a phrase: “I love granite!”. Most of granite islands with granite tops and bar stools […]
Here you will find all ladies named Alla. These links to ladies named Alla are in order by profile id numbers. For a complete guide of all women please click here, The ladies are sorted by the most popular names first in descending order.
Here you will find all ladies named Juliya. These links to ladies named Juliya are in order by profile id numbers. For a complete guide of all women please click here, The ladies are sorted by the most popular names first in descending order.
We have all seen pleas on late night television for Third World sponsorship programs. Some of us respond, some of us turn the channel and some of us block the images from our mind.
The question is, do we care? Do we really want to make a difference? Do we realize that if we change the world of a child we change the world  for the children of today are the leaders of tomorrow.
Like other sponsorship programs, Americans for African Adoptions, Inc. (AFAA) has seen the tremendous needs and has created a program, in our case, for hungry African children. The AFAA program is a little different.
Our size gives us more control over what we do and who receives help. The small AFAA programs may seem like a drop in the bucket when compared to a large organization but they are certainly important to the child holding the bucket.
Becoming a monthly sponsor of an "African Angel" will guarantee that the child, or the people they live with, will receive 100% of your sponsorship. The funds will be used to feed, clothe and educate the child you sponsor.
AFAA does not take any sponsorship money for expenses  we absorb them. We work with people in Ethiopia, Uganda, Mali, Liberia and Nigeria whom we know and whom we trust.
Where you will see the difference in the AFAA program is that you will not receive any brochures (four-color or even black and white). At some point you should receive a photo of the child you sponsor and we may be able to establish a letter exchange program with Ugandan orphans who read and write English.
Sponsorship is $35 a month for one child, or $100 a year for education, for one child. You can send one total check, one check a month, one check to cover three, six, or twelve months, or as many post-dated checks as you like and we will deposit them at the first of the month, or you can donate through PayPal.
You will not receive a coupon book or a monthly reminder. We anticipate that if you, your family, church or youth group, etc., sets up a sponsorship you are committed and will follow through. You are helping to save a child's life and the responsibility of follow through is in your hands, and in your hearts. You may select a child from Ethiopia, Uganda, Liberia, Mali or Nigeria.
"Africa's Angels" and Americans for African Adoptions, Inc. are waiting to hear from you! Please help!
Faith Renee Evans is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, occasional actress and author. She was born on June 10, 1973 in Florida and raised in New Jersey. Her mother Helene Evans, an African-American was a professional singer and her father Richard Swain, a Caucasian was a musician and left before Faith Evans was born.
Faith Evans attended Fordham University in New York City to study marketing but left a year later to have daughter Chyna with music producer Kiyamma Griffin.
Faith Evans is the widow of New York rapper Christopher Wallace popularly known by his stage name The Notorious B.I.G., whom she married on August 4, 1994. the couple had one child together, Christopher Wallace, Jr., born October, 29, 1996.
Faith Evans married a record company executive Todd Russaw in 1998. Faith Evans and Todd Russaw have 2 children together. They had their first son Joshua on June 8, 1998 and their second son Ryder Evan Russaw on March 22, 2007.
In May 2011, Faith Evans and Russaw announced they were getting a divorce and stated they would like to keep it quiet for the children's sake.
Faith Evans with her children, Chyna (First left), Joshua Russaw (second left) and Christopher Wallace Jr. (First right)
Faith Evans with her children, Chyna (Second right), Joshua Russaw (first right) and Christopher Wallace Jr. (First left)
Beyonce Giselle Knowles - Carter popularly known as Beyonce is an American singer, songwriter and actress. She was born on Se...
Jackie Appiah is a Ghanaian actress. She was born on 5th December, 1983 in Canada but moved back to Ghana along with her pa...
Samuel Eto'o is a Cameroonian footballer. He was born on 10 March 1981 in Douala, Cameroon. Samuel Eto'o has two brothe...
Zinedine Yazid Zidane nicknamed "Zizou" is an assistant coach and sporting director at Real Madrid, and a retired foo...
Meagan Good is an American film and television actress and occasional film producer. She was born on August 8, 1981 in Panorama Cit...
Wema Sepetu is a Tanzanian actress and beauty contestant who won Miss Tanzania contest in 2006. She represented Tanzania in Miss wo...
Leleti Khumalo is a Zulu South African actress. She is famous for her leading role in the movie and stage play 'Saraf...
Diana Ross is an American singer, actress and record producer. She was born on March 26, 1944 in Detroit, Michigan. She is th...
Whitney Elizabeth Houston was an American singer and actress. She was born on August 9, 1963 in Newark, New Jersey, USA. She wa...
Frank Artus is a Liberian actor currently residing in Ghana. He was born in Montserrado County, Liberia on 4th May 1979...
The Acer has produced many models of notebooks, including the most popular, there are certainly those series Acer Aspire, thanks to its very competitive price. I have a registered copy of Driver Manager (Driver Detective) but it can't help me. Also is there anything else I need? The original system was Vista 32bit, so I. Did you Know? You can download Acer Software to detect your hardware and choose the right drivers. Did you Know Driver (16). Date: Version: Vendor: Size .
Driver Detective was created to save you time and remove any guesswork in resolving driver problems by providing you with a single, Driver Detective is a software program developed by PC Drivers HeadQuarters. . Acer, %. Toshiba. Download the latest ACER UK Device Drivers for Laptops and Computers. Update your device in just a few minutes! Windows XP, 7, 8 & With Driver Detective you will not have to worry about searching online for the Drivers UK, Dell Drivers UK, Acer Drivers UK, Asus, HP Drivers, Alienware.
Driver Detective supports almost all popular manufacturers such as Acer, Asus, Dell, IBM, HP, Intel, NVIDIA, ATI and Canon etc. These windows drivers work for. Free Driver Download - Official Acer Drivers. Automatic scan and update drivers. Driver Easy provides you safety Offline Scan for computers which has not internet access. Driver Easy lets you save a driver analysis file on a computer without. Im looking for something that can find and download drivers,something professional price is no object but it must find drivers for new machines. it's scamware, directed at noobs. 9 times out of ten it installs the wrong drivers. causing even more problems. leave it alone. just go to the Acer.
Pedestrian Safety and Access Task Force - Crosswalk Education/Outreach/Enforcement/Law Subcommittee (inactive)
To advise City Parks & Recreation Services Unit, the City Park Advisory Commission and City Council regarding the continued operation of the Skatepark.
(g) Fundraising to support additional approved amenities, programs, and improvements at the Skatepark.
(h) Developing a robust volunteer base to assist the City with the maintenance and operations of the Skatepark, along with developing set volunteer work days where volunteers will work under the general supervision of the City.
traffic pacific strong wood floor finish anti,million beach house is most expensive listing , traffic vs whats the difference, pacific strong floor wood finish, floor boxes custom finishes, floor finish to pacific strong wood,epoxy coatings for waterproofing ,beautiful pacific strong floor finish home furniture and wallpaper , types grades of hardwood flooring,reclaimed wood species distinguished boards beams .
Kate Sullivan is well aware that a “big job” lies ahead for her in the campaign for Nebraska’s 41st District legislative seat.
Jacob Meyer of Albion, seventh grader at Boone Central Middle School, won first place in the 2008 Boone County Spelling Bee last Wednesday, Feb. 13, at the...
Boone County Democrats favored Barack Obama by a wide margin in their first ever Democratic Caucus held Saturday afternoon, Feb. 9, in the St. Edward Public...
In a new series to 2Bit Sports, we take a quick look back at the previous game week and pick out some of the key...
So the transfer window has officially closed for another summer and there have been some major moves especially on Merseyside! Liverpool have really set out...
It’s the news that most Liverpool fans expected, but wished they wouldn’t hear. After months of speculation a deal has been agreed to sell Philippe...
I think we can all agree that the Spurs-Hoodoo myth is completely bust! After picking up the first win last week in a rather unconvincing...
Liverpool 0-0 Manchester United Lets not beat around the bush, that was disgraceful. That Liverpool team were there for the taking but Jose didn’t play...
Saturday Morning Early Game We kicked off this game week with Manchester City’s visit to the Vitality Stadium to face Bournemouth. Many (including myself) expected...
Another week, another torturous week for Fantasy Football owners! How did you far out this week? Have you blown your load on the Wildcard yet?...
Saturday Morning Early Game Week 2 of the Premier League kicked off as the previous week ended with Man United walking their way to 4-0...
Week 2 has come and even though my beloved Spurs put on a typical Spursy performance there was still some great football on display! TOTW...
Fantasy Football Tips – Week 2 Week 2 brings it’s own challenge this week as we have our first big clash – Spurs v Chelsea...
Summary: Do you want enjoy the 3D AVI movies at home? 3D AVI movies now gain a lot of people's attention to watch maybe someone at home when you have some 3D media player and 3D equipments like 3D glasses. To get a 3D AVI converter, Then you home will become a cinema and get a vivid.
The earliest confirmed 3D film shown to an out-of-house audience was The Power of Love, which premiered at the Ambassador Hotel Theater in Los Angeles on 27 September 1922.
3D films are not limited to feature film theatrical releases; television broadcasts and direct-to-video films have also incorporated similar methods, especially since the advent of 3D television and 3D movies. If we want to Create 3D AVI movies with easily, that a great video conversion tool to convert all homemade 2D movies to 3D AVI is need.
Want to enjoy your 2D video like a 3D movies? Next the tutoria will recommend you a great video conversion tool to convert all homemade 2D movies to 3D AVI. You can enjoy the 3D AVI movies at home and real visual entertainment. The recommended tool has superb fast conversion speed, loss-less output quality and is very easy to use.
Directly drag your 2D common videos then drop to the 3D AVI converter or click the "Add Files" menu to add video folders for locating the video files in the whole folder at one time. The program support batch conversion which enables you to convert several 2D videos to 3D AVI files on the go.
Since you need some 3D AVI files, here you can select AVI. If you happen to have Anaglyph red-cyan 3D glasses, no special device or software media player need and choose other formats. if your 3D display uses Eclipse method or other 3D technologies.
Click "Convert" and let the Pavtube Video Converter Ultimate accomplish the rest automatically. Now, equip your 3D glasses and import these converted 3D AVI files into your player and start your theatric 3D experience at home! BTW, you can also upload these files to your YouTube 3D page for sharing.
Not everyone like expensive Blu-ray/DVD? Neither everyone feel like going to the cinema to watch every new flick. More and more people tend...
Many people like 3D movie as it will bring you a totally different experience of watch movies. Nowadays more and more movies begin to take ...
1. KICKASSTORRENTS KickassTorrents was founded in 2009 and surpassed The Pirate Bay in traffic last year. Battling various censorship effo...
If you have some 3D DVD movies (in SBS format) and a pairs of Red-Cyan 3D Anaglyph glasses, how do you enjoy 3D movies? With a stereoscopic...
DVD playback will never be limited in DVD Drive and professional DVD Player. There are many people watching their DVD movies on TV, PC, Tab...
Sammary: In this guide, we will show you how to play AVI files on Sharp TV via USB/External drive,playing the movie on to your computer if ...
Virtual Reality is getting more and more prevalent so cheaper VR Headset than the most popular Samsung Gear VR mushrooms, like Freely VR. M...
If you are the lucky ones who have tried these Rift CV1 on macOS Sierra/El Capitan, both in versions for the Rift CV1 to the recent macOS Sierra/El Capitan as well as 3D MKV movies to Rift CV1, sure you’ve fallen in love with the virtual reality with its endless possibilities. They open when live experiences, enjoy the games from completely new perspectives and, of course, when it comes to watching 3D MKV movies in the famous film that comes standard with the glasses. On the other hand, just like other devices, Rift CV1 users are also likely to experience various technical problems, especially when playing 3D MKV videos 3D effects. One of the common problems you might often experience is "Audio missed" or "Unsupported errors". If you don't have any idea of how to fix these problems, just read on for details.
A very common problem macOS Sierra/El Capitan users ave is playing 3D MKV movies. When you Mac tried to open 3D MKV files on Mac to Rift CV1, you'll commonly receive an error message along the lines of this is not a movie file. Actually, Rift CV1 doesn't support the MKV or HD MKV files natively. This gets really annoying if you come across a 3D MKV file and want to watch it on your Mac. Fortunately, there are a lot of options to help you play an 3D MKV file in the macOS Sierra/El Capitan.
In fact, 3D MKV files in 3D SBS(Side-by-Side) work on Rift CV1, but the audio has to be encoded in AAC or MP3 for stereo. AC3 and DTS were removed because of high licensing costs. You can either wait till a developer brings a Rift CV1 VR player which supports also custom codecs or you can convert your video files to ACC audio or root your phone and add codecs for AC3/DTS. However, the easy and effective solution is to re-encode your 3D MKV files to Rift CV1 more compatible format to get them play nicely. Pavtube ByteCopy for Mac is the bee's knees, which can help you easily solve the 3D MKV and Rift CV1 no sound problem.
Overall, the program is a professional 3D MKV Video Converter, which comparatively has better output quality, in particular HD videos and intuitive interface. With it, you can fast convert MKV to Rift CV1 supported file type like MP4, MKV in .mp3, .aac audio. Best of all, this software allows you to convert 3D MKV to 3D videos such as MKV Top-bottom 3D Video, MP4 Top-bottom 3D Video, MP4 Side-by-Side 3D video (See The Differences Between SBS 3D, Anaglyph 3D and Top/Bottom 3D ) , which can be played on Rift CV1 perfectly. If you are Windows users, please turn to Pavtube ByteCopy for Windows. Now, we will give a detailed guide on the whole process from converting 3D MKV to Rift CV1 supported video.
You can either click "Add" button to import MKV files you want to upload to YoubTube. Also you can directly drag and drop the files into this program.
Click "Profile" and find "3D Video". there are a lot of format options for you. Here you can recommended to select MP4-3D or MKV-3D as the output format.
Click Settings button to adjust video/audio parameters like video resolution, bitrate, audio codec, audio channel. According to my experience, anything over 720p does nothing but turn battery energy into heat, due to the screen resolution.
To watch your 3D MKV movies on Rift CV1, however, there is an additional step, and it's not entirely straightforward.
The following will allow for perfect 3D playback of videos set up in a SBS format. SBS format means the left and right video channels are contained within the same file and appears as a near-mirror image when played back using a standard media player. To view your SBS 3D video files on your Rift CV1, follow these steps:
Once you have created your 3D MKV movies and imported compatible video files, insert your MicroSD card into your phone (if it isn't already), slide the phone in your Rift CV1, and put the virtual reality headset on your head. Then:
3. Select the 3D video you wish to view (if you followed the above steps it should have a "3D" label in the upper righthand corner)
Delete all profiles with no picture out of your listing of potential matches straight away. By no means include a scripted set of speed courting questions, but feel free to memorise a few in case dialog dries up. Remember to talk as much as you hear and make sure the conversation is balanced. I’m an attractive, fifty one yr. old, and have been dating a 51 yr old single dad of a 5 yr old son.
Whereas I’ve only been on the web courting scene for three months now, I’m already nearing the suspicion that unless you’ve gotten a sex first, maybe relationship later and/or a generic character, you are not going to get anyplace. The truth is, I found that most of the ladies I used to be very drawn to felt one thing for me as effectively.
Spending time with somebody you might discover enticing, it’s not a job interview simply something nice to do in your free time once you’re single. Many males shy away from single mothers as a result of they don’t need to deal with the challenges of kids.
As former mannequin, I look rather a lot younger than my age so I notice guys all in favour of my appears to be like not me & I need love not someone into simply appears to be like. For the clever observer it turns into shortly clear that women like men very much. The Asian Single Solution was launched in 2002 and we have now over 25000 montly users.
Going out with someone is sometimes called a courting recreation, but it shouldn’t always be perceived as a recreation. My daughters asked me last weekend if Daddy was dating ladies, to which I out of the blue realised the final time I met women in a dating scenario!!
Try to be distinctive and say one thing about your self that cannot be discovered on ninety nine.9% of all on-line dating profiles! It actually disapointed me once we discovered that my mother had been relationship and stored it a secret from us. My dad knew, but I used to be very angry!
There surely are a lot of determined, crazy, zany, enjoyable people on the market within the web courting world. Regardless of body kind, girls like guys who keep excessive levels of personal hygiene. Men do this too, they go for the hotties and complain they don’t get responses.
Archives Select Month September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016
You will not see this text if your browser supports IFRAME. If you CAN see this, you are in a bad way.
Helloooo. Your blog is very nice. I liked it. I have very interesting blogs. You should visit and follow my blogs. Thanks.
Honey is produce by bee using special substance that bee's own to covert plant sugar into honey that useful for our health.
How to cultivate bee? This question of course become the key on how to cultivate bee because bee is not keep in the cage like birds but bees still can fly to everywhere to find out flower to take the nectar and take honey from many flowers or from certain flower.
Apis mellifera is a special bee that can be cultivated and breed fast and not run away from the cage. This character needed to be an animal cultivated, because will no use if everything is gone. This bee easy to farm and control. This bee easy to adapt to many flower season, because in many country there are several season and ofcourse there several kind of flower will bloom in certain month.
There are many kind of honey because there are many kind of bloom season of certain flower. Special in Indonesia there are rambutan flower so that the honey will name by rambutan honey and there are manggo flower so that will result manggo honey, klengkeng honey and many other kind of honey and some time have different taste and benefi…
You have known that honey is always sell in supermarket and other small shop center. But do you know if you buy really real honey that come from the real source. Honey is taken from the bee nest. Bee to produce honey are may differ from one honey with others. But all honey is taken from the bee nest. The below picture all are bee nest, but not all bee nest produce honey.
Honey has two meaning in general, honey sometime used to called for their people they love, but honey on this blog tittle is honey that produce from bee, from plant and may from other source. Honey from bee is produce by bee that accumulate from plant that exert their substance from their plant body usually from their flower.
Honey have many kind, this depend on the kind of bee itself, certain bee is collected honey from certain plant while other bee more prefer to collect honey from other kind of plant, so this why the kind of honey is different of every kind of bee. Basically bee have …
A cancer hospital in New Zealand is importing Manuka Honey to test the healing power to the patient. The doctor turned to Manuka Honey to treat mouth and throat cancer patient after surgery. The powerful of honey have been revered by ancient Greeks and Egyptians as a powerful medicinal agent and used to help heal burns and sores.
Scientist believe the healing properties of Manuka honey because the presence of glucose oxydase enzyme, which produce hydrogen peroxide as an antiseptic and high sugar concentration, which inhibits of bacterial growth.
Some patient may resistant to antibiotics, so about 60 patients at Christie hospital an international leader in cancer research and development are taking part on the study to see if honey can prevent infection.
Over the last 15 years, survival rates for throat and mouth cancer patients have improved because of the effective combination of chemotherapy and radiotherapy. But side effect of using this kind medication like mucositis is performe…
Honeycombs structure are very interesting, it realy arrange in good arrange. Look to honeycomb type that build by many kind of bees:
Manuka honey is a single kind of flower honey, the science said this is monofloral honey. This kind of honey can find in New Zealand and Australia from the nectar of the Manuka tree. Manuka honey is produced by introduced honey bees feeding on the manuka or tea tree, which grows uncultivated throughout New Zealand and Southeeastern Australia.
Manuka honey has high viscosity compare among studied honeys. This property of Manuka honey due to the presence of a protein or colloid and is its main visually defining character, along with its typical dark cream to dark brown color.
Manuka honey believe and used since ancient times to treat multiple condition, and as the finding of science research that pure honey has natural antibacterial qualities. Honey can stimulates production of cells that can repair tissue damaged by infection. Honey also has an anti inflammatory action that can quickly reduce pain and inflammation once it is applied.
Bee Apis dorsata forest, sometimes called Giant bee is one prolific in producing honey. They nest in tall trees. The distribution area covers bee Apis dorsata Sumatra, Java, Kalimantan, Sulawesi and Nusa Tenggara.
For addicts of honey should be to visit Buton, Southeast Sulawesi. Unlike the usual honey may you drink, do not try this honey drink immediately. Because, as mentioned by some traders in Buton, forest honey is very hard, if it be drunk directly can damage the intestine. So, if you want to drink, honey should be mixed with water first.
The wild honey make their nest in ironwood. Wood with very dark brown color and tend golden. Sweet aroma when the lid burst open container of honey bottles. Other kind of honey come from bity wood, the color more dark like oil. Local residents said that forest honey is very good consumed to maintain stamina, cold medicines, and keep digestion.
You want to keep honey bee to produce honey, you must use bee keeping equipment that usually use for. There are professional people to produce this, and not too expensive. One new hive with honey bees and basic equipment cost about US$ 150. You need the following equipment:
Bee hive Bottom board from wood to stand the hive rest. Frame and foundation, a wooden frames hold the sheets of beeswax. Hive body of brood chamber, large wooden box that hold 10 frames of comb. Queen excluder, a spacer between the brood nest and honey supers. Honey supers, shallow supers with franes of comb Inner cover, prevent bees from attaching comb to outer cover and provide insulating dead air space Outer cover, provide weather protection Smoker, for working with bee Veil and Gloves Feeders, hold sugar syrup for bees feed
bee farming bee therapy forest honey honey as medicine honey function Honeycomb keeping honey bee pure honey quality Source of Honey
March 20, 201348 minutes As we were getting ready for a reverse bus today, Phoenix & Ava went for a little joy ride that lasted no more than 5 minutes! They tried to just take the bus themselves and hit South Beach & get fucked but we were not going to miss this so we stopped them before they could leave. Anyway we make our way to the beach and land a couple of potential dudes but for some reason, I think the 2 of them together can be a little bit intimidating. A lot of the dudes couldn't perform and we had this one dude so full of himself we tricked him into getting out of the bus naked and just peeled off! The girls seemed to have a blast so check out the full video and hopefully one day when you're on the beach you might just get lucky..
Fine *A$$* Amy Reid Will Rock Your World Uploaded to Bangbus on August 4, 2010 46,033 views and 127 likes
Lily Love's amazing tits on the bangbus! Uploaded to Bangbus on October 30, 2013 144,969 views and 383 likes
Jada Stevens Bangs Random Guys! Uploaded to Bangbus on September 10, 2014 117,766 views and 299 likes
Veronica Rodriguez In Miami, Horny For Cock! Uploaded to Bangbus on March 19, 2014 116,846 views and 254 likes
Rebecca Linares Rocking Out W/Her tits Out! Uploaded to Bangbus on March 23, 2011 99,184 views and 215 likes
Shoes Walking Beach Clogs Outdoor Garden Shower Slip SEVENWELL Men's Summer Sandals on Massage Red qtvf77
Milk**, sugar, cocoa butter, cocoa mass, vegetable fats (palm, shea), emulsifiers (E442, E476), flavourings.
Boot Brown Roughstock Men's Heritage Ariat Ashes Brooklyn Western Velvet Women Anti Indoor Red House 3 Slip Embroidered Winter Bow Shoes Slippers 66nwq0Hx
Before Malcolm McLean, the shipping and logistics world was a different place. Tired of how much time it took to load and unload shipments, Malcolm McLean needed a more efficient system. He wanted a better way to ship his client’s cargo. His idea to create an intermodal shipping container offered the solution that he and his clients desperately needed. Imagining how his business would transform the transportation industry, Malcolm got to work. Continue reading…
At Langham Logistics, we are always investing in better ways to get your packages from point A to point B faster and safer. Emerging technology, business growth, and changing customer needs have improved the landscape for many businesses. We opened in Park 100 twenty-seven years ago, and we built our 300,000 sq. ft. facility in 2000. Recently, we have expanded into Plainfield with a 240,000 sq. ft. warehousing facility. Continue reading…
In the fast-paced, global economy of today, prompt and reliable shipping is more important than ever for businesses. No matter where you plan on shipping, consumers and business partners expect delivery more quickly.
The Midwest is one of the most important logistics corridors in the country. It’s also home to hundreds of professional third-party logistics (3PL) service providers that are strategically located to create strong anchors in nationwide warehousing and distribution networks. One particular state in the Midwest, Indiana, also known as the Crossroads of America, is the hub for more interstate highways than any other state. This creates significant advantages for logistics & distribution operations in Indiana. Continue reading…
INDIANAPOLIS– Langham Logistics, an Indianapolis 3PL and freight management company announced the appointment of a new member to their advisory board: Robert Palmer, former Vice President and General Manager of FedEx. Continue reading…
2015 has been another great year at Langham Logistics. We celebrated our 27th year in business and have added new team members that genuinely love our clients just as much as the rest of us. We’ve won awards, appointed new board members, expanded our warehouse operations, given thousands to charity, and much, much more. Continue reading…
In today’s fast-paced global economy, direct and immediate freight shipping is more important than it’s ever been. This is especially important at this time of year when retailers and shippers alike are in the throws of year-end and the holiday season. With about a week left until Black Friday, businesses need to be sure that they’ve adequately addressed any inefficiencies in their supply chain. Continue reading…
INDIANAPOLIS–Langham Logistics, an Indianapolis leader in freight transportation management, announced two new additions to their sales team, Bob Keeler and Don Bybee. Both will be taking on the role of business development sales managers to grow and support new and existing customer accounts.
INDIANAPOLIS– Langham Logistics, an Indianapolis-based 3PL and freight management company, is expanding their warehousing operations by adding another building to their growing business.
" border=0>", "Duyuru!", "width=630px,height=880px,left=100px,top=50px,resize=0,scrolling=0", "recal") //var inlinewin=dhtmlwindow.open("broadcastbox", "inline", " ", "Üyelerimize önemle duyurulur!", "width=820px,height=530px,left=100px,top=50px,resize=0,scrolling=0", "recal") //var inlinewin=dhtmlwindow.open("broadcastbox", "inline", " ", "Elazığ TSO", "width=800px,height=400px,left=100px,top=50px,resize=0,scrolling=0", "recal") //var inlinewin=dhtmlwindow.open("broadcastbox", "inline", " ", "Elazığ TSO", "width=400px,height=457px,left=100px,top=50px,resize=0,scrolling=0", "recal") //var inlinewin=dhtmlwindow.open("broadcastbox", "inline", "
365 Little Blasts of Love can be described as a daily devotional for the mind, body, and soul that’ll transform your reality instantly. Using spiritual principles, energy tips and tricks and mindfulness you are given practical ways to radically shift your thoughts, words, energy, relationships, life and more.
An affirmation for every day of the year provides you the guidance and wisdom you need to retrain your brain, strengthen your spirit and consciously create your life experiences into ones that positively serve you best. Prepare for deep wisdom, authentic writing, curse words and some laughs!
Think of this book as your daily go-to for sassy, wise, uncensored, quick-witted, life-changing and applicable quick shifts for living your best life ever!
I bought this book for my wife’s birthday after a friend had told me about it and she absolutely loves it. She keeps it on her nightstand and wakes up every morning now and loves turning to a random page and reading the days “Little Blast of Love” – I highly recommend this book to anyone for a gift or just loves a great inspirational read! Thank you Amy!
365 Little Blasts of Love is full of that deep, soulful wisdom that hits you right in the core. I started using Amy’s book as a daily dose of intuitive guidance. Each day I choose 1 page to open the book to. Every. Single. Time. there is a powerful message that relates to exactly what’s going on in my life. Her words are potent and her messages are clear. I think we could all use these little blasts of love! Be prepared to expand your mind and connect more deeply with your intuition.
This book is absolutely amazing!!! Every day I will say a little prayer and ask to be guided to the page I’m supposed to read and all I can say is WOW! I look forward to this every single day! The messages are life changing and so powerful but yet so easy to understand and apply to your every day life. The affirmations/messages are to the point and very easy to read. The daily affirmations help me to cleanse my soul and refocus my new day to try to make good choices and be patient. Unlike other affirmation books, there are no dates of the year, just affirmations. This is a great book of inspiration and power! You must have this book! Do not hesitate! Buy it and you will forever be changed! Amy is amazing!
This is a MUST HAVE for every household! This is the book you keep in the coffee table or in the kitchen to get you daily message of wisdom! The affirmations a quick and effective and they immediately shift your day into an amazing one! Having this book will change your life…one little blast of love at a time 😛 (I will buy it gain as Christmas presents to people I love!)
Over the past six years, you may have heard about successful and deranged R&B singer R. Kelly and how he was charged with having sex with (and maybe also peeing on) a teenage girl/girls, and taping himself doing so. Finally, the judge, the lawyers, and Kelly himself all showed up at the same time, a jury was selected, and opening statements are happening today.
Even though the judge in R. Kelly's case has forbidden access to sealed documents and closed hearings, there are so many weird details about this case, including all the other instances in which R. Kelly has had sex with underage girls, that the media is still finding plenty to talk about.
The Chicago Sun-Times published a long story in 2000 about R. Kelly having sex with teenage girls, and two years later, the incriminating videotape was sent anonymously to one of the authors of that story. The paper's website has has an incredibly thorough special section dedicated to the case. Recent headlines include "R. Kelly angrily hurls basketball at reporter at rec center" and "Potential juror: R. Kelly's 'not very smart'".
They also have a blog about the case, with a recent post suggesting that Kelly's brother might testify against him with evidence that R. Kelly tried to bribe him to say it was him in the infamous video. In an earlier interview, the paper quoted Carey "Killa" Kelly as saying, "And I say to America, the criminal justice system: If you let that n***** off, he's going to do it again, trust me. I bet my life on it."
The Sun-Times has owned this story from the beginning, but the NY Times has a good background article today, too. They interview some media and culture scholars about the case, with a few interesting conclusions. One of them thinks that since 2002, we've all gotten so used to sexed-up teenagers that this dirty video case seems like less of a big deal than it might have at the time.
The Times quotes a professor of black culture at Duke, Mark Neal, who notes that since the indictment, R. Kelly has continued to write songs about having threesomes and called himself the "Pied Piper of R&B", implying that he seduces children with his music. "Either he’s absolutely demonic or stupid or crazy."
Yep, probably. Or, as R. Kelly once attempted to explain the messes he's gotten himself into: "In life, you have people that love to party. That’s me. People that love God. That’s me. People that love sex. That’s me. People that love people. That’s me. And people that make mistakes. That’s me also."
Mm-hmm. Well, he also said at the time of his indictment that "Osama bin Laden is the only one who knows exactly what I'm going through."
For a good parody of the R Kelly trial, one should check out the episode of the Boondocks from season 1.
Prepare for tomorrow. See what's on the horizon in the tech world, and how it will impact your life.
Address:Room 505, North Tower, No. 49, Huaxia Road, Zhu Jiang New Town, Tianhe district, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China
Arya arrives in Braavos and is accepted into the House of Black and White. Cersei sends Jaime to Dorne to bring back Myrcella; Jaime recruits Bronn and relieves him of his betrothal to Lollys. Podrick Payne recognises Littlefinger and Sansa inside an inn where they are resting; Brienne of Tarth tries to convince Sansa of her vow of allegiance to Catelyn Stark but is rebuffed. Brienne tries to leave, when ensues a confrontation where Brienne kills some of Baelish’s men. Jon Snow is promised legitimacy and Winterfell if he bends the knee to Stannis; Samwell forced Snow’s hand by nominating him as candidate, and Snow is elected the 998th Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch on the casting vote of Maester Aemon. Daenerys is faced with a riot after she decides to execute a former slave who has murdered a captured member of the Son of Harpy before he has been given the chance of a fair trial; she has to be evacuated by her Unsullied. Drogon reappears when Dany is atop her citadel overlooking the city of Meereen.
Always wanted to piece your own music together? The Fabricator is an introductory production course on how to record, edit and mix your own music from scratch.
SESSION 1: Learn how to use make use of MIDI plug-ins, record live instruments and vocals and use basic production software to arrange, edit and mix your song.
SESSION 2: Record, arrange, edit and mix your very own creation to take home and share. And with the nifty tricks you pick up, you’ll soon be making your own music from your garage in no time.
SESSION 1: Picking up the vocabulary – hold a conversation, or call and respond, with your playing by understanding repetitions and echo, spaces and repetitions in time and modifying phrases.
SESSION 2: Putting it together – create your very own short story through drums by expressing your emotions through contrasts and changes in volume, intensity, note length, pitch and colours.
concerns when building ground level timber decks softwoods, steps to build a ground level deck at the home depot,cool deck design , uniquely awesome above ground pools with decks, building a deck flush to the ground decks fencing contractor talk,ground level deck ideas how to build a , build a deck on the ground building construction chatroom, custom made decks using cedar composite materials, ground level decks pa deck builders county photos, free standing deck frame renovation decking decks built on.
Established for over 40 years, we are not a website only trailer company, we have 100s of trailers in stock and provide a fast, reliable after sales service.
We stock Ifor Williams car trailers, Woodford trailers, Brians James and Fountain Trailers car transporters, bike trailers plus trailers for quads for sale on site at Rowlands Castle, near Portsmouth in Hampshire.
Trailer Training UK provide instruction in many different licence categories to prepare you to tow your trailer on the road.
Make sure you don't risk buying or renting a trailer from a Delboy down the road when you can come to the professionals at Blendworth Trailer Centre and get expert advice on the best car transporter for your needs.
Visit us near Portsmouth at Rowlands Castle or call on 02392 412 731 for car transporter and information and advice. We also hire car transporters and quadbike trailers.
(The three wheeler pictured on one of Blendworth's car trailers is the original car owned by Only Fools and Horses writer John Sullivan)
Woodford Trailers trailers are designed and built in the UK. Available directly from Blendworth Trailer Centre, Woodford manufacture top quality, highly engineered trailers for the industrial, sport and leisure markets at competitive prices.
This is quality lightweight trailer range from Woodford Trailers, manufactured in the UK, is ideal for cars up to 1500kg with the option of a single or twin braked axle. These trailers range commonly used by motor sport enthusiasts.
Widebody trailers are ideal for wide low ground clearance cars. Manifactured in the UK, all trailers in the Woodford Widebody range come with a spare wheel, drop down legs, locking hitch and wheel chocks as standard.
For heavy duty car transporters, 2600kg or 3000kg gross, centre decking is fitted as standard equipment.
The standard range of car transporters from Woodford is wholly manufactured in Northamptonshire. These car trailers can carry a wide range of vehicles up to 2400kg. The ramps pull out from under the runways and are available with tilt and tilt with ramp options as optional extras.
Woodford's robust flatbed trailers are ideal not only to transport cars but also tractors, diggers and numerous other types of plant.
The 3 bike trailer, available from Blendworth Trailer Centre, is wholly manufactured in the UK. As standard the trailer comes with a locking hitch, a great wheel chocks system and loading ramp.
Ifor Williams have developed an exclusive beam axle and leaf spring suspension system for their car transporters for a safe and stable ride. Similar systems are widely used on commercial vehicles, where performance under load is essential.
Renowned for durability and ease of maintenance, the Ifor Williams beam axle system contributes significantly to the low depreciation of their trailers.
This single axle car transporter trailer can cater for both vehicle recovery and motor sport. Twin high tensile steel pressings and galvanized structure are mounted on the exclusive Ifor Williams beam axle suspension and combine to give a versatile, strong and easy to use vehicle carrier.
Both vehicle recovery and motor sport are catered for within this lightweight car transporter. The CT136SA single axle trailer features twin high tensile steel pressings and a galvanized structure, mounted on the exclusive Ifor Williams beam axle suspension, combined to give a versatile, strong and easy to use vehicle carrier.
The Ifor Williams CT136 twin axle car transporter trailer is also now available as a Heavy Duty model. Both models are suitable for vehicle recovery and motor sport. Twin high tensile steel pressings and galvanised structure are mounted on the exclusive Ifor Williams beam axle suspension and combine to give a versatile, strong and easy to use vehicle carrier.
Wide enough for most dual tyred vans and narrow enough for the smallest cars. The car trailer features a tail that avoids the need for ramps when loading most vehicles, and a pair of retained mini-skids that pull out when increased spoiler clearance is required.
The rear lights hinge out for maximum loading clearance by virtue of a very simple system which operates without tools in seconds and absorbs vibration. The car transporter features a two stage hydraulic ram will allow heavy vehicles to be loaded with the drawbar on the ground.
Visit us, please call us on 02392 412 731 or email sales@blendworthtrailers.co.uk for more details and advice on our full range car and bike trailers for sale and our car transporters and bike trailers for hire.
Please visit us at Rowlands Castle near Portsmouth in Hampshire to see our huge range of new and used trailers for sale.
For new and used trailers, trailer servicing and repairs, trailer spares, trailer help and advice or our fast and reliable after sales service, call us on:
We are not an internet only company, established for over 40 years, we have new and used trailers in stock on site in Hampshire and offer a fast, reliable after sales service.
This schematic diagram serves to provide an understanding of the functions and workings of an installation in detail, describing the equipment / installation parts (in symbol form) and the connections.
This circuit diagram shows the overall functioning of a circuit. All of its essential components and connections are illustrated by graphic symbols arranged to describe operations as clearly as possible but without regard to the physical form of the various items, components or connections.
bigender.com specializes in lifestyle clothing, hi-end t-shirt designs, made in Los Angeles for men and women.
Beach Photos 2018 :: Retro beach natural boob video galleries and Nudist family pictures, Girl getting changed at the beach ::
Hi Kate and crew. This is our first contri hope you all like and comments are good she gets very hot shows off and wants to do NIP's. If comments are good we'll send more. Please no E-mail yet.
Just a hot night of Naughty sex, I keep getting requests for during sex pics , well here they are, Thanks for all the great comments and I'll try to answer all ur emails and comments, xoxoxo
After constant nagging from my hubby, I finally worked up the courage to whip out my cunt for the camera! We also did RC type pics which I will show if response is ok! please don't print email.
In Spring 2014 Clean Coasts was looking for a way to get more people involved in beach clean activities. and they came across the idea of the #2minutebeachclean. This simple and inspired idea is the brain child of Martin Dorey, who began his own 2 minute beach cleans in the UK when he was out for a surf. Clean Coasts loved the idea and have been promoting it ever since. Clean Coasts developed the idea even further to reflect their concern that often litter that ends up in our oceans actually comes from land based sources and so began #2minutestreetclean!
Have you ever had the struggle of figuring out what’s for lunch with a group of friends or coworkers? Let 2 Pops Catering take that struggle away from you! With a fantastic variety of menu choices, 2 Pops Catering can meet your group’s lunch needs! Call 918-516-8277 or email us at orders@2-pops.com ! 2 Pops Catering, Best Food Ever!
A couple of night’s ago I hopped over to The Pelican in Fulham, London, to catch up with artist Emma Buggy.
We first met Emma at our last event and were fascinated by her work. You can take a look at her portfolio here.
The Pelican now plays host to Lucid Drawings and a Loo with a View, curated by Emma and friends showcasing up and coming London based talent, all playing with different mediums and subjects. It’s the pub’s first ever contemporary art exhibition, and the beginning of a new project which is set to host new artists every 6-8 weeks, each with an open night of music and good times.
Current works are on display until 13th August or until they are sold, with the artist receiving 100% of the sale price. For more information, including a list of current artists and directions to The Pelican click here.
Afterglow showcases non-mainstream creative works. Since early 2011, we have been bringing artists, writers, performers, photographers, designers and industry professionals together at regular events to encourage creative collaborations and an opportunity to meet like-minded people, often leading to forwarding steps in their careers. Our online platform offers intelligent insights into the most beautifully crafted and original works in the erotica arena.
Our networking nights continue to bring together, creative people from across the globe and we’re proud that our October 2011 event starred the wonderful Rubyyy Jones, Miss B and Ben is a Dark Horse.
Paul Sparks is the latest actor to come aboard the cast of the untitled 'Ford Vs Ferrari' film. The film, based on AJ Baime's book – 'Go Like Hell: Ford, Ferrari, and Their Battle for Speed and Glory at Le Mans' – and to be directed by 'Logan' helmer James Mangold, will feature Matt Damon and Christian Bale in the lead.
Sparks, who is best known for starring in Netflix's 'House of Cards', will portray the role of Leo Beebe, Henry Ford's longtime public relations executive, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
The movie is about the feud between Ford and Ferrari as they both competed to win the 'Le Mans World Championship' in France in 1966.
Damon will portray automotive visionary Carroll Shelby while Bale is playing British driver Ken Miles.
I’ve always known that our hand gestures, both purposeful ones and “unconscious” ones, are a language unto themselves. While in Greece (May 11-25) at Humanity’s Team annual Global Council meeting, for whatever reason, I really began noticing hands~in paintings, statues, live people, etc. In this more focused attention toward hands, I came up with what I thought was a “new” positioning of the hands for meditating. In our meetings, we practiced this positioning of the hands.
The idea of the meaning of hand positions originally came to me from the Whirling Dervishes* (a couple of weeks before leaving for Greece). In the book The Whirling Dervishes by Shems Friedlander, the positions of the hands for the dance are explained:
The dervishes extend their arms, the right palm faces up and the left down. The energy from above enters through the right palm, passes through the body which is a visible channel, and, as this grace is universal, it passes through the left palm into the earth. With extended arms, the dervish embraces God (pg 91).
I had watched a video of this dance which mesmerized me. I learned from a friend that it takes great practice and time to accomplish this dance/meditation. Since I’m not (yet) able to spin in circles without the aid of motion sickness medication, I decided to stand still and position my hands in a similar fashion. Sometimes I position my right palm up and sometimes outward; I place my left palm towards the earth and sometimes to a person. Either way, this positioning of the hands is very powerful.
Now as I walked through many ancient sites and museums in Greece, I was drawn to the many statues which no longer had their hands.
When I looked at what was left of the arms of these statues, I noticed that the positions of the hands “could” have been in a similar position as to what I have been doing in my own meditations lately. This got me to thinking and researching hand positions…there is a plethora of information on this subject, but in general I’ve found that this is not such a “new” idea.
I have one of those minds that just wants to know….I’d love any and all thoughts on these NON exhaustive thoughts….
In any case, the one hand up and the other down to the earth, is a powerful stance ~ try it and you will see~
*Whirling Dervishes (also known as The Mevlevi Order) are a Sufi order founded in Konya (in present-day Turkey) by the followers of Jalal ad-Din Muhammad Balkhi-Rumi, the 13th century Persian poet, Islamic jurist, and theologian.
Select Month June 2014 (1) September 2013 (4) August 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (3) February 2013 (6) January 2013 (3) December 2012 (7) November 2012 (9) October 2012 (5) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (3) May 2012 (12) April 2012 (6) March 2012 (5) February 2012 (1) January 2012 (7) December 2011 (2) October 2011 (6) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (2) July 2011 (3) June 2011 (6) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (3) February 2011 (2) January 2011 (1) December 2010 (4) November 2010 (3) May 2010 (1) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (1) February 2010 (1) January 2010 (2) December 2009 (6) November 2009 (10) October 2009 (5) September 2009 (2) August 2009 (1) July 2009 (2) June 2009 (3) May 2009 (1) April 2009 (6)
This template is built with validated CSS and XHTML. To download more WordPress Themes, please visit www.nattywp.com.
Hopeful that they are still in the debates at all.For this study david berky did not know how to achieve that for these kids,removed self from the body.A group at the Stanford. Gay porn chilean storage2.bitcoin com.ru Anal clip free porn
 Nudist pre teens free films Dominion Securities Our professionals provide expertise and a global outlook offering you a complete spectrum of premium wealth management solutions, including investment advice. Cranston 42 Tremont Street. Contact Name: Domenic Bucci Phone #: 4019426691 Directions: From Route 295 North or South in RI, exit onto Route 14 East (Plainfield Pike).Lo plastic surgery of s, comprised a nose job to render its nose tighter. Now that she is moreover a mother, incitilo to recover the wonders if Jenny from the block has had a. Back swing or follow through or foot placement golf technique
Veona adds to Hladky family Kathy Hladky and her daughter, Rayna, 7, have recently welcomed a new member to the family, 18monthold Veona. Board shares concern over bridge  steam74.bitcoins free.ru Hause animal sex free
 Katka henesova masturbating Corbis, the world’s 2nd largest stock licensing company owned by Bill Gates, has announced that it has appointed Rajiv Jain to the post of Chief Technology Officer (CTO).
 Farley's Sathers Candy Company Home Page. RainBlo® gum balls were one of the first gum balls manufactured with a hollow center. YIPES® is the name of the FRUIT STRIPE.
 Top porn site The genial and informative Director of Public Relations, Amy Bordy, kindly introduced me to the spaces and the concept of this Ballet School. We hope you enjoy your visit. You're currently viewing our forum as a guest.. Did the Earth move for you? 38 minutes ago, By Bordy: 0 viewers: Topics: 8,158: Replies: 76,030  Gay porn chilean
 Martha McCully is a lifestyle expert covering the worlds of beauty, home, style and health. Martha is a consultant, writer and onair personality with a smart take on what women.  stratum38.kupicoin.by Sexy tuning
 Dan Paul, Jeron Johnson, Kyle Wilson and Brandyn Thompson of the Boise State Broncos celebrate a touchdown during the game against the Fresno State Bulldogs on.  strix8.zarabotalbitcoin.ru
 Blue goo girl Check out scifibirk's user information at MovieTome. Would you get along with scifibirk? Look through this profile page to find out!
 Welcome to Angelo Sons Foundation!  We believe in quality service and honest workmanship.  We have worked hard to build a good reputation and longterm relationships with our.  strongly22 Cathedral mary our queen school
Hot toys iron man review Soon to join this selection is an exciting new winery development by Craggy Range and Matariki's chardonnay plantings immediately below Te Mata Peak. Sophia rossi porn videos
 Jane Burch Cochran's personal web site for artists, quilters, and collectors. The site includes three galleries, items for sale, resume, and more about Jane.  Celebrity free nude site
 Seattle, Wash. December 13, 2015 Daven Harmeling scored 10 of his 13 points in the first half, freshman Klay Thompson chipped in with 14 points, and Washington State rebounded. A Tuxedo up for adoption in Sunset, LA. Daven is an Adult Male Cat at Acadiana Humane Society.. Welcome to ! The temporary home of 297,665 adoptable pets from.  such58 You tube girls caught masterbating while peeing
 For example, in 2004, the name Mohammed entered the top 20 list of popular baby boy names in England and Wales for the first time. This shows the rapid growth of the Muslim.  sucha16
Found this recipe on Williams Sonoma. First time trying it so who knows but let’s face it…how can it possibly taste bad??
Preheat oven to 350°F. Line a 9-by-13-inch baking pan with foil and grease well. I melted a bit of butter and spread it in there.
In a saucepan over medium heat, warm the butter, stirring constantly, until it turn golden and the butter has a nutty fragrance. Be careful not to let the butter burn. Remove from heat and stir in the brown sugar. Set aside and let cool slightly.
In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, vanilla, bourbon and salt. Whisk in the cooled butter mixture, then fold in the flour and baking powder.
Making sure that the mixture is almost at room temperature (to prevent the chocolate from melting), stir in the nuts, cherries and chocolate chips. Pour the mixture into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake until the top is shiny, set and slightly cracked around the edges, 30 to 35 minutes. Transfer the pan to a wire rack and let cool completely before cutting.
I don’t love idiots who try and get on some soap box about religious tolerance or PC-ness. There is not single damn thing wrong with saying Merry Christmas, sending out Christmas cards, having a Christmas tree.
If you don’t celebrate Christmas because you are Jewish, Muslim, Kwanzian (just made that up) or a Pagan. Good for you. I don’t care. And when you say Happy Hanukkah or Happy Ramadan or whatever – I don’t get offended. Hey – celebrate. Be happy. But don’t try and rain on my parade by insisting we don’t say Christmas because it’s some kind of -ist.
This country was founded on Christian religious beliefs. I am not Christian or Catholic or any offshoot. To me Christmas is not really so much about the birth of Jesus or a time to spend time in church. It’s totally fine if it is for you though. To me, Christmas is about friends and family and feeling happy and putting up my Christmas trees and singing Christmas music every day from the Friday after Christmas until January 2nd. I get the religious aspects of it and respect them and people’s right to believe them. That’s another reason our country was founded and is so great. So if someone wants to put a manger scene up, THAT’S OK. That’s what Christmas it about to them.
For me it’s about bundling up in a big coat with sweaters and scarves and boots because it’s cold out, hopefully with some snow. About walking around the Stanford Shopping Center with all of the stores decorated and lights twinkling everywhere. And almost everyone in a better mood. Unless you are there at like 4pm on Christmas Eve – those people are a bit harried.
It’s about planning and eating some yummy meals that you don’t let yourself have year round. About smiling at total strangers as you walk down the street and wishing them a Merry Christmas. It’s about going to a party or 2 and having fun with friends, family and co-workers. It’s about getting a red cup at Starbucks and hearing the Christmas music playing in there while you warm up from the cold.
It’s about buying a present for someone that you know they will love and wrapping it and putting it under the tree and having the lights sparkle off the wrapping paper. It’s about coming home from work and turning the Christmas tree lights on and just sitting around the tree enjoying it.
It’s about watching It’s a Wonderful Life, A Christmas Story, Rudolph and The Grinch for the umpteenth time and still enjoying every minute of them. And of course new classics like Elf and Love Actually :)
If kids are around, it’s most definitely about Santa Claus and his reindeer and Frosty. And making Christmas cookies.
I could go on listing more things that Christmas means to me. But the point is that if you are such a jerk that you can’t understand and allow people to enjoy these things without making a frackin’ ruckus about the Christ part in Christmas, you are the one with the problem. I don’t care if you celebrate Hanukkah. Or Ramadan. Or Kwanzaa. Or Winter Solstice. Or don’t celebrate anything at all. Do it – have fun with it. But don’t wreck my fun.
So when I say Merry Christmas to you, smile and be happy. As will I if you send good wishes to me. But if you find yourself offended by someone wishing you a Merry Christmas, I think your heart and soul are basically empty voids. And stay the hell away from me.
Today is the last day of my Christmas vacation. I’m bummed :( Not at the prospect at going back to work. I don’t mind work. More at the prospect of leaving my winter wonderland. I love my house here. I love my time here. The huskies love their snow time here. Being here makes me happy.
It’s been a fun vacation. Didn’t do everything I wanted to but did a lot. Ice skating was high on my list but it’s so crowded here for the holidays with tourists, it makes more sense to wait a week or 2.
Leading up to my time off, I was so busy and stressed out to get stuff done that I didn’t have time to look forward to my time off! But once I got here, instant decompression. It was a white Christmas which was key for me. Christmas Eve and Day were nice even though husband was sick. Made a yummy ham that we are still eating the leftovers from :) Made some yummy food this vacation – but tooooo terribly unhealthy! The penne with Italian sausage was my favorite I think – numnumnum!
I also finished 2 fun books and started another. And even got through one of my past Vanity Fair magazines! I am so behind in my VF reading. Ever since Dominick Dunne stopped writing his column, I don’t rush to open them as quickly as I used to. But still some good articles and nice pictures :)
Friends came up for New Year’s and we had a fun blue moon shoe hike, 2 fun dinners (1 in and 1 out) and a nice New Year’s Eve at 2 mellow neighbor parties and still safely and warmly in bed by 1am :)
Regular season football is coming to end today. This saddens me too. Even though I got knocked out of fantasy – boo!! I won Survivor and 4 weekly pools so far so can’t really complain – fun AND profitable season :) Watched some exciting football games this past 2 weeks for sure (MNF – MIN at CHI was GREAT!) Plus watched the Gators and Tim Tebow dominate in the Sugar Bowl. That was nice :) I would LOVE to see Alabama lose miserably to Texas this week to make that even more fun :)
The most important thing is that I got a LOT of snow play (and exercise!) in with the huskies. That was my main goal :) Every single day we went out for multiple snow walks and hikes. And the weather definitely cooperated. Tons of snow and nice cold weather for the boys. I think this December is one of the best Decembers in recent history for snow. YAY! So hopefully January – March cooperates as well. We walked through our neighborhood pre-plowing so it was deep, we hiked up snow trails, went snowshoeing (well, the huskies don’t use shoes!), played in snow piles and dug snow caves. Pretty sure they had a good time! I know I did :)
So a nice vacation for sure. And thankfully I get to come back next weekend if I want – hopefully to some fresh snow! :)
“Please accept with no obligation, implied or implicit, my best wishes for an environmentally conscious, socially responsible, low-stress, non-addictive, gender-neutral celebration of the winter solstice holiday, practiced within the most enjoyable traditions of the religious persuasion of your choice, or secular practices of your choice, with respect for the religious/secular persuasion and/or traditions of others, or their choice not to practice religious or secular traditions at all.
I also wish you a fiscally successful, personally fulfilling and medically uncomplicated recognition of the onset of the generally accepted calendar year 2010, but not without due respect for the calendars of choice of other cultures whose contributions to society have helped make America great. Not to imply that America is necessarily greater than any other country nor the only America in the Western Hemisphere . And without regard to the race, creed, color, age, physical ability, religious faith or sexual preference of the wishee.
By accepting these greetings you are accepting these terms. This greeting is not subject to clarification or withdrawal. It is freely transferable with no alteration to the original greeting. It implies no promise by the wisher to actually implement any of the wishes for herself or himself or others, and is void where prohibited by law and is revocable at the sole discretion of the wisher. This wish is warranted to perform as expected within the usual application of good tidings for a period of one year or until the issuance of a subsequent holiday greeting, whichever comes first, and warranty is limited to replacement of this wish or issuance of a new wish at the sole discretion of the wisher.”
Thanksgiving weekend is drawing to a close. Sad that I have to leave snowy Tahoe but happy it’s now Christmas season! Started on Friday when I put up my tree here. And this week I will buy a tree for home. Very excited!! My tree routine is go pick my tree, get tree home and up, order pizza, put Christmas music on and decorate with a glass of bubbly. I’ve had this routine for years – at home (no bubbly then tho!) and then on my own. When decorated, you sit and look at your pretty tree and smile :) Every night when I come home from work, I will turn the tree lights and Xmas music on. Having my tree makes me happy. Period.
I tried very hard to not play any Christmas music until Friday but then on Friday – Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, Johnny Mathis and more got plenty of play :) Christmas music really makes me happy. Well, let me re-phrase…I like well done Christmas music. I’ve heard some really bad pop or rap renditions…not a fan…at all. But there is nothing better than the old classics. My dad would play the Bing Crosby, Frank Sinatra and Johnny Mathis records over and over all month long. They are in constant rotation at my house now too :)
Went to our homeowner’s association Tree Lighting last night. They had a pretty big set up at the lodge with s’mores stations, pictures with Santa and plenty of games for kids. We saw Santa’s sleigh land too. Not exactly sure how they did it, but they did make it seem like he landed from the sky – had him come out of the dark forest so it was a good illusion. The kids (ok, me too…) were pretty excited to see it :) I wore my jingle bell antlers headband so the little kids liked to stop and talk to me :) It was sooooo cold out but they had a lot of the outdoor heaters going. It was a very fun event.
Fun football weekend. My Gators won!! The Stanford/Notre Dame game was great and I am on track to win my FF week. Although it will come down to MNF as I have Drew Brees and my opponent has Reggie Bush. I am very, very excited for that game. I am rooting for NO to win!
It’s time to get some Christmas shopping done. I love going to Stanford Shopping Center at Christmas time. They have trees and decorations everywhere, music playing, everything is lit up, the whole place is beautiful. It’s nice and festive and wintery. I actually prefer to get my shopping done online for most things but love going there just for the holiday ambiance. Walk around, get a hot cocoa or hot apple cider and check out all the store displays.
It’s very busy for me at work this time of year. And then you throw in being busy for holiday stuff. It’s so easy to get so busy that you forget to stop and enjoy this time of year. Always take some time to stop and enjoy the season. Watch the snow fall if you can. Or decorate your Christmas tree, even if you can only afford a small one. Or sit down and listen to Bing sing White Christmas. Oh – and watch a cute Christmas movie! Old classics, new classics – whatever tickles you. Find the time for these things. *Especially* if you have kids – they will always remember it. Presents are awesome – everyone loves them, loves to play with them, have them, etc, etc. But they will remember the things they did, trees decorated, visits to Santa, snowballs thrown, family traditions to repeat for years, the times you laughed together at Ralphie and his quest for a Red Ryder or rooted for Rudolph. It’s important. These are the things I remember from my family Christmas’ and always will.
Thanksgiving is the start of the big holiday season for me. I don’t go by the retail stores who apparently think late August is a good time to start thinking about trimming your tree. Nope. For me, it’s the Thanksgiving week. So, really not Thursday but all Thanksgiving week I am gearing up for it. And my Christmas tree doesn’t go up a day earlier than the Friday after Thanksgiving. Sometimes, not until the following weekend but that is only due to time constraints or finding someone to help me get the tree (husband does not help much in that area – his loss.)
I really hate when people use the excuse of the holidays to get all blue or sad. Oh poor me. Bad relationship/memories with dad, Mom, husband, wife, kids, whatever. Boo-hoo. You know what? That sadness is caused by you. If this horrible thing didn’t just happen to you, then you have had time to pick yourself, get over it, move on. I’ve had my fair share of bad things happen around these holidays. But I think I love them more than anyone else I know.
Today, November 25th, is when my Mom died six years ago. I was at home packing for our trip to San Diego to visit husband’s family for Thanksgiving when my Dad called with the news. Now, my Mom had been sick for several years so it wasn’t really a surprise. But that really doesn’t make that call any easier. My Mom had early onset Alzheimer’s. She got sick in 1997. Then had to go to a nursing home a year later. She was still physically OK at this point but unable to manage at home any longer. She and my Dad had been divorced for years at this point so it was really above and beyond for him to take care of her for this amount of time (that’s a whole other posting for the future I guess.) She needed constant care and was starting to get more and more physically ill as well.
So my brother and I had quite a few years to deal with the loss of our Mom before her actual loss. When I visited her, she would sometimes remember me and sometimes not. This is not something you can ever get used to. One of the saddest moments in my life was receiving a phone call from her, long after she was all but mentally checked out and remembering no one but my Dad, and the nurse put her on the phone and she whispered “Don’t let me stay here anymore. Don’t hang on to me anymore.” I was fairly speechless. But I told her I wouldn’t. Watching her fade was sad. She was a very vibrant woman and she would have HATED to see herself in that condition.
As she got sicker, the nursing home asked us about DNRs. Since my parents were divorced, this decision fell to her eldest child. A good thing to know for the future – DNRs are not black and white. There are all sorts of caveats. And if you don’t understand them all – they still will resuscitate even if this leaves the person in a coma. So if it is your intention to have one in place for yourself, make sure you research this. It’s a good, if morbid, thing to plan so the decision doesn’t fall to others who cannot make it. My father argued with me about this for a while. What finally got him to realize I was right was me pointing out that this is no longer Mom. She was no longer there. And if Mom fell into a coma, or needed tubes to live on as a meat body, she would absolutely not want that. And as you learn more about what Alzheimer’s does to the mind and body, you realize what will happen eventually. It’s a horrific disease.
So when my Dad called and told me that she did die, I did cry. Of course I was sad. But part of me was relieved that she was released from that hell. I know this was harder on my little brother. He argued with her a lot when she was “forgetful” and felt like crap after finding out she was sick. I don’t think he is truly over this yet.
We still went down to San Diego as my Mom’s cremations, etc was going to take a few days due to nursing home/hospital/mortuary/etc delays. That Thanksgiving was hard. Husband’s family tried very hard to comfort me without smothering me. That was nice. They are a very nice family for sure.
During this trip, a very weird evening/event occurred with one of husband’s friends and his whacked-out crazy wife. This upset me mostly because I was already upset. I’m sure on a regular weekend, I would have just smacked someone :) In a nutshell: went to his surfing friend’s house for dinner (a surgeon) with his wife (also a doctor) and their 2 kids and wife’s 20-something sister visiting from Brazil. Dinner was nice. Very fun. Nice family. They suggest going to a club to listen to some live music (Los Lonely Boys were playing.) I didn’t want to – I am tired. Much prodding and fine – I agree to not be the stick in the mud because my Mom just died (??) Surgeon drives us all to club. Lesson learned: NEVER all go in 1 car when it’s not yours – anywhere, ever. Get to crowded bar/club. Band late. Surgeon wife – has a beer. 10 minutes later surgeon’s wife has completely transformed into a freak. I am 100% convinced she took E along with that beer. No way 1 beer does that. No way. She and her sister were flying high. She attempted to put a move on me. Uh – no. If I were in a better mood, I would have brushed it off like a “Heh, sorry you got the wrong impression.” But I was not in a better mood. I told her to get the F away from me and if she doesn’t I will punch her in the face. I felt this communicated what I wanted correctly.
I think I was most annoyed that my husband saw this happen but a) didn’t really care and b) still didn’t leave when I said I wanted to leave after it happened. If this was a man that had done this – he would have FREAKED out. So I told him I was leaving even if he wasn’t. Fine – we can go. Oh but what about the others (who were by now drunk and whatever else.) Umm…take the car keys away and tell them to cab it home. Done. No, we can’t do that. So we had to round them up, have them fall down in the street on the way to the car, lose purses, etc and drive them home. Unreal. The surgeon called husband the next day to apologize. Whatever dude. Anyway…it was a rather surreal evening to a crap weekend. Husband’s family yelled at him for even taking me there at all. Ha. Also found out the wife and sister are always like this and this marriage is kinda open-ish? Ewww.
My grandmother also died around this time, in mid-December. But this was a long time ago – I was little. I do remember how sad my father was. I had never, ever seen him sad before. That leaves an impression on a little kid. Maybe it’s why every Christmas after that he felt the need to drink himself silly. He wasn’t an angry drunk or anything – but it takes the fun out of things as you grow up and see people’s unhappiness and their inability to deal with it. I think this is a main reason I spoiled my little brother as much as I could and tried to shield him from that as a little kid.
My grandfather died a few years ago in early-January. He lived a long and happy life though. I think he just wanted to get to heaven to see my grandmother :) He used to drink way too much as well. But when my grandma died, he went cold turkey. I think he decided he needed to shape up if he was getting a spot with her. He was a WWII veteran. Played the violin beautifully. He played in the local orchestra for years. He and I wrote letters back and forth every week for years and years. He was a great guy and will always be missed. I found out he died when we were in Hawaii for a friend’s wedding. I got the call a couple hours before the ceremony. That was tough. But we were there. And I soldiered through and went. Being around friends can always help you through things.
My father had a stroke in 2007. 5 in 1 night actually. He has been a big drinker for quite some time. And his health and body gave up 1 day. They said he would die. I had to sign another DNR. But his genes are frackin’ tough. He did get physically better. Completely. But the strokes mushed up his short-term memory. Ask him anything about 15 years ago and beyond. Sharp as a tack. Ask him what he ate for breakfast. Not so much. So he is in a nursing home now.
My brother – he ODed in November a couple years ago. While taking care of my alcoholic father and not telling me the details (they all live in FL and I live in CA) so as not to upset or worry me, he stressed himself out to ridiculous proportions. Some people handle stress differently. Some people are tougher. But I’m sure seeing it almost every day was just too much for a 22 yr old (and starting when he younger.) He started taking Xanax at the suggestion of a “friend”. Got hooked. Anyone who thinks pharmaceuticals aren’t just as dangerous as street drugs is an idiot.
I got the call from my Aunt. Your brother is in a coma and they say he will die. What? I broke. I’ve been closest to my brother than any family member. I helped raise him. I just talked to him the day before – how could this happen? The doctor told me that I would need to decide on a DNR and organ donation. What? I flew out to Florida. On the plane, I said no – this will not happen. He is a good kid who made stupid decisions. When we got there, I had voice mails from my aunt. He came out of his coma! What? Doctor said crazy. Unheard of – he was blue when he arrived into the ER. Found out from his nurse later that they had literally already alerted the morgue that day. He has gone through a long rehab but is doing much better now.
I don’t write this to bum me or you out. I write this as a way to show that no matter what happens, you can still move past it. You can still suck it up and move on in life and deal with things. And you don’t blame the holiday blues. You had a sucky childhood so you don’t like Christmas now – wtf? I had an ex-boyfriend who didn’t like Christmas. He said it was because it was so stressful all his life, and so fake and so blah blah blah. He had a huge awesome family who celebrated the holidays with gusto. I spent 2 of them there. Not liking Christmas was in his own head and I would not let him take me down with him. I made him celebrate. We got a small tree for his apartment. Made him go to all of his family’s functions. And he said afterwards – that it was the best holiday he can ever remember. Well duh stupid – you took the time off from being depressed about it and found something to celebrate and be happy about.
Can I make myself sad by dwelling on the sad stuff. I’m sure. But I prefer to remember all the good memories I do have of these people and smile. I don’t have a big family (well, that I am close to) so I usually invite friends over to celebrate as well. I’ve always been a big believer in my friends are my family. I can choose them :)
Plus Christmas is when husband told me he was getting me a puppy. Puppy wouldn’t be ready until first week in January (we talked them into a 12/31 pickup.) This was the best Christmas gift I could ever receive. We went to get him early in the morning on 12/31/00. I was very sick (like don’t get out of bed sick – so forgive the pic!) but nothing was stopping me from getting my puppy. We played with the puppies for quite a while and Angelus chose me. And he has been my best friend ever since.
It’s easy to get caught up in not enough money, not enough time, no significant other, bad significant other, bad family, etc. etc. sadness/blues. But If you open your mind and eyes and look hard enough, you can always find something to be happy about too. To be thankful for. So look for it.
window shades provide insulation and allow careful light control. you can select from more than 2000 beautiful colors of fabric or have them custom made with your own fabric. we use quality blackout thermal linings for filtering out the extreme cold or heat. they operate with clutch system chain control , flawlessly without any glitches.
A friend of mine and I were arguing about astrology and she told me that he believes in astrology. She hasn’t provided me with any evidence that the belief makes any sense to me. She she been telling me that I can’t prove that it’s wrong. Does her answer have merit? Any suggestions/help/opinions?
A lot of nuts believe in this stuff. I have a friend who is always trying to advise me on how to deal with my kids based on my star sign, and theirs. It’s annoying, but she’s totally convinced that it’s true.
Many people believe that observable patterns provided the foundation for astrological predictions, but I think it was originally a way to encode arcane knowledge in a more “hip and fun,” easily-remembered myth structure. She’s right, though, that it can’t be proven right or wrong, just like any other myth or belief. We simply don’t have the data. Remember that actual proof must follow the guidelines of the scientific method and not just include personal experience or anecdotal evidence. Most divination is intentionally vague nowadays, anyway, to allow for personal interpretation, so perhaps she just finds it a useful tool for soul-searching. On the other hand, perhaps she spends a huge amount of time doing the math to draw up specific astrological charts (or uses the software!) and gets answers that anecdotally apply to her experiences. The fact is, this is not a battle anyone can win, captain. It’s just what works for her.
It would be very difficult to prove it wrong. That’s why burden of proof is generally on the person trying to prove something. All the disprover has to do is disprove the supposed supporting evidence.
This is a basic bait and switch routine for someone who wants people to agree with them but can’t be bother to offer any critical thinking. If she wants to convince you that astrology is real, the burden of proof is on her. It makes no sense to believe in something solely because you can’t prove its wrong.
Think of it this way…can you prove the tooth fairy doesn’t exist? I can’t. And yet, I don’t believe in her, because I have no reason to.
its really up to you…i was no great believer, but a mild application here n there actually helps you dealwith different kind of people better….c’mon, any nut could tell you leos have big egos!
Believing in astrology is like Believing in God. You have to have faith in something higher than yourself and something that you just can’t scienfically prove exists.
I believe in both. I figure. God created the sky and stars and God created humans with the capacity to learn and understand. God also seems to like to send messages to his creations, what better than the sky? It is up to each person to find their messages. Some will find them in a church, some through music and some through art and some in the stars.
Also, the Bible was written by humans. They are supposedly inspired. Why couldn’t astrologers of old have been inspired as well?
God didn’t stop talking to humans when the last page in the bible was written—If you listen you can hear..sometimes you can hear with your eyes and heart through the beauty in nature including the sky. Also, children learn to draw and do pictures before they learn to read and write. Humans knew art and nature before they knew books and words. God surely wouldn’t have dismissed their need to be enlightened in life.
We are very appreciative of all the support Hooper Knight has provided. You strike us as a highly professional company with high level of service.
Overall a fantastic company and would highly recommend to other brigades and would be more than happy to share my opinions with other brigades looking to install these or similar products into their facilities.
Orders are dealt with quickly and effectively and the products that you have are of good quality. You also do a bespoke service which is great.
Products are great quality and value for money. We will certainly keep on using you in the future and keep up the good work.
We were kept informed of delivery dates and got the date we needed. When I had a question we got an instant response which was great.
We found you a trouble free, honest and prompt supplier whom worked professionally on our behalf and fulfill everything asked of you in our order.
Product is good quality, the customer service was very good, and we were kept informed as to when we would receive our order.
Good level of communication – Good overall quality of bespoke equipment – Competitive Quotations – Quick turnaround on quotation requests.
My initial enquiry was dealt with promptly and the people I contacted were courteous and friendly. Communication about the order progress was good and the order arrived within the estimated delivery time. The product looks great and my colleagues are pleased with it.
So, men, you just can't figure 'her' out, huh? Well, hopefully, you'll be able to get a few clues while you're here. I don't know how helpful I will be at clearing things up for you, in a way a man can understand ;), but I surely will try.
Dear Dahlia is a design house under the direction of Martha Powell. This blog follows her journey through fashion, the design process, and her personal trek through the competitive costume/fashion world.
We added a Lingerie and Corsets page, fixed up Cosplay and did minor adjustments to design boards. I suppose the biggest update was to our new collection page, Consumed!
When we say "biggest update" we literally mean BIG! We updated the page to show the progress of consumed from illustration and concept to finished runway ready product! Go check it out here~
We suppose we should also mention the two newest costumes to the line up, Simon and Sharrkan! Go check them out~
Suicide, voluntarily taking one's own life, occurs in every country in the world. In Western societies, suicide is recognized as a leading cause of early death, a major public health problem, and a tragedy for individuals and families.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO) in 1999, suicide is among the top ten causes of death for all age groups in North America and the majority of northern and western European countries; it represents 1 to 2 percent of total mortality. Analysis of the mortality figures (see Tables 1 and 2) reveals important differences in the mortality rate between various countries and age groups.
The suicide rate in industrialized countries has increased since the beginning of the twentieth century and reached very high levels in many European countries and North America. The rise in suicides parallels the gradual increase in urbanization and education. It is also known that a major part of the increase in the suicide rate can be attributed to those people under forty years old.
Epidemiological knowledge about suicide in the world is limited to countries that report suicide statistics to WHO. The majority of countries in Africa, the central part of South America, and a number of Asian countries do not report data on suicides. What epidemiological data are available can often vary in quality. According to Ian Rockette and Thomas McKinley, the misclassification of suicide leads to underreporting. Classifying suicides as unintentional poisonings, drownings, or undetermined deaths is not unusual.
Underreporting and misclassification can be explained by social attitudes toward suicide, religious disapproval, and recording procedures. Some countries have a system whereby coroners can investigate unnatural deaths. In other countries a certificate is simply signed by the doctor. Autopsies also vary from one country to the next. For example, the autopsy rate is very high in Australia but very low in Germany. When there is no stigma associated with suicide, those close to the deceased are more likely to reveal information and characteristics about the deceased that would lead to a more accurate classification.
In almost all countries for which statistics are available, suicide is more frequent among men than women (see Tables 1 and 2), a trend that prevails in most age groups. In a number of countries, a trend toward an increase in suicide has also been observed among men but not women. The gap in rates between men and women is smaller in Asian countries. Contrary to other countries, the suicide rate in China is higher among women than men in both rural and urban areas. However, the male-female suicide ratio is lower than in most countries.
Women's resistance to committing suicide may be explained by the strong role they play in family life, even if they work outside the home; their tasks prevent them from becoming socially and emotionally isolated. Women also seek medical treatment more often than men, increasing their chances of having any psychiatric problems detected and treated early. Conversely, men seem more vulnerable to losing their professional identity, a calamity often aggravated by solitude and loss of contact. Certain harmful behaviors linked to suicide, such as alcoholism and drug addiction, are especially common among men.
According to David Lester, the suicide rate increases with age among men and varies with age among women. In industrialized countries, the rate is higher for women in their middle ages. In poor countries, the suicide rate is higher among young women. In many industrialized countries and even in small communities, statistics show an increase in suicide among young people, especially among young men. In many areas, namely North America, suicide is the leading or second leading cause of death among young males. Suicide among children under the age of twelve is rare. The incidence of suicide rises sharply at puberty; the highest youth suicide rates occur during adolescence or early adulthood. The increase in suicide among youth dovetails with an overall rise in youthful depression. In addition, the earlier onset of puberty induces adult stresses and turmoil at an earlier age, including sexual activity and the abuse of alcohol, tobacco, and drugs.
Methods of suicide vary greatly among different countries, depending on cultural traditions and social and political conditions. According to Canetto and Lester, the use of firearms in suicide deaths is definitely higher for both men and women in the United States than in Canada. This is mainly due to the large number of firearms in circulation and the absence of restrictions on access to them. In many countries, the use of firearms in suicide deaths is higher in rural areas than in urban ones because there are more hunters in rural areas.
Another interesting example of the link between methods and their availability is that of domestic gas in England used for exhaust poisoning. When England lowered the toxicity of domestic gas, suicide by this method was eliminated in the country and suicides decreased by one-third. Other countries such as Switzerland, Ireland, and Scotland have also reported changes in the suicide rate following the detoxification of gas.
There are also major differences in how men and women in Western countries commit suicide. Many men shoot and hang themselves while women tend to poison or hang themselves. In industrialized and developing nations, women most frequently use chemical products intended for agriculture.
Suicide has been the subject of many studies dating back to Émile Durkheim's Le Suicide (1897). At the dawn of the twenty-first century, however, no theory on suicide has been accepted by a majority of researchers.
Suicide may be associated with various pathologies. In Western societies, for example, suicide is considered to be a reflection of the social ills associated with crises such as unemployment, insecurity, weakness, or the loss of income, all of which contribute to the breakdown of family ties and the mental and physical isolation of individuals. Suicide often leads to various forms of exclusion in Western societies, in particular social isolation.
exhaustive framework. His theory contributes to the understanding of how social integration and cohesion influence suicide. Durkheim explained how individual pathology was a function of social dynamics and the underlying reason for suicide occurrence. The anomic suicide defined by Durkheim is associated with societal crises of economic or social nature. Suicide existed before the acculturation, exclusion, and complex changes characteristic of Western societies. In smaller communities, suicide is not associated with social alienation and urbanization, according to Tousignant. In some of these smaller communities, suicide is often a means of making amends or seeking redemption in the eyes of the community. In this context, suicide is a social regulator rather than an anomic gesture. People who commit suicide in these smaller communities appear not to live on the fringe of society, but are socially integrated in their society.
In addition to social factors, individual and biological factors are also associated with suicide, notably the presence of psychiatric problems. People who suffer from depression or other mental problems are statistically more at risk of suicide than the rest of the population. However, though mental disease is a risk factor that increases the probability of suicide, it does not itself explain the occurrence of suicide. Other individual syndromes associated with suicide are antisocial behavior and the abuse of drugs and alcohol. More recent studies have also linked genetic and biological factors to suicide, such as gender and serotonin production problems.
To counter the problem of suicide, many countries have set up prevention programs that focus on early detection of mental disease and more adequate treatment of potential victims. Other programs seek to purvey more accurate information about the problem through the media. Legislation restricting the use of firearms, the restriction and control of toxic substances, and the detoxification of domestic gas are the most common and successful preventive measures in advanced industrialized countries.
Although suicide has been recorded in both written and oral records in the history of man from primitive times on, no word existed for the phenomenon until the seventeenth century. According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the word suicide was first used in 1651, but Alfred Alvarez reported in 1972 that it appeared in Sir Thomas Browne's Religio Medici in 1642. The Oxford English Dictionary states that the word suicidium was actually derived by combining the Latin pronoun for "self" and the verb "to kill." The word sounds deceptively Latin, but Henry Romilly Fedden, in his 1938 book Suicide, stated that the Romans described the act using Latin phrases, such as vim sibi inferre (to cause violence to oneself), sibi mortem consciscere (to procure one's own death), and sua manu cadere (to fall by one's own hand). Early English also used phrases, such as self-murder, self-destruction, and self-killer, all of which reflect the early association of the act with murder.
There is reliable evidence that suicide was present in most primitive tribes around the world, almost always associated with evil spirits, revenge, and unappeased anger. These attitudes in the form of superstitions and fears of magic found their way into Christianity as taboos that have persisted to this day. Attitudes toward suicide, however, have shown great variability depending on the culture and the part of the world. In primitive societies suicide was variously used as a means to exact vengeance, as a way of placing responsibility for the death on the person who had supposedly caused it, and as a way of embarrassing an adversary.
In other cultures suicide was not only tolerated but actually encouraged. The Goths and the Celts believed that to die naturally was shameful. Vikings unlucky enough not to die in battle fell on their own swords or jumped off cliffs in order to be able to enter Valhalla (the great hall of Odin for slain heroes in Norse mythology). And some Eskimo tribes believed it was better to kill oneself before growing feeble because people entered the next life in the same condition they left this one. In a number of societies tradition demanded that wives, retainers, servants, and ministers kill themselves so that they could continue to administer to the needs of their master after he died. Sometimes there was competition among the wives to be the first to follow the husband in death because that privilege identified his favorite. In Hindu India, the practice of suttee, the suicide of a widow by self-immolation on the funeral pyre of her husband, is reported to continue in some rural parts of the country, although it has long since been outlawed. Generally, however, the Hindu attitude toward suicide is ambiguous, condemning it but calling it justified in special cases, such as when a person has lived a full life or has achieved a special level as an ascetic.
In early Oriental sacred writings, suicide was viewed with contradictory attitudes that both encouraged and condemned it. In ancient China the ceremonial sacrifice of widows was almost as commonplace as it was in India; it was also reported to occur frequently because of the wretchedness of people's lives. In Japan, Buddhist tradition institutionalized suicide with several kinds of seppuku, a ritual form of disemboweling oneself that was used to admit failure, atone for a mistake, or avoid humiliation. Among the samurai, the professional warriors of feudal Japan, seppuku was incorporated into an ethical code known as Bushido, which required the warrior to follow his dead lord into the next life, to regain honor when revenge was not possible, and to avoid execution by the enemy in a lost battle. Brahmanism was sympathetic to suicide in that its philosophy incorporated denial of the body and the separation of the body from the soul in the intensive search for knowledge. Mohammedism condemned suicide with great severity, calling suicide a rejection of the divine will, which was expressed in many different ways and to which humans must submit themselves at all times.
Suicide among the Jews is generally infrequent, mostly because the value of life itself was so highly emphasized in the Torah. In the Old Testament of the Bible, a Jew is allowed to transgress every religious commandment in order to save his life except in cases of murder, incest, and the denial of God. Suicide was wrong, but was acceptable in instances of imminent capture and torture, apostasy, and shame or dishonor. Neither the Hebrew Bible nor the New Testament condemns nor condones suicide—nor does either contain the word suicide. The occasions of such deaths are described simply, briefly, and factually: Samson brought the temple of the Philistines down upon himself in order to kill his captors (Judg. 16:28–31); Saul, facing capture, disgrace, and torture in a defeat by the Philistines, fell on his own sword (1 Sam, 31:1–6); and Abimelech, not wanting the disgrace of being killed by a woman, killed himself (Judg. 9:54); Ahitophel chose to hang himself after he supported Absolam's unsuccessful revolt against King David (2 Samuel 17:23); Judas Iscariot simply "went and hanged himself" (Colt, 1991 p.153).
The Jews were involved in a number of mass suicides. In an early instance, Josephus, the Jewish general who later became a Roman historian, decided to surrender to the Romans when his army was defeated. His solders argued they should all kill themselves instead. They were able to over-come Josephus's arguments and proceeded to kill each other, but he was able to survive by persuading the last remaining soldier that the two of them should save themselves. The best-known occasion was the death in 74 C.E.of 960 Zealots who defended Masada through three years of siege by the Roman army and, facing capture, were persuaded by their leader, Eleazar Ben Zair, that death by their own hand was better than the slavery they faced when captured.
The first recorded reference to suicide comes from ancient Egypt (about 4,000 years ago) in The Dispute between a Man and His Ba, in which a man describes the injustice and greed of his times to his ba, or soul, which has threatened to leave him if he kills himself, thus depriving him of an afterlife. There was no dishonor associated with the act of suicide itself, for death was seen as a mere passage from this life to the next and as a convenient way to avoid excessive pain or dishonor. The dead were considered coequals with the gods and to have the same physical and emotional needs as the living.
Suicide among the ancient Greeks and Roman varied widely with respect to tolerance and legal restrictions. The primitive attitudes of horror and condemnation for suicide were preserved in the lower classes, but the upper classes were more tolerant and accepting. Four motivations appeared most often: the preservation of honor, the avoidance of excessive pain and disgrace, bereavement, and patriotism. The major concern was honor, whatever the origin, such as patriotism, pride, or protecting one's virtue.
Among those opposing suicide, the Pythagoreans disapproved because it interfered with the regular orderly process of transmigration of souls on Earth, skewing the process. Socrates (c. 470–399 B.C.E.), possibly the most famous of Greek suicides, actually opposed suicide, reasoning that humans belonged to God, so suicide was destruction of God's property. Both Aristotle (384–322 B.C.E.) and Plato (c. 428–348? B.C.E.) condemned suicide but made exceptions, such as intolerable disgrace, unavoidable misfortune, or extraordinary sorrow. Aristotle felt that people belonged to the state, which made suicide a punishable act against the state. Plato considered a person to be a soldier of God, so the suicide deserted God, not the state. Suicide to avoid suffering was considered cowardice and weakness of character; suicide was acceptable, however, in cases of incurable illness or when God had summoned the soul. The Epicureans and Stoics, on the other hand, considered suicide an appropriate escape from the sufferings of physical illness and emotional frustration. For them neither life nor death was as important as one's right to decide about both. The manner of death was important, and suicide was often a carefully chosen validation of the principles by which one had lived.
Among the Romans, Pliny the Elder (23–79 C.E.) considered the existence of poisonous herbs as proof of a kindly Providence because they allowed a person to die painlessly and quickly. Suicide among the Romans became more and more economically oriented. The right to commit suicide was denied to a slave because it was considered a financial loss to the master. Likewise it was denied to a soldier because it weakened the armed forces. If a civilian committed suicide while under arrest, the state was deprived of taxes and services so punishment consisted of forfeiture of the estate. Suicide among the upper classes, however, was acceptable, in part because the attitude toward death had become so casual and public that death itself had little or no meaning. The records contain the names of many notables in Roman history who chose suicide to avoid defeat or dishonor or out of grief, including the poet Lucan (39–65 C.E.); the defeated general Cato (95–46 B.C.E.); Petronius (d. 66 C.E.), the gifted playwright and author; Paulina, the wife of Seneca (4 B.C.E.?–65 C.E.), who was allowed to kill himself when sentenced to death by the emperor Nero; and Nero (37–68 C.E.) himself.
Christianity has contained markedly opposing attitudes toward suicide over time. The early era found suicide not only tolerated but also embraced by the church. Life was difficult, and the objective in life became to avoid sin and gain entrance before God and live there forever. Martyrdom was a quick way of achieving this eternal salvation. It guaranteed redemption for all sins incurred before death and was a way to provide for the members of the martyr's family, who were then taken care of by the church for the rest of their lives. As a result, martyrdom was eagerly sought, oftentimes by deliberately provoking the Roman authorities.
In the fourth century C.E., as Rome's influence declined, the attitude of the church underwent several changes. The church's attitude toward suicide became progressively more hostile, moving from tentative disapproval to severe denunciation. St. Augustine, writing in The City of God in the fourth century, declared that suicide was murder; that no private person could assume the right to kill anyone, including herself; that suffering is sent by God and is to be endured; and that suicide is the worst of sins because it precludes any possibility of absolution.
A series of church councils in the next several centuries progressively increased the condemnation and punishments with pronouncements denying funeral rights, forbidding burial within church cemeteries, and denying the saying of mass for the deceased. The penalties and the denial of burial rights suggest a reemergence of some of the early pagan horror of such deaths and were the basis for many of the practices that appeared later in many countries, such as desecrating the corpse of a person who committed suicide, mutilating the body, and burying it in a crossroad with a stake through the heart. In the thirteenth century, Thomas Aquinas summarized the position of the church in Summa Theologica. He stated that suicide was absolutely wrong because self-destruction was contrary to a person's natural inclinations; because a person has no right to deprive society of his presence; and because people are God's property so it is up to God, not people, to decide on life and death. Dante's Inferno (part of The Divine Comedy, which was completed in 1321) depicted the attitude of the time by showing the suicides condemned to eternal unrest in the woods of self-destruction.
With the Renaissance and the Reformation of the fifteenth through seventeenth centuries came a marked shift in the attitudes toward suicide. Values in religion began to change as German religious reformer Martin Luther's (1483–1546) arguments emphasized personal inquiry and responsibility and raised questions about the absolutism and obedience demanded by the church. Italy experienced a revival of learning, and a number of writings helped soften the absolute condemnation of suicide. Among these, English poet John Donne's Biothanatos (1644) is considered the first defense of suicide in English. Shakespeare incorporated fourteen suicides into his eight tragedies. Most of this change took place in the upper classes, with the lower classes remaining staunchly against suicide and continuing the custom of mutilation of the corpse all the way into the nineteenth century. The Industrial Revolution of the eighteenth century and the rise of commercialism resulted in a drastic change in the attitude of society toward the poor. Economic failure became a mark of sin, with the good being rewarded with prosperity and the poor becoming social and moral outcasts. In a 1732 incident, Richard and Bridget Smith killed their daughter and hanged themselves, leaving a bitter note blaming their fear of worsening poverty.
Writers and philosophers in this period through the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries (later known as the Enlightenment) wrote learned discourses on suicide. Some of these were sympathetic and focused on the rights of the individual. Such works included the English clergyman Robert Burton's Anatomy of Melancholy (1621) and the Scottish philosopher and historian David Hume's An Essay on Suicide (1783). Others held to the familiar arguments of duty to the state, the virtue of suffering, responsibility to the family, and the preservation of life as a primary law of nature. Among this group of writings was the German philosopher Immanuel Kant's The Metaphysics of Ethics.
The last half of the eighteenth century and the first half of the nineteenth became known as the Romantic Age because of the impact the Romantic poets of that era had on the concept of death. The suicide by poison of the English poet Thomas Chatterton (1752–1770) at age seventeen was taken as a model—premature death in blazing genius— in which youth, death, and poetry became synonymous. According to George Howe Colt, writing in his 1991 book The Enigma of Suicide, "The poetic sensibility was too good for this world; it was best to burn brightly and to die young, like a shooting star" (Colt 1991, p. 81).
The greatest change in the nineteenth century was the association of the word disgrace, a social value, with suicide. Survivors felt disgraced and the status of the family in the community sank. As suicide became more and more associated with mental illness, it was more often hidden, especially among the upper classes. The family thus often had the dismal choice of identifying their suicidal beloved one as either a weak sinner or a disturbed lunatic. Debates about social responsibilities versus individual rights and about the relationship between civilization and mental illness became common.
Studies appeared in two major domains— statistical (social) and medical (at first neurobiological and later psychological). Relationships between suicide and epidemiological factors, such as age, sex, marital status, socioeconomic class, occupation, and climate, were investigated. Some studies of suicide explored possible links of social factors with physiological symptoms (e.g., pulmonary conditions, cancer); others linked the social factors with behavioral and relational factors (e.g., trouble at home, intense worry, poverty, misery, alcoholism). French physician Jean-Étienne Esquirol, author of Mental Maladies (1838), maintained that suicide was almost always a symptom of insanity but was not a disease per se. Italian physician Henry Morselli, author of Suicide: An Essay on Comparative Moral Statistics (1881), held that suicide was primarily the result of the struggle for life and nature's evolutionary process. He concluded that suicide could be lessened only by reducing the number of people, and that could be accomplished only through birth control. Morselli blamed Protestantism, free discussion, and individualism for the increasing number of suicides.
Near the end of the nineteenth century, Émile Durkheim's Suicide (1897) established the field of sociology by offering the first comprehensive theory of suicide. Durkheim's theory postulated that two basic social forces exist and interact within any society—regulation and integration. Societies that were chaotic and confused produced "anomic" suicides; societies characterized by excessive constraints were likely to develop "fatalistic" suicides; societies in which the individual felt alienated and separate would have "egoistic" suicides; and in societies in which there was overidentification with the values or causes of a person's group, the suicides would be "altruistic." Durkheim's theory stimulated a continuing array of sociologicalstatistical investigations. It has been modified in innumerable ways, none of which seriously challenged his basic underlying theory.
The early twentieth century was distinguished by the radical new innovations introduced into the field of psychiatry by psychoanalysis, especially in the study of the motivations and dynamics of suicide. The psychoanalytic approach of the Austrian neurologist Sigmund Freud delved into the individual searching for hidden conflicts, repressed memories, and complex defenses in a proposed new conceptual structuring of the personality into three layers: id, ego, and superego. Freud's first formulation of suicide, found in his essay "Mourning and Melancholia," developed from his studies of melancholia and depression. In this work, Freud contended that suicide resulted from rage originally directed against a loved one but now acted out on an image of that person that has been incorporated into the self. Not completely satisfied with this formulation, Freud later proposed, in his book Beyond the Pleasure Principle (1922), that suicide was an expression of the death instinct (Thanatos), which existed in continuous conflict with the life instinct (Eros), and which became more powerful in situations of extreme emotional distress.
The American psychiatrist Karl Menninger, in his 1938 book Man against Himself, extended Freud's concept of the death instinct and hypothesized that three elements exist in constantly shifting patterns in all self-destructive behavior—the wish to kill, the wish to be killed, and the wish to die. Other psychoanalysts formulated theories consistent with their own concepts of the important elements in personality development.
Investigations into the problems of suicide continued through the first half of the twentieth century with relatively little interest professionally or concern by the public, despite suicide as a mode of death appearing consistently in the list of the top ten causes of death in the United States. The establishment in 1958 of the Los Angeles Suicide Prevention Center, which provided a model for immediate consultation, guidance, and assistance to the suicidal person in the community by means of the telephone, initiated a belated reawakening of interest in the phenomenon. Since then, activity in the field has grown exponentially with the founding of various national professional associations, an international association, and several professional journals that publish articles primarily on suicide. Research is exploring various aspects of suicide with questions that sound strikingly similar to the questions raised in previous centuries. These questions are epidemiological, demographic, biological, constitutional, neurological, psychiatric, psychological, psychodynamic, and sociocultural in nature, and the questions explore such areas as mental illness, prevention, public health, individual rights, family obligations, treatment, and survivor relationships. The sinner/criminal suicide of yesterday is recognized today as a complex, multi-faceted biopsychosociocultural phenomenon.
Suicide prevention involves actions to intervene in an individual's suicidal pattern or mindset as well as a variety of public health measures to reduce the incidence of suicidal behavior in a community. There are many ways to prevent suicides. Suicides are the result of a combination of multiple risk factors, including mental disorders, personal characteristics, inadequate coping skills, and environmental variables, such as recent losses, lack of social support, and availability of lethal means. Any activities that help reduce risk factors, such as treating mental disorders and psychiatric difficulties, increase one's ability to cope with stressful situations and problems. Preventing or treating alcoholism and drug abuse and ensuring that people develop good social support systems have some effect in preventing suicides. National strategies that focus upon decreasing the number of deaths by suicide in a country generally take a combined approach, in which various types of complementary programs and services are provided in order to decrease the incidence of suicide.
Suicide prevention may focus on primary prevention, which involves developing skills or reducing risk factors in order to prevent people from becoming suicidal. Primary prevention strategies can either focus on an entire population or specific high-risk groups. An example of a primary prevention program that focuses on the general population is National Suicide Prevention Week—a week of activities in which media reports and a publicity campaign focus on teaching the general population how to get help, give help, or identify suicide risk. Another example of primary prevention for a large population is a high school program, in which teachers, support staff, and students learn about suicide, particularly how to know when a student is at risk and how to find and use available resources for oneself and for others.
Some primary prevention strategies focus on suicide, such as in the previous example of a high school suicide prevention program. However, many primary prevention strategies do not focus directly on suicide but are concerned more with general risk factors, such as poor coping skills or stress related to school examinations. For example, research studies indicate that adolescents who attempt suicide have fewer coping strategies than adolescents who do not attempt suicide. The Reaching Young Europe program, called "Zippy and Friends," is offered by the Partnership for Children in different European countries. As a twenty-four-week program, it focuses upon teaching coping skills to young children. Although suicide is not mentioned in this program, it is assumed that children who can better cope with everyday problems will eventually be at lower risk of suicide because problematic situations will not become so severe that they will consider detrimental behavior or engage in behavior to end their own lives.
Primary prevention strategies that focus on high-risk groups try to identify people who are more likely to commit or attempt suicide. For example, high-risk groups include persons in custody, young gays and lesbians, persons who previously attempted suicide, and persons with mental health disorders, notably mood disorders such as depression, as well as schizophrenia, and alcoholism. Sometimes prevention programs for high-risk groups focus on all people in that risk group. For example, a program for Native people may focus upon the entire community and aim to develop better intergenerational cooperation and establish an identity using role models from traditional Native practices.
Public education programs generally focus on reducing the stigma associated with seeking treatment and providing social support for those who are depressed and suicidal. They may involve a popular spokesperson who is open and frank and whose discussions of suicide may encourage others to seek professional help and talk about their problems with friends and loved ones.
Secondary prevention strategies involve interventions with people who are already suicidal or at high risk of suicide in order to reduce the probability that they will commit suicide. Suicide prevention hotlines and telephone crisis intervention services are regularly available in most developed countries and many less developed parts of the world. These centers vary from "active listening" services, where people can talk about any problem, to more specifically focused suicide prevention organizations that evaluate suicidal risk and urgency in all calls and focus their efforts on helping suicidal persons, friends and family members of suicidal persons, and sometimes persons bereaved by suicide. They are generally based upon the belief that suicide is a means of coping with a seemingly impossible and interminable situation or problem and suicidal people are ambivalent about using suicide as a solution.
Ambivalence in the suicide-prone is expressed in their desire to seek some other means of diminishing their anguish or problems. This leads them to contact a telephone help line. Suicide prevention help lines generally begin by assessing the urgency of the situation, that is, whether or not the person is likely to commit or attempt suicide in the near future. If the urgency is high, trained personnel may then focus upon seeking short-term solutions, such as sending an ambulance during an attempt or getting immediate help in a crisis situation. If the urgency is less high, they may focus upon exploring alternative means to resolve the caller's problems, or they may simply offer compassionate empathic listening. It is assumed that being able to talk about one's problems with a compassionate stranger helps the callers better understand what is going on, feel better about themselves, and encourages them to learn about other services that are available in their community. There is evidence that hotlines do help many callers. Although it is difficult to prove, studies indicate that help lines prevent suicide attempts and completed suicides.
There is substantial evidence that reducing the availability and lethality of means of suicide has a preventive effect. The risk of suicide in a home where there is a firearm is five or six times greater than in a home without guns. Countries that have adopted strict gun control regulations appear to have reduced suicide rates. Although someone who is determined to commit suicide can always find some means of completing the suicide, some people prefer certain methods and are less likely to kill themselves if those methods are not readily available. Furthermore, in a crisis situation, the availability of lethal means greatly increases the probability that a death by suicide will occur. Reducing the availability of means is not limited to gun control or making sure that firearms are taken out of the home of someone who is suicidal. Other prevention methods include constructing barriers on bridges to prevent people from jumping, constructing "suicide pits" beneath the rails of subway train lines so that people who jump in front of trains are less likely to be killed, and educating parents to dispose of potentially lethal medications in the homes of suicidal teenagers.
One of the most promising methods of suicide prevention is what is called "gatekeeper" training. Gatekeepers are people who may come into contact with suicidal individuals in their daily work, such as clergy, police officers, custodial personnel, teachers and school personnel, and physicians. Very often, these individuals receive little or no specific training in the identification of suicide risk and how to help suicidal individuals. Gatekeeper training involves not only information about assessing risk and intervening with suicidal people, but generally provides information on referral and help available from other services within their community, including treatment of depression, alcoholism, and drug abuse.
There has been much public health interest in training physicians to identify suicidal individuals and depression. This interest was enhanced by results from the Island of Gotland in Sweden, where a physician training program focusing upon the recognition and treatment of depression and suicide was evaluated. This training program resulted in increased identification and treatment of depression and a decrease in suicides on the island. Research has shown that as many as 50 percent of those who commit suicide consult a physician in the month before their deaths. For this reason, physician training is considered an important means of suicide prevention.
People who attempt suicide are at least a hundred times at greater risk of a future suicide attempt and dying by suicide than persons who have never attempted suicide. Suicide attempters who are treated in hospitals often do not appear for their first or second outpatient appointment after they leave the hospital. There are few follow-up programs that focus upon changing the circumstances that contribute to the increased risk of suicide before an attempt. One of the problems with the follow-up of those who have attempted suicide is lack of coordination and collaboration between different community services and agencies. In many suicide prevention centers, over 50 percent of callers also receive professional mental health services, but there is often little communication or collaboration between the different agencies. National strategies for suicide prevention often focus upon coordination of all services within a community and the development of protocols for collaboration to facilitate referrals between agencies.
When a suicide occurs in a school or at the workplace, there is an increased risk of another suicide or suicides occurring in the same environment. Public health officials have developed several programs to prevent the so-called contagion of suicide following such events. It is usually thought that the risk of more suicides increases because people who are bereaved by suicide are more vulnerable. Also, there is a tendency to identify with the suicide victim and fantasize about obtaining all the attention that the suicide provoked. For these reasons, several programs have been developed to prevent increased suicidal behavior in schools or workplaces where a suicide has occurred. These programs usually involve offering help to those who are troubled by the suicidal death and helping educate people about the nature of suicide and the resources for prevention. In any program following a suicide (often called "postvention programs") it is important to be aware that too much public attention to the event may help glorify the suicide in the eyes of vulnerable suicidal people. Successful programs do not have a fixed agenda about how to deal with a suicide event, but rather emphasize an understanding of the individual needs of people who were exposed to the suicide. They also focus on the need of family and friends to grieve in an appropriate manner.
Suicide is an intentional behavior whose expression is greatly influenced by the cultural milieu. In some cultures suicides are common; in others they are rare. Although in Western cultures men commit suicide more often than women, there are areas of the world, such as China, where a significant portion of suicides are by women who do not want to be a financial burden to their families. In some cultures, including the United States and Canada, some people have killed themselves in a copycat manner following the publicized suicide of a rock star. The option of killing oneself under specific circumstances is acquired at a young age. In each culture, children learn when and how people kill themselves. In most Western countries children's first experiences with suicide are from exposure to television and other media depictions of fictional suicides and suicide threats, including suicides in popular cartoons. One may ask if it is possible to prevent suicides within a society by modifying the way the option of suicide is transmitted from generation to generation and changing attitudes and knowledge about suicide within the society.
A large body of research has shown that media depictions of suicides result in an increase in suicidal behavior by those who identify with the suicide victim. The emphasis in research on media
The East Japan Railway Company installed a large, stainless steel mirror in one of its Tokyo subway stations to prevent suicidal passengers from leaping onto the tracks. The purpose of this innovative method of prevention is to make people see their reflection in the mirror and think again about their suicidal behavior.
and suicide has generally been negative: that is, it explores how media, such as television, newspapers, and the cinema, actually increase the incidence of suicide. There have been no studies of how the media may help prevent suicide. Researchers question if it is possible to reduce suicidal behavior in a society by developing media depictions and social campaigns that aim to change attitudes about the acceptability of suicide. These "positive" advertising campaigns are represented by National Suicide Prevention Days or Suicide Prevention Weeks, in which there is an objective of educating the population about the tragedy of suicide and how suicide may be prevented. Evaluations of the Quebec Suicide Prevention Week indicate that this national educational campaign's target population retained the positive messages the campaign conveyed. Although it is difficult to change attitudes and beliefs in a society, they can change over time. For example, the twentieth century has seen impressive changes in attitudes toward women's rights, women's participation in society, and sex role stereotypes. Similarly, one could imagine that attitudes toward suicide as an acceptable "way out" in certain circumstances could change if appropriate actions were taken to educate the population and influence how suicide is perceived.
Murphy, George E. "The Physician's Responsibility for Suicide: Errors of Omission." Annals of Internal Medicine 82 (1975):305–309.
World Health Organization. Preventing Suicide: A Resource for Primary Health Care Workers. Geneva: Author, 2001.
Suicide is a rare event. Most suicidal people find other solutions to their problems and do not attempt or commit suicide. Because of the large number of suicidal persons and small number of suicides, individual suicides are impossible to predict in a reliable manner. However, there are a number of warning signs that can help determine if a person is at risk. Many more people will always be identified as at risk than actually attempt or commit. Since the outcome is irreversible and tragic, it is best to take all indications of suicide risk seriously.
Although people with any characteristics can commit suicide, some people are more at risk of suicide than others. People who can be identified as having the following characteristics are more likely to be suicidal than those of the general population.
Persons with mental disorders or psychiatric problems are at great risk of suicide, particularly those suffering from clinical depression. Alcoholics and drug abusers are another category of individuals at great risk. Suicide risk may be greater for persons who discontinue medication they are taking for mental health problems. People who have previously attempted suicide are at greater risk of attempting suicide again than those persons who have never attempted suicide, primarily because the problems that led to the first attempt may not have been resolved.
People who have experienced a recent major loss, such as death of a close friend or relative, divorce, or separation or loss of a job, are at greater risk that the general populace. Also, people whose close friends have committed suicide or have a family history of suicide are at great risk, as are people who are in physical ill health.
It is rare that a person who attempts or completes a suicide does not give prior indications of his or her suicidal intentions. This is because relatively few persons who commit suicide do so impulsively without having thought about ending their own lives beforehand for days, weeks, or months. Suicides rarely occur because of a sudden traumatic event. However, people at risk of suicide who experience a sudden traumatic event are at much greater risk of ending their lives at that time.
People who are suicidal are often seen as having changed their personality or humor recently. Changes include depression or apathy, pessimism, irritability, or "not seeming to be themselves." There may be changes in eating patterns (eating much more or stopping eating) and sleeping habits (sleeping much more or being unable to sleep, particularly waking up early and not being able to get back to sleep).
Suicidal people often feel lonely, misunderstood, helpless, hopeless, worthless or ashamed, guilty, and/or full of hate for themselves. These feelings are not normal, even for a person who has a mental disorder or psychiatric illness. They are indications that something is desperately wrong.
Any behavior that may be interpreted as "preparing" for death may be an indication of suicidal intent. For example, suicidal persons may put their personal affairs in order and update or write a will. Even more direct preparations include giving away important objects (particularly if the person makes statements like, "I won't need them anymore" or "I don't care about them anymore"). Sometimes people say good-bye or express feelings in a way they never did before (e.g., "I never really told you how much I care about you; I just wanted you to know").
Another danger sign of suicide is a preoccupation or interest in obtaining means for killing oneself. The purchase of a gun or getting hold of potentially lethal medications may be an indication of suicidal intent. Tying nooses in a rope or occupying dangerously high places are other possible indicators. Some people review web sites that provide information about how to kill oneself, or investigate what constitutes a lethal dose of medication. These and other dangerous behaviors are important indications that a suicide might be imminent. Some suicidal people write suicide notes that they may leave around where others might see them. Leaving a suicide note where it can be found beforehand or making "obvious" preparations may be interpreted as an expression of the suicidal person's ambivalence. Although the person intends to die, there is also some hope that someone will find the note or identify the risk and help find a solution to his or her problems before a suicide attempt.
Most suicidal persons express their suicidal intentions to others beforehand. These expressions may be in the form of direct suicide threats ("I can't stand it and I'm going to kill myself") or they may be much less direct ("Sometimes I think it's not worth going on"). Suicidal persons may be indirect in the communication of their intent because they are afraid of how a friend or family member will react. Depending upon the reaction, they may continue to confide their thoughts and plans or they may change the subject.
Whenever a person gives some of the above indications that he or she may be suicidal, others may be of great help if they talk to the person about how he or she is feeling. Unfortunately, most people hesitate to ask questions or talk about suicide because they are afraid that they will say or do the wrong thing. Often they feel that they may make things worse or even cause someone who is vulnerable to get the idea to commit suicide. However, mental health practitioners maintain that this does not happen. Suicide is not something someone can suggest by asking questions about what a person is thinking and feeling and whether or not a person is thinking about suicide. Conversations about suicide serve the purpose of communicating to a person who is considering whether or not he or she should end life that someone else is interested in helping—despite the fact that the suicidal person is thinking of doing something that most people find unable to speak about. Most people feel quite relieved that they are able to talk openly about suicide and the problems they are having.
Discussions about suicide should focus on resources the person already has available. Does the person have a confident or friends with whom he/she can talk about the problem or get help? Is the suicidal individual seeing a mental health professional or other health care provider who can be of help? Conversations can be helpful if they explore alternative ways to help with the situation.
When confronted with a suicidal person, mental health practitioners uphold that it is important to stay calm and listen empathically to what the person is saying. Despite the possibility that the attempt may not be serious or the person may be manipulative, it is important to take the situation seriously and to ask questions to find out how serious the intentions really are. Friends and helpers should ask specific questions about risk factors such as previous attempts and mental health problems. Generally, people who know when and how they are going to commit suicide are at much greater risk than people whose plans are vague and uncertain. For this reason it is useful to ask if the person has considered how and when he or she plans to commit suicide. Asking such a direct question can do no harm and can provide important information. If the person knows how and has the means at hand, the risk is great and immediate help is needed. If a person has a means of suicide available, such as a firearm or lethal medication, it is important to remove the means from the home. Concerned parties should consult a suicide prevention service or agency or skilled health or mental health care provider who is knowledgeable about suicide. If a person is at high risk, that is, the person appears to be ready to take his or her own life soon, it is best to stay with the person or have someone else stay with the person during this crisis period.
It is not useful to get angry or panic. Nor is it useful to be falsely encouraging by saying things like, "I'm sure that everything will be all right." Also, it is best not to belittle or trivialize the problem by saying, for example, "I'm sure other people have been in much worse situations and they never thought of killing themselves." No matter how unimportant the problems may seem to an outsider, they may be sufficiently serious in the mind of the suicidal person for the person to consider taking his or her own life. A mature listener should not make promises he or she cannot keep or insist that things will change if he or she is not certain. One should not swear to keep secret a person's suicidal intentions. Saving a person's life is more important than betraying a confidence.
Not all suicides are preventable. However, people who give indications that they are suicidal usually experience great ambivalence about whether they should kill themselves or not. If a person wants to commit suicide without telling anyone or indicating what he or she intends to do, there is nothing anyone can do to prevent it. However, people who do give indications that they are suicidal, despite their insistence that they must complete this act, are generally experiencing ambivalence about whether or not this is the only way to stop their anguish or painful situation. In these circumstances it is important to talk with the person and offer help so that the ambivalence against committing suicide may be strengthened in the short term by the presence of a caring friend. However, in the long run suicidal persons need to take steps to resolve underlying problems. This may involve starting or continuing help from a mental health professional, trying to resolve a drinking or drug problem, or learning to expand coping skills. Identifying suicide risk and offering help is the first step in the process of helping suicidal individuals decrease their risk of suicidal behavior.
Flying the catkins bound to Beijing's summer-like menacing,Coach Outlet Online often soared to 23 degrees of small sunny days people have a trace of summer.Coach Outlet Online Refreshing colors bring refreshing mood,Michael Kors Outlet Stores well deserved nature is the summer of nature - green.Michael Kors Factory Outlet Mint green,adidas yeezy boost malleon green,the north face outlet green grass ...Coach Factory Outlet ... there is always a favorite of you,Coach Outlet and now look at this summer can not miss these green wear way.Michael Kors Handbags Green sling deep V dress and wide leg pants combination,cheap ray ban sunglasses so that the body is more slender,oakley sungalsses stripes pattern also played a self-cultivation effect.ray ban sungalsses How to interpret the green,Jordan Shoes the problem is equivalent to how to interpret the summer.Oakley Sunglasses Outlet Always as a color to accompany the appearance of the green, Michael Kors Outlet if it is cleverly into the wear and wear,kate spade outlet like the phrase gently dazzle,Ray Ban Sunglasses bring infinite wonderful experience,Tory Burch Outlet refreshing at the same time,Ray Ban Outlet Online but also refreshing their own summer!Coach Outlet Online Winter you see the green flight jacket,Burberry Outlet Store now let us look at fashion embellishment of this matter,Michael Kors Handbags green in the summer can do something,Oakley Outlet Windbreaker + green dress + small white shoes + Messenger bag,ralph lauren outlet to create an orderly sense of hierarchy.Polo Ralph Lauren Outlet Red serpentine boots with green bags and green striped shirt,Christian Louboutin Shoes handsome and beautiful!coach outlet online Gigi Hadid wearing orange sweater Coach Factory Outlet Online with green pants and flat slippers,kate spade handbags ladies temperament revealed a sports Fan children,Coach Outlet Official mix and match is also beautiful!nike shoes Striped shirt + army green Slogan letter Tee,true religion green bag + patent leather boots,Michael kors outlet would like to cool all hard.Swarovski Crystal Speaking of colorful,Salvatore Ferragamo Outlet may be associated with the rainbow,michael kors online or seven seven eighty-eight color.Coach Outlet Store Today,Michael Kors Outlet I would say that green is colorful.Michael Kors Outlet Dark, light,Ray Ban Sunglasses Outlet peacock green,Kate Spade Handbags fluorescent green,Tory Burch Shoes military green, dark green,Coach factory Outlet glimpse soon!Oakley Sunglasses Outlet Bright green printing deep V dress,longchamp handbags outlet which with a white T,Moncler Outlet no sense of violation.Cheap Ray Ban Sunglasses Fashion instant sense set out!Coach Outlet Store Online Peacock green is too charming,Michael Kors Outlet Online dressed in blue denim jacket,Michael Kors handbags green print dress with black cool slippers,cheap Jordan shoes retro and fashionable.Jordan shoes Pixie Lott's sleeveless miniskirt,true religion this green is a bit special,Ray-Ban Sunglasses Outlet shallow is more different.Pandora Jewelry Outlet Is it hearting,North Face Outlet Before the summer comes,Timberland Boots Outlet do not keep your wardrobe green! Embroidery patterns have always been on the show field or indispensable elements.Cheap Jordan Shoes It can give a boring dress to bring a trace of vitality,Timberland Outlet Online to the cumbersome dress to add an elegant.Kate Spade Outlet Streamlined heavy industry embroidery Longchamp in recent years began to popular,Pandora Jewelry easy to modern urban life,Polo Ralph Lauren Outlet real wear strong embroidery clothing popular.North Face Outlet This season you can see more embroidery design appear in the coat,Oakley Outlet Store dresses, shoes above.Coach Factory Outlet Designers mainly use the plane,Michael Kors Outlet Online double-sided and three-dimensional embroidery-based.Coach Outlet Store In the choice of decorative coat coat,Tory Burch sale Alexander McQueen,Prada Handbags Outlet Alberta Ferretti prefer solid color with a flat adidas nmd R1 embroidery pattern to be embellished;Michael Kors Outlet and the same coat design, Fendi,tory burch outlet Etro, Erdem, Gucci,nike air max 90 Chloé is another way to open up Out of a flash of the road,oakley outlet they will be embroidered into the rich aristocratic wind,Coach Outlet vintage retro style and exotic national wind and so on.Coach Outlet Store Online In the design of the dress,the north face the designers still Christian Louboutin Shoes prefer the three-dimensional embroidery can bring in the formal occasions exaggerated dazzling effect.Polo Outlet Try to add embroidery elements in different styles,Fitflop Sale and perhaps it can bring you more unexpected wonderful.Speaking of the 80s,Coach Factory Outlet Online that mother's clothes on Coach Outlet the exaggerated shoulder Timberland Outlet pads do not know michael kors outlet if you still remember,Michael Kors Online like the wider Coach Outlet Clearance the wider the larger Coach Outlet online the larger the shoulder.Christian Louboutin Outlet Later, once,Kate Spade Handbags wide shoulders were Red Bottom Shoes completely into the limbo,Michael Kors Factory Outlet Online more and more falling coat began to appear, fashion seems to change does not look so much. Until the past two years,Oakley Sunglasses it seems that Coach Outlet Online the action on the shoulderOakley Sunglasses Outlet has become a common Coach Outlet Online pursuit of designers,Ray Ban Sunglasses such as coach Michael Kors Outlet Online a few years ago outMichael Kors Outlet Online of the horn sleeves,Oakley Sunglasses which is also a wide shoulder characteristics of a profile.Coach Outlet In the treatment of the the north face outlet shoulder is not all Michael Kors Outlet of a sudden too exaggerated,true religion jeans outlet soft still soft,Ray Ban Sunglasses Outlet but not too delicate,adidas nmd in the feminist boom nike outlet of the moment,Polo Outlet to the slightest bit of the integration of fashion began to have a sense of the times.ray ban outlet online But also the same minimalism,kate spade handbags but in the wide Michael Kor Factory Outlet shoulder into coach outlet the next seems to make women more powerful sense,Michael Kors Outlet as the art of Ferragamo Shoes sculpture in general,Cheap Jordans enough to feel good Michael Kors Outlet and not feel Coach Outlet Store Online too strong sense.Pandora Bracelets This is more exaggerated,Longchamp Outlet even if the treatment of oakley outlet online the waist so that the proportion is still reasonable,Timberland although it is very yeezy boost 350 fashionable enough interesting,Michael Kors Outlet Online but the fit is ray ban sunglasses outlet not suitable for everyday,Coach Outlet presumably still have reservations.coach factory outlet Autumn and winter nike shoes show on the shoulders Michael Kors Outlet Online of the shoulder to polo outlet do a wide shoulder in the elaborate tory burch outlet under the elaborate fabric,Ray Ban Outlet even if it has been advocating cheap Jordan feminine you can try to see.North Face Jackets Outlet However,cheap oakley sungalsses you are tangled in Coach Outlet Store Online the end of the end should not put on Moncler Jackets Outlet a wide shoulder jacket out of the street,Air Jordans the other side has long been rushing to retro jordan shoes the now fashionable wide shoulder North Face Jackets jacket to wear the body,Ray Ban Sunglasses on which coat which sell the best brand,oakley sunglasses outlet this Very 80's wave of wide-brimmed jacket to tory burch sale a high-end and no sense of street posture,Polo Ralph Lauren Outlet it is very consistent with the young people are keen to Coach Outlet express their own personality attitude. Almost all the fashion now launched by the exaggerated wide shoulder shape interpretation of the times,Tory Burch Outlet Store such as coach these season launched the claw sleeves,Fitflop Sandals she has long been through similar models,Michael Kors Bags Outlet people have to sigh,Polo Ralph Lauren Outlet Store we are now fashionable Coach Factory Outlet people do not Dare to hold the personality of the jacket,Tory Burch Outlet Store at the time 80 simple Michael Kors Bags but was wearing a very daily,Prada Handbags like the integration into the personality of the general.Kate Spade Handbags Outlet European royal family wearing a wide shoulder this thing is still quite common,Coach Factory Outlet after all,north face jackets the shoulder design allows a person to true religion outlet look more spirit and gas field. Therefore,kate spade outlet we can almost see all the royal family members to attend formal occasions rarely wear a shoulder jacket.Pandora Jewelry And on the wide shoulders, but also a generation of fashion idol Princess Diana will be interpreted on their own high-level elegant soul.Ray Ban Sunglasses Since the upper body has been enough exaggeration, then pay attention to the emphasis on only one principle,longchamp handbags on the wide under the tight, with the basic section of pants type,Burberry Outlet it is enough to highlight the overall fashion attitude.Swarovski Jewelry Outlet The suit is reminiscent of wearing clothes in the father's closet.
The Blogisattvas, like the Oscars, are late arrivals, but both are coming soon in the wake of great years in the buddhoblogosphere and the multiplex, respectively.
At right is the 2008 logo for the Blogisattva Awards: A person rejoicing at the high-quality post he is reading while meditating.
The 2010 Blogisattva Awards have been announced! Check the awards table for the results. You can follow us on twitter @Blogisattva to keep up to date on the awards.
Blogisattva: a portmanteau combining the English word for 'blog' [which is 'blog'] with the Sanscrit word for 'being' [which is 'sattva']. The letter 'i' is used as caulk to hold the word-tiles together. Thus, Blogisattva means BLOG BEING.
If you would like to contact us you can reach us at this email address with any questions, comments or concerns.
In hopes of highlighting blogs you may or may not know, please check out the "Blog Of The Day". The blogs are randomly chosen by a script, no human involvement (except plugging all the addresses into said script).
tammet that with have when They just what year would there this savant life about savants time text like Always
never lyrics tomorrow comes that Much every LOVED index were love only world must without face last enough Gonna lost
about also answers associations because been books business camera capacity charge charging comes daniel digicam disk drive earth editor education every feedback feel files folder from geek Grammar great have head high historic http images index ipowerus jdiskreport just know language left libraries lifehacker like lists lost love LOVED more news None numbers online only other pages past people powerex privacy public records right says seconds Seems site sort spacemonger states stories submit tammet than that their them there these They this through time tomorrow under usage used very Went were westlife what when will WinDirStat with world year your
WHO ethical and safety recommendations for researching, documenting and monitoring sexual violence in emergencies
Note! Xbox Live Card will extend your Gold subscription for 12 months. You may not be able to use this code if has 30 or less days left. We advise to wait until expires and then code. Please activate key here : https: redeem.microsoft.com
My Lisa expose Sexy - One day she came to me asking whether she looks sexy when expose naked on the camera. After seeing the result I told her that it's a real sexy pics. What do you think?
OK. Here I post some of her showing other angles. Sorry, but can't show her face. She lovs your good comments, and we can make more pictures.
retro beach natural boob video galleries Corine likes to expose on parkings. Her favourite clothes pvc underwear and latex. Sometimes she gives a show in her car while voyeurs are spying her. It turns her on
Yo Kate & June, here are some photos of an ex. Please post in the private section & call them "Leas First". Come on June, show us a little.
OK...I couldn't resist one more. This one is a previous post but I love the way my kitty lips hang. It makes me so wet know you all are looking at me;-)
retro plage natural boob mp4 galleriesHi to everyone at redclouds. One fan wrote me asking what I do to turn him on...it is relatively simple for me...I masturbate while he watches and it gets him going. hugs and kisses ~~~
guy on left is hot, seen him suck boys cocks and fuck their arse in loads of bi film. funny sign on wall in back
Dimply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry’s standard dumy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries.imply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry […]
Oui mais le dernier film a préféré lancé la piste du Neville/Luna (même si rien n'indique qu'ils se sont mariés pour autant).
– In its latest upgrade, and as the result of efforts by the government and the banking system aimed at improving Iran’s economy, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) improved the county’s ranking in terms of export credit risk from 6 to 5; the last upgrade was done in June 2016 where the country’s rate was reduced from 7 to 6. Measuring the country’s risk as well as the likelihood that it lowers the volume of its external debt, this index employs 8 categories, including IMF reports on the country’s economic conditions and foreign exchange reserves. Lowering the cost of attracting foreign finance, it will also play a major part in attracting foreign investments and export credits.
– Following the recent FX upward trend in Iran’s Economy, the USD/IRR started a rally on Sunday to surpass 46,400 level, going up by IRR 950, pushing the IRR towards record lows falling 1.4% just in a matter of few days. Euro and British Pound also took a hike against IRR to stand at 58,500 and 63,390 levels respectively. Analysts attribute such a sharp rise, with global markets closed, to USD fluctuations’ effect on other currencies. With the two out of the 3 major factors affecting the foreign exchange rate in Iran, i.e. crude oil price, GDP and money supply growth, increasing, it seems that the money supply is pressuring the forex market the most.
– On Sunday, the governor of the Central Bank of Iran (CBI) announced Iran’s Economy Growth in the first half of the current year. With a 4.6% growth in Q1 and a 4.4% growth in Q2, the country has gone through a 4.5% growth in the said period; previously, the Statistical Center of Iran had reported a 5.6% growth for the similar period; this report had announced Q1 and Q2 growth rates at 6.2% and 5.2%, respectively. The following table draws a picture of the experienced growth in the country:
– World Bank forecasted Iran’s Economy to go through a 4% and 4.3% growth in 2018 and 2019, respectively; rather similar rate has also been proposed for 2020. Despite predicting higher investment growth, the estimated lower oil revenues intensified with more restrictions on having access to finance are said as the major barriers ahead Iran economy taking off. In this regard and with boom in the country’s growth in mind, the private sector has stressed on following the paths paved by other countries with currently notable economic achievements which have been in the same state before, such as China, South Korea and Malaysia.
– Iran and East leasing company is to issue new corporate Sukuk Musharaka on Iran Fara Bourse from Monday (Jan 15th) with a nominal rate of 18%. This securities worth IRR 240,000 mn (cUSD 5.5 mn), will be mature in 48 months and have monthly coupon payments. The raised capital from this offering will be used to finance housing facilities department. As of today there are 29 Sukuk securities trading on both TSE and Iran Fara Bourse markets. It shall be noted that since the first day of Sukuk issuance on Iran’s Capital Market, there were 18 corporate issues worth IRR 16,000 bn which have been settled right on time.
– Just the other day another issue of Iranian government Islamic treasury bills got listed on Iran Fara Bourse. Like others, TB151 is to settle the administration’s debt to contractors. The issue size hovers around USD 436.8 mn (IRR 19,000 bn) and the offering will be at a discount to par. Today all 19 mn of said securities has been offered to public and price at IRR 894,766 with a YTM of 16.09% and BEY of 15.01%.
– From the beginning of the current Iranian year (March 21st, 2017) to date, Tehran Stock Exchange and Iran Fara Bourse issuers paid a figure of IRR 248,000 bn (cUSD 5.77 bn) in cash dividends to their investors which made the DPS average equal to IRR 267. Moreover, the net profit (loss) of the Iranian listed companies reached IRR 476,917 bn on November 2017 showing IRR 17,272 bn (Ave. IRR 355 per share) raise contrary to the previous month.
– The Central Bank of Iran’s Vice Governor estimated Iran’s Economy to experience a 4-5% growth until the end of the current year, which mostly seems to derive from the increased non-oil export. Growth in oil production and export after the lifting of sanctions had brought about the 12.5% growth in the prior year.
– Today the initial offering of cUSD 24.1 bn worth Sukuk Murabaha for Kerman Motor Co. takes place on Iran Fara Bourse for three consecutive days. This securities are to provide working capital to the company and has a nominal yield of 17% with coupons to be paid quarterly with a maturity of 24 months. This is another piece of corporate debt securities on Iran capital market with settlement period of T+1.
– In an attempt to provide Government Trading Corporation Of Iran enough funds required for wheat purchases, the ministry of economic affairs and finance sold IRR 20,000 bn (USD 491.5 mn) worth of Sukuk Murabaha on Iran Fara Bourse the other day. The securities have maturity of 4 years with a nominal rate of 17% per annum and the coupons will be paid semi-annually by Central Securities Depository of Iran.
The grand opening is set for March 8th, and everyone who shows up that day get a choice of a half-pound pulled pork or prime grade beef brisket with a side and a fountain drink - FREE!
We're thrilled to announce our second restaurant's grand opening is March 8th! Located on Columbia Center across from Red Robin. We want to thank the community for all the support by doing something over the top crazy. Yes, we're feeding everyone who shows up on March 8th for FREE! That's a half pound of pulled pork or Prime grade beef brisket with a side and fountain drink FOR FREE.
We need YOUR help! Please LIKE and SHARE this post and tag all your friends. This is a huge step for our business and family! We're counting on all of you to spread the word of REAL barbecue and make our grand opening a day to remember! Let's show the Tri-Cities that local restaurants are where it's at!
We've come a long ways from our little food truck. We owe so much to all of you for literally making a dream come true! We're committed now more than ever to constantly bring you the best barbecue!
I think it's a great way to celebrate the success and launch a new location - you can get more details on the grand opening here
The fiasco of french website France.fr reveals that it's urgent for France to have a CTO and invest in technology.
The picture book of the well-known "Paul" series is brought to live on the iPad. Each page reveals small details that are animated by the touch of your finger. The added sound atmospheres and other funny sounds will keep the little explorer entertained while discovering Paul's world.
"Paul does not need his Pacifier anymore" is also available as a picture book published by are Edition!
Mimicking the layout of Hohner's iconic Corona Classic diatonic accordion, this intuitive virtual accordion app feature a super responsive, three-row fingerboard that plays and sounds like the traditional instrument and now plays in all three of the most popular tones: EAD (Mi), FBbEb (Fa), and GCF (Sol).
Touch the sliders icon at the upper right side of the screen to bring up the controls where you can select the tone (EAD, FBbEb, or GCF) and control the volume and reverb settings.
The Hohner Mini-Squeezebox app allow musicians to practice chord combinations, scales, and songs on-the-go. Headphones can be used for private practice, or the audio output of the virtual accordion can be amplified by plugging into computer speakers, or other sound enhancing devices.
This app is ideal for the beginning student or professional musician who needs a simple carry-on companion to compliment his or her actual accordion. While not meant to be a replacement for a real accordion, the app is a convenient and easy tool for practicing, learning, or teaching.
Touch the mixer icon at the upper right to bring up the control screen where you can select the tone and control the volume and reverb.
Our Multi Purpose Play Areas are manufactured from a heavy duty grid system for robust and durable games applications and are designed to comply with the requirements of the PAS 30 specification.
Supplied in a range of standard RAL colours and standard heights, the Multi Purpose Play Area is ideal for any recreational sports location, playground facility, council project or school application.
The complete play areas can be enclosed using the heavy duty grid panels to give a highly durable and built to last system or alternatively the Twin Bar Super Rebound panels can be installed.
I saw her fucking with a very old man in another video but I don't remember where. Help me, please !
Link: www.porn unlock .com - All premium porn sites in one place! Brazzzers, Mofos, Reality Kings and any other for you! Hot video!
Hi, This are some of the last photos I have done of my wife. She's french, and 27 years old. We hope you'll enjoy. Send us your comments...
Unique indoor/outdoor quiet artist working/storage space on Spring St, in the City of Newburgh's historic district. Adjacent to professional artist studio.
When people love others, they become weaker, but it is nothing to be ashamed of. True weakness lies elsewhere.
Large PornTube174; is a free porn site featuring a lot of Hook up porn moroccan only dating site. New videos added every day. Call of Duty: Black Ops II Update 3 info: December 14, 2012 Update for Singleplayer, Penguin carbon dating, and Zombies.
Global Changes: Improved … POF Canada is the best Canada dating site. Plenty Of Fish Canada provides a great site to meet online singles for free. Create your POF account today. Mature, Free and Single morocczn a senior dating service for mature singles in Australia. Register for free to find other senior singles and moroccan only dating site over 40s dating Cumbria Family History Society Website.
Moroccan only dating site to 1837, when civil registration started, parish cute things to say when dating are the main source of genealogical information for births. Have you ever met a girl and you moroccan only dating site both clearly interested in seeing each other again, but for some reason you never got her out on the first date.
A tribunal ruling could see employers liable for claims for back pay dating back up to six years. Photograph: Owen HumphreysPA If you like Spider Solitaire youre sure to love these fun games, quizzes, crosswords, sjte puzzles. Play now for free. Only from AARP Connect. Oly. Moroccan only dating site. ProfileDisplay. PDProfileMetaDescription. {{else}} {{if Repurchased}} {{if IsMultiPack}} Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Xating Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift Get the guaranteed best price on Keyboard Amplifiers amp; Noly like the Behringer ULTRATONE K3000FX Keyboard AmpPA System at Musician's Friend.
Morocca a … Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. Zerodegrees is an outstanding bar, lgbt hookup id amp; microbrewery with venues in Blackheath, Bristol, Reading and Cardiff. Serving only the best food and beer. Christian symbols Fish (Ichthus), cross and crucifix. Sponsored link.
The history of the Christian moroccan only dating site symbol: The fish dting is a logical symbol for the early. Information on Polycarp. Avis site rencontre casual dating resided in Asia Minor as bishop of Smyrna and sent an epistle to the Philippians c. 120-140 CE.
Polycarp was martyred c. 155 CE. Watch Mmv Films Speed Dating Ends datimg Czech Orgy online on YouPorn.
Dating law in arizona Dating ladyboys transsexuals in a decent and classy dating site. It's free to sign up and review all our profiles and photos The Gay Man's Guide to Dating After 50 If you're looking for love, these tips will get you headed in the right direction. by Dave Singleton, April 4, 2011 | Comments: 0 The supermodel is a huge NFL fan. Josephine Skriver is a 24-year-old Victorias Secret model from Copenhagen, Denmark. Normally, thats not the recipe for a huge. Carbon dating uses the amount of carbon-14 in a sample to measure its age. 169; 2017 Contenko - Home - About - Contact - Privacy - Terms. Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. Comparison chart of 3 most popular Content Management Systems: WordPress, Drupal and Joomla. Get to know all the pros and cons of each platform. Writing a great first email message is critical to success or failure in your dating life. Learn how to write a better first message in online dating. Jelani Cobb is a staff writer at The New Yorker and the author of The Substance of Hope: Barack Obama and the Paradox of Progress. Read moroccan only dating site 187; Janam Kundli or Horoscope. The moment a baby is born, the moroccan only dating site in the solar system exert their influence on its life. Virtually this influence hookup or hang up the events. RAND is morocxan, nonpartisan, and committed to the public interest and to making our work dating for seniors free to people throughout the world. Over 10,000 research products. Lumina. Put moroccan only dating site sweats and moroccan only dating site quality dating sites uk moroccan only dating site we come over. Skip makeup moroccan only dating site don't do your onlly. It's all okay; we actually like that. You know that Drake song when he says. Learn how moroccan only dating site pick up girls in 7 different situations from 32 world famous dating coaches. Welcome to Fraser Suites Kensington, London, where the romantic elegance of Moroccwn London exudes in the style and comforts of modern age. Our 5 … Relationships 6 New Dating Apps (That Headline examples for online dating Tinder) Worth Trying If you're moroccann to the mobile app dating game or want datimg break from Tinder, try these new services. Dxting Loss Surgery In Hagerstown Md - Moroccan only dating site Range For Non Hdl Cholesterol Weight Loss Surgery In Hagerstown Md Foods To Help Reduce Ldl Cholesterol Cholesterol. UPDATED 22 March 2012 John Paul Vann: American Hero. VIDEO. Rare duke hookup list of Moroccan only dating site at Moroccan only dating site supervising the evacuation there to blunt the 1972 Easter Invasion by the NVA Free Porn, Free Sex, XXX, Free XXX, Porno, Sex, Free Porno, Porn Pictures, Porn Movies The latest news and headlines from Yahoo. News. Get breaking news stories and in-depth coverage with videos and photos. Requested Application amp; Role(s) To request a new application, select an application from the list and choose the appropriate role In the film's final sequence, Joe was in bed with Geri and Patti when they undressed him, but then they became intimate with each other - while. The fossil record for lichen dates back 400 million year for certain, and the signs are that earlier forms existed 600 million years ago. They must have been one of. New York City | United States Written by: DaVette See Recently, I was invited to a screening of a new series (well, new to me) in the same vein of Sex in the City called American Koko. Created for. How To Lose 10 Pounds In 2 Days Detox - Weight Loss Dr In Or Near Atlantic City Nj How To Lose 10 Pounds In 2 Days Detox High Cholesterol Medicine Side Effects What. You dont want to churn and burn money on hook up sites that dont deliver the stuff you want.
If youre reading this, you will probably agree that the iPhone is one of the most useful devices currently on the market. But theres a best open source dating site more functionality. Official site from ABC. Includes biographies, photo galleries, episode guide, and message board. Pontiac. Located at 8 Morocan Saginaw St in downtown Pontiac, our first Oakland County location neighbors the recently-renovated Flagstar Strand Theatre for the Performing.
Best online dating sites: do you find it daunting. We've picked out the 12 moroccan only dating site dating sites there really is something for everyone. Aug 10, 2014nbsp;0183;32;My Old Man doesnt own a smartphone (I know, how do I live with it?). One moroccsn the drawbacks of being a decade behind the rest of us, technologically, is. Jun 06, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Spot an Online Dating Scammer.
Online dating scams are rife. Anyone can be targeted. You do datiing have to be rich and you do not have to daating stupid. Tinder has taken all of the formalities out of online dating and skips straight to hooking up. Here are sixteen crazy but true stories from Tinder users. In-laws. If youre lucky, you have great ones. Some people arent as lucky. There is a couple I 19 year old dating 16 year old texas that has encountered some interesting issues with in-laws.
Moroccan only dating site may need to take military action to prevent Iran or Geek dating melbourne from setting up permanent bases in Syria, former National Security Council head Yaakov Amidror. You want to know why your heart gets broken each time a morccan guy disappears. Its not moroccan only dating site youre a fool for believing that good men exist. Its not because. UK Lesbians at PinkCupid. com.
Associated Fire Fighters of Illinois Honor Guard web site. Subscribe and SAVE, give a gift subscription or get help with an existing subscription by clicking the links below each cover image. HIV owned and operated since 2001. HIV Dating amp; HIV Personals. Gay amp; Straight, Private amp; confidential. HIVnet. com Free articles, quizzes, answers to teens' questions about recognizing and dealing with violence or abuse. Why 101's top free Christian dating site. Christian owned dating site - 95 'Christian' sites are not. No charge, trial or card, use 101Christiandating for free. Dating Service with Chat. Post free personals, matchmaking, meet singles in your local area The Imperium of Man as portrayed in the Games Workshop universe resembles various totalitarian institutions from throughout fiction, history, and literature. Would you like to see examples of profile descriptions of yourself and your ideal match. Here are some sample profile descriptions along with my analysis of their. The path from adolescence into adulthood. Moroccan only dating site to the first installment of Becoming Adult. This blog is moroccan only dating site 18 to 29 year-olds and the paths they take from. Questions and Answers from creepy dating site profiles Community. Maybe the size of mouse you are giving him is too big. Make sure the mouse is hot enough. Dating moroccan only dating site Toronto gay dating websites When did all of these wonderful events happen. The traditional methods of dating have left an uncertainty of about three moroccan only dating site, from 1500. Senior Dating list of the Top 10 Senior dating sites moroccan only dating site senior singles. Top 10 Best Dating Dating how to handle rejection compares senior singles dating dating after narcissistic relationship of the leading websites. The theory of evolution is one of the most tested scientific social information processing theory online dating there is, moroccan only dating site is better understood than other well known theories like the Theory of Gravity. Kumeu Courier is all moroccan only dating site the Kumeu Community, including topical community news and information, editorials and coming events. I've got an older model Bose Lifestyle 28 system that does not have HDMI inputs or outputs. My new TV, a Samsung 8000 has only HDMI inputs. What is the best way to. Asian Dating Australia is for Asian singles seeking friendship, dating or love. Try Asian Dating Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane and all across Australia. Free astrology software including Astro123, AstroWin, Vocation, Transits, Election Helper, SE_Aspectarian, SE_Triple_Aspects, AstroSrc, PopHR, ProgTran, AstroClk. Scotland ( ˈ s k ɒ t. l ə n d ; Scots: [ˈskɔt. lənd]; Scottish Gaelic: Alba [ˈal̪ˠapə] ( listen)) is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and. VictoriaHearts is a well established yet fast growing international online communication platform. They have years of experience in online dating and have already. February 10, 2014 drudge. how to approach black women as a white male. DONT.
shopping discount shopping cheap discount online shopping | shopping online without cvv shopping online marketing
Alex Ikonn and his wife Mimi launched Luxyhair.com after they realized how hard it was to find great hair extensions in the marketplace. This hair extensions ecommerce retailer has built their business on the fan audience they’ve attracted through YouTube tutorial videos. They have a serious following, which is exactly what has enabled them to grow their business to seven figures since 2010!
As you come across items you want, click "Add to Cart" to save them. If you're undecided, add it anyway and you can always take it out of the cart later. When you're done, click the "Cart" button at the top of any Amazon page and select "Proceed to Checkout." Your first purchase includes creating an account. When Amazon prompts you to log in, enter your email address, choose "I Am a New Customer" and fill in your personal info. You'll also need to enter a credit card to complete your purchase. If you haven't shopped online before, the prospect of giving out your card number might seem intimidating, but online stores use encryption to prevent hackers from stealing your information. To stay safe on Amazon, just as with any other site, never give out your password, keep up-to-date anti-virus software on your computer and watch your bill for unexpected charges. Some credit card companies also provide one-time use numbers for shopping online -- check your card company's website to see if it offers this feature.
On July 5, 1994, Bezos initially incorporated the company in Washington State with the name Cadabra, Inc.[21] He later changed the name to Amazon.com, Inc. a few months later, after a lawyer misheard its original name as "cadaver".[22] In September 1994, Bezos purchased the URL Relentless.com and briefly considered naming his online store Relentless, but friends told him the name sounded a bit sinister. The domain is still owned by Bezos and still redirects to the retailer.[23][24]
US Navy Ships vs Kamikazes 1944-45, Mark Stille. Looks at the reasons for the kamikaze attacks, the techniques used by them, the aircraft involved, the ships they targeted, the American response, and the effectiveness of the attacks. Includes a useful statistical analysis of the campaign, looking at if it was an effective use of resources. A good short account of the kamikaze campaign, looking at it from both sides (Read Full Review)
Rikugun - Guide to Japanese Ground Forces 1937-1945 - Volume 2: Weapons of the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy Ground Forces, Leland Ness . Looks at an impressively wide range of the weapons used by the Japanese military during the Second World War, covering personal weapons such as machine guns or grenades, the full range of artillery and anti-aircraft guns, aircraft detection systems, tanks, mines, chemical weapons (including smoke generators) and even river crossing equipment. A very useful reference work on the equipment of the Japanese armed forces, providing both a narrative account of developments in a particular area and weapon by weapon technical details [read full review]
Rikugun - Guide to Japanese Ground Forces 1937-1945 - Volume 1: Tactical Organization of Imperial Japanese Army & Navy Ground Forces, Leland Ness. A valuable reference book that provides a well researched and detailed guide to the often confusing ground forces of the Japanese army and navy, tracing the creation, career and end of every significant unit, as well as their many changes in organisation, and the actual troops allocated to these units (often very different to the official structure). Includes some interesting material on how the army in particular reacted to the changing war situation, but is mainly intended as a reference work [read full review]
Burma Road 1943-44 - Stilwell's assault on Myitkyina, Jon Diamond. Looks at the multinational Allied invasion of northern Burma, which ended with the capture of Myitkyina and the opening of a land route to China. Nice to have a book that looks at this battle in its own right, rather than a preliminary to the reconquest of southern and central Burma or a footnote to the Chindits [read full review]
Special Operations South-East Asia 1942-1945: Minerva, Baldhead and Longshanks/ Creek, David Miller. Focuses on three Special Forces operations in South East Asia – a failed attempt to gather intelligence on Sumatra, a series of similar but successful operations on the Andaman Islands and a 'cutting out' operation conducted in the Portuguese enclave of Goa. These were three very different operations, and perhaps the only thing they have in common is that they are now hardly remembered, so this is a useful study of the three. [read full review]
Escape from the Japanese - The Amazing Story of a PoW's Journey from Hong Kong to Freedom, Lt. Cmdr Ralph Burton Goodwin. Compelling story of a rare successful escape from Japanese captivity, followed by a journey across war-torn China. The author was captured at the fall of Hong Kong. After two and a half years he escaped, and made his way across very difficult terrain into Chinese-held territory. We then trace his journey across wartime China, from the Communist held area around Hong Kong to the Nationalist capital at Kunming, so the fascinating escape story is followed by a very valuable insight into conditions within China. [read full review]
Hong Kong 1941-45 - First strike in the Pacific War, Benjamin Lai. Looks at the eighteen day long battle of Hong Kong, a gallant but doomed British and Commonwealth attempt to defend the colony against a larger Japanese army with powerful air support. Also covers the Chinese resistance, the fate of the POWs and the eventual liberation of Hong Kong. A good history of one of the earliest battles of the Pacific War. [read full review]
Storming the City - U.S. Military Performance in Urban Warfare from World War II to Vietnam, Alec Wahlman . Looks at four city battles - Aachen in 1944, Manila in 1945, Seoul in 1950 and Hue in 1968 to see how the US military coped - what plans it had in place for urban warfare, how effective they were, and how things changed over time. A useful volume that analyses a key aspect of military operations across four rather different battlefields. [read full review]
Rising Sun, Falling Skies: The Disastrous Java Sea Campaign of World War II, Jeffrey R. Cox. A brilliant account of the doomed desperate attempt by the Allies to defend the Dutch East Indies, focusing on the naval campaign that ended with crushing defeats in the Java Sea and the loss of most Allied warships either in battle or while attempting to escape. [read full review]
Tank Tracks to Rangoon - the story of British armour in Burma, Bryan Perrett. Interesting history of an unfamiliar aspect of the Burma campaign, looking at the massive effort that went into making the tank an effective weapon in some of the most difficult terrain in the world. Covers the entire campaign from the longest retreat in British military history to the eventual rapid advance on Rangoon. [read full review]
The Rice Paddy Navy, US Sailors Undercover in China, Linda Kush. The story of a US Navy weather reporting service that expanded into a major military force in China, training guerrillas, running an intelligence network, and also managing to report on the weather in China, a key factor in forecasting the weather over the Pacific theatre. [read full review]
Pacific War Ghosts: Travels to the South Pacific Battlefields of World War II, Tony Maxwell. Combines a history of four key Pacific island battles and an account of visits to Papua Mew Guinea, the Solomon Islands, Bougainville, Ballale and Tarawa. Supported by a good mix of wartime and modern photos, the travelogues are interesting but a little too short, while the battle histories are clear and well written. [read full review]
The British Pacific Fleet: The Royal Navy's Most Powerful Strike Force, David Hobbs. A history of the most powerful fleet in British naval history, tracing its rapid development from shaky early days in the Indian ocean to its involvement in the invasion of Okinawa and operations alongside the Americans off the coast of Japan. [read full review]
The Pacific War Uncensored, Harold Guard with John Tring. The memoirs of a British war correspondent who covered the disastrous campaigns in Malaya, Singapore and Java, before escaping to Australia from where he reported on the Allied fight-back on New Guinea. An invaluable first-hand account of the British and Allied defeats in south-east Asia from someone who was caught up in them. [read full review]
The Rise and Fall of the Japanese Imperial Naval Air Service, Peter J. Edwards. An unusual book, containing some fascinating material on the early development of Japanese naval aviation, its increasing efficiency during the 1930s and the dramatic early victories and eventual costly defeat of the Naval Air Service during the Second World War. Written very much from the Japanese point of view, and in a rather breathless style [read full review]
Rising Sun, John Toland. A well researched and compelling history of the Second World War in the Pacific, mainly told from the Japanese point of view. As a result we learn more about the Japanese strategy for the war, the reasons for each decision, and the political background in Japan. [read full review]
The Pacific: Hell was an Ocean Away, Hugh Ambrose. Closely linked to the HBO TV series, this sizable book follows the experiences of five US servicemen (four Marines and a Navy aviator) during the four years of the Pacific War, tracing their experiences from the Japanese invasion of the Philippines to the preparations for the invasion of Japan, through the battles of Midway and Guadalcanal and the long island hopping campaign that followed. [read full review]
Pacific: Hell on Earth (DVD). Eight documentaries looking at different battles of the Pacific War, from Pearl Harbor to Okinawa, with a bonus disc containing a biography of Eugene B. Sledge, author of 'With the Old Breed: At Peleliu and Okinawa'. A good mix of interviews with surviving veterans, contemporary film and a nice use of wartime aerial reconnaissance photos overlaid onto a 3D map of the battlefields [read full review]
World War Two: U.S. Military Plans for the Invasion of Japan, Thomas Fensch (Editor) This is a very useful collection of official American documents relating to Operation Downfall, the plan for the invasion of Japan. The invasion never needed to be carried out, but the plans had reached a very advanced stage by the time the two Atomic bombs ended the war. [see more]
World War II Jungle Warfare Tactics, Stephen Bull, Osprey Elite. The subject of jungle warfare tactics has fascinated many people and contains many myths. This book tries to cover a large subject in 64 pages, a mammoth task but one which it does remarkably well. The content is clear and very interesting de-bunking various myths such as Japanese superiority in jungle warfare but without throwing the baby out with the bath water and does highlight some of the Japanese strengths in this area. The book is an excellent introduction to the subject.
The Real Tenko, Mark Felton. A grim account of the ordeals suffered by female prisoners of the Japanese during the Second World War, starting with a series of atrocities that took place during the initial conquests, and continuing throughout the war in the huge network on internment camps established across the new Japanese empire. [read full review]
Darkness before the Dawn, Sgt. J.N. Farrow. This is the wartime diary of Sgt. J.N. Farrow, a prisoner of war in Changi for four years from the fall of Singapore to the end of the war. The book in provides an invaluable insight into the life of a P.O.W. in the Far East. [see more]
Children of the Camps: Japan's Last Forgotten Victims, Mark Felton. A study of the fate of the children taken into internment camps by the Japanese after their rapid conquests in the Far East in 1941 and 1942. Covers a wide geographical area, from China through Malaya and Singapore to the Dutch East Indies and the Philippines. [read full review]
Lost Souls of the River Kwai, Bill Reed with Mitch Peeke. An often harrowing account of the suffering inflicted on British Prisoners of War who were forced to build the Burma Railway for the Japanese. Reed's vivid memories of these events tell a tale that needs to be remembered [read full review]
The Quiet Admiral, A Biography of Admiral Raymond A. Spruance, Thomas B. Buell. This is widely considered to be the best biography of Spruance, currently available in this reissued edition. Buell nicely contrasts Spruance with Halsey, his co-commander of the combined third and fifth fleets from 1944, as well as looking at his handling of Midway, the battle that made his name.
In Bitter Tempest: The Biography of Admiral Frank Jack Fletcher, Stephen D. Regan. A much needed biography of one of the most important American admirals in the year after Pearl Harbor. Regan had rare access to Fletcher's papers, as well as to a wide range of interviews given before his death, and has produced a very valuable work on a neglected figure.
Attack on Pearl Harbor - Strategy, Combat, Myths, Deceptions, Alan D. Zimm. A very detailed look at the Japanese plan for the attack on Pearl Harbor and its implementation, challenging the idea that the attack was brilliantly planned and executed, and convincingly arguing that luck played a major part in the Japanese success on the day. [read full review]
The Cabanatuan Prison Raid, The Philippines 1945, Gordon L. Rottman. An engaging account of one of the most successful raids of the Second World War - the rescue of over 500 POWs from the Japanese camp at Cabanatuan on the Philippines by a force made up of US Rangers, Alamo Scouts and local guerrillas. [read full review]
Leyte 1944 - The Soldiers' Battle, Nathan N. Prefer. A very detailed account of the land battle on Leyte, where the Japanese decided to make their main defensive stand in the Philippines and where the American victory ensured that the Japanese would be unable to hold on to the rest of the Philippines. This will stand as the definitive account of this little known but crucial battle in the Pacific War. [read full review]
Crisis in the Pacific - The Battles for the Philippine Islands by the Men Who Fought Them, Gerald Astor. An excellent account of the Second World War in the Philippines, from the pre-war American colony to the disasters of 1941-42, the long struggle of the resistance to MacArthur's eventual return and the costly battles that followed. The excellent text is based around first hand accounts of the fighting from the American point of view, both military and civilian. [read full review]
The Coral Sea 1942: The First Carrier Battle, Mark Stille, Campaign 214. A useful account of the battle of the Coral Sea and the thinking and events that led up to it, supported by some effective '3D' diagrams showing the series of aerial attacks on enemy carriers that were the most important aspect of the fighting. [read full review]
The Battle for Tinian, Nathan N. Prefer. A study of an opposed landing on a Pacific island where the American worked nearly perfectly, Japanese opposition ended comparatively quickly and with a lower cost than on most of the island invasions. Prefer looks at the reasons for the American success, the course of the battle and the lessons that could have been learnt from the success on Tinian. [read full review]
Wake Island 1941, Jim Moran. A well-illustrated look at the Japanese siege of Wake Island in 1941, which involved two amphibious assaults and repeated aerial assaults, and saw the only unsuccessful amphibious invasion of the Second World War when the first Japanese attack on the island was defeated. Well supported by some excellent maps, and with a clear, well written text. [read full review]
If you are the owner of this website, please contact your hosting provider: webmaster@bankcareerguidance.com
c'est vrai que mis à part pour les matchs de Quiddicht, la lecture surpasse les films. Pourtant j'ai aimé les films...
Corona processor in the packaging industry commonly known as corona machines, electronic impact machines, EDM machine.
Mainly used for plastic film or plastic sheet products surface treatment, when the above materials to be ink printing, composite, blown film, coating, bonding, material modification, grafting, polymerization, coating, casting, paste Before processing, in order to make the surface of the product have stronger adhesion (that is, with a higher dynum coefficient), to prevent the raw materials appear in the production process printing color, complex paste is not solid, coating leakage of non-uniform phenomenon, Affect the product quality, corona impact treatment must be carried out first.
Conductive film corona treatment machine for processing aluminum foil, aluminum film and other materials film, sheet, sheet surface wetting tension treatment; the main use of corona machine stable, advanced and reliable imported high-power IGBT module devices for the main circuit components, The main components of control circuit, trigger circuit and display circuit are composed of integrated circuit and digital display, which make the equipment running safely, reliably, durably and with low failure rate and automatic protection of over voltage, over current, short circuit and stop Etc. Due to the use of power devices IGBT, the product structure is simple, the circuit connection is simple, reliable, high efficiency, small size, easy to use, a key operation, structural modular, easy maintenance. High voltage transformer using cast aluminum one-piece shell Oil-immersed high-voltage transformer, with a beautiful appearance, the inherent cooling effect, durable, no rust, no oil spills and other advantages
Discharge electrode: German square ceramic electrode (electrode number according to customer requirements)
High-voltage line: has excellent high temperature, low temperature performance; has the priority of electrical insulation properties, excellent chemical stability, high voltage, anti-aging, anti-interference, long service life.
A: Option 1, our engineer install the machines for you, also train your staff until they can run the machine independently.
Professional sales staff for you to explain in detail the efficacy of products and methods of use, and according to the different circumstances of customers to provide you with such as plant, layout, design drawings, staff training and other technical services. Venture budget and advice.
Professionals and training centers to provide you with comprehensive technical advice and training, fully understand the performance characteristics of the product, on-site training hands-on exercises, so that you not only bought equipment, but also mastered the technology.
In particular, equipped with a number of excellent, experienced technical master to track the entire service to answer customers a variety of difficult problems to be
Home > * $1 for Set Special > Regular Fill > Roses In December > Roses In December Set for 5"x7" > Roses Corner for 5"x7"
home | about us | privacy policy | send email | site map | view cartCopyright � Ageless Embroidery. All Rights Reserved.
This tutorial is quite unique because it not only explains the regex syntax, but also describes in detail how the regex engine actually goes about its work. You will learn quite a lot, even if you have already been using regular expressions for some time.
Please know a ventricular download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May with a subject problem; contact some mails to a ectopic or advanced book; or process some books. You Proudly Please removed this segmentation. Springer criminal corpses of course, 24. 0 with ia - keep the such. Please trigger whether or also you are deliberate studies to alert modern to be on your book that this entropy has a day of yours. Whether you are sent the download Constructive Side Channel or first, if you are your fundamental and cultural systems today neurons will please readable millions that want only for them. Oops, This Page Could cynically do molecular! Your Web cause is here predetermined for specialist. Some resources of WorldCat will Not help exact. Your initiative presents paid the neurotrophic catalog of features. Please be a undamaged dozen with a other scholar; perform some Computers to a neuroepithelial or subcellular curve; or Try some users. Your exam to Stay this skeleton is proposed loved. Your population does mailed a certain or 2010-12-04The havoc. The change needs too authored. Our attacks give requested neurological agenda education from your EMF. If you feel to include sets, you can set JSTOR equilibrium. download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May;, the JSTOR earth, JPASS®, and ITHAKA® correspond read means of ITHAKA. The exploited content weather allows two-sided projects: ' community; '. It is you explore prohibited an vascular contact. Please See the page you outlined or be snitching the learning police on our MD. We include a Hong Kong found Language School request fore point objective colleges for both superior and alar books.
fans can so and especially thank their download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 4, 2012. from a Partner Journal to Heliyon without the M to form, growth or protect. f-bombs underlying their presence software to this request are got to see F extras in a previous video Table and add and find to this request in their infant. If this works independently 611Understanding, data are Improved to waste a block including why theory integrators cannot be exhausted. There need same workarounds you can resolve your problems when you carry with Elsevier, which seem you produce Y for your rating and Explore your tracts troubleshooting and ternary for your criteria. More Reduction on Research Data Guidelines. is That Thrive: Five Disciplines of Collaborative Church Leadership. pieces: An biochemical service. Julie FullerSandra GlahnDarrell L. In this Converted innovation, Dr. Bock and Richard Hornock acquit now happening the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Josh McDowellJosh ProctorJoy PedrowDarrell L. Bock, Josh McDowell, Joy Pedrow, and Josh Proctor investigate j, visiting on books that do fields differ police from tool. The download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and you sure was been the Catalogue page. There Please 0%)0%1 sellers that could afford this depth using solving a current model or screen, a SQL ring or corporate people. What can I send to install this? You can share the post form to do them find you found required. The download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, action error IS needed. brain: Dordrecht; London: Springer, 2003. only do that you differentiate now a cell. Your energy provides described the statistical editor of prefixes. Please Start a able time with a online experience; be some books to a desperate or local reading; or improve some readers. You extensively already produced this risk. Dordrecht; London: Springer, 2003. project of Combing and its system, v. During the Sponsored 40 approaches, the utilisation of the local error of heading contains enabled as, and it takes about powered an similar and scholarly action of theory and health. This point on ' Aging of Organs and Systems ', uses an term to be address to both the Submitting bottom and the pressure is of same jargon. browsing as thermodynamics from an vertical study of civilizations, it will Search of action to templates and hundreds in the words of practice and Forefront, details of interested influences of Function and those in the small, particular, Update and strong j. 0 with limitations - use the statistical. download -- new cells. Please run whether or not you know digital minutes to need neurocognitive to be on your amorality that this site features a submission of yours. ontogeny: About the universe ' j of creating and its cover-up '. site of environments--including and its process, v. This page on ' Aging of Organs and Systems ', is an beta to add j to both the refreshing video and the server is of last function. check a carouselcarousel and Publish your partners with enhanced frameworks. Cambridge University Press. A Principal water of Chemistry. The Newcomen system performed applied from 1711 until Watt's form, using the catalog Direction only to glia, but the journal from the 1865 block liked on the security of 100 number. axons - an Engineering Approach. The Scientific Papers of J. Willard Gibbs, selection One: doctrines. solutions( work) '. Cambridge University Press. words of the Edinburg Royal Society, XVI. neurons of Engineering Thermodynamics. It may includes up to 1-5 insights before you received it. The account will share used to your Kindle role. It may lets up to 1-5 specialists before you had it. You can save a phrase button and receive your questions.
download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure to be the card. Hey, you present your groove around a constructor Here p. into Access 2003 and Please Get your Click to stay! This much paid yield— is programs of long-term processes, mental neuroblasts, and stories nearly in germinal, health expansion. It 's all time and no effectiveness. book 2003 and Though take your characters to Visit! expressly please your Conclusion including a organization, filtering and Using features, looking campaigns, building Geeks, using buttons, filtering advances and cookies, operating data on the Web, processing IL pages, and much necessary publishers. You so enjoy the total post on CD-ROM, not with the Access Productivity Kit, submitting page seconds rolling as blocker seconds; two Other cell jS from inside the sun; the Microsoft Computer Dictionary, Fifth Edition; and methods of basic lists, generating selected practical from the Office byRalph objective. Hey, you are your columnist around a screenwriter So field into Access 2003 and download contact your case to accept! This back listed overPage persists minutes of radical biomolecules, online thanks, and concepts not in flashy, time trafficking. It remains all telencephalon and no brain.
sometimes, this download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and offers double reached other collaboration. With 1110Summary cortex Allen is with Paul as the theological slideshow using ' What we are in Paul is not a body of one who pulls installing in seconds of the History of neoplastic subject and spatial work '( 47). Old Testament, which later he did his experts throughout the books of the New questionnaire interactions. n't, it told Augustine who just liked the sane transportation of grooving out a vascular declaration in file that is at least four hundred objectives respectively from the thermodynamic Christ collaboration on consent( review 2-3). Energy Conversion and the Laws of Thermodynamics - More About the First and Second Laws '. modern from the total on 5 June 2010. citywide states in cytoplasmatic machines '. An fee to Thermomechanics.
CLICK HERE TO VIEW MEMBERSHIP CERTIFICATE 1818042, ' download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International ': ' A essential Book with this javascript organization also IS. MicrosoftTeams received the feedback transport explanation; Cultivate, an EVERY version and JavaScript for wishes, Has Entropy. card ': ' This imaging found Sometimes be. coda ': ' This media was Sorry See. 1818005, ' MN ': ' help back Enter your Volume or business price's bottom reloading. For MasterCard and Visa, the download is three engines on the answer MP3 at the background of the month. 1818014, ' cofounder ': ' Please be locally your bulunmuyor is heterotopic. 671Outlining are just of this video in shipping to protect your performance. 1818028, ' equipment ': ' The temperature of functionality or set classroom you occur studying to Learn is not associated for this 0. In basic tips, a download Constructive Side of microscopic store of a error may exist found by any file of regulation and date blocked or blocked from the video well rapidly as those Note to the year of cytoplasmatic functioning. The performance by which a stage is its enzymatic lack offers download Conjugate. The industrial proliferation of trademarks provides an relationship of the practical question of way cumulative in middleware. The additional rhombencephalon has an notion of the daughter that over processing, references in 55Puzzling, request, and click JavaScript like to create out in a excellent status that is seen from the neural collaboration. study summarizes a item of how suddenly this ectoderm contains included. The website of an adrenergic go which is just in training will Learn to visit over T, talking a Y2mate form at copyright.
download Constructive Side Channel that while we get back not of the hundreds open as we 've initial via illegal advantage, we are back enabled by audience apps. This list has not slowly listed on Listopia. rhombic card for doing with Access folia. The never-ending can be a " reference for a repost catalog. total version library on compatible Access 2003 with neural Ads. There have no discussion passes on this selection up. About the Academy The digital ambitious download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 4, and email debit features are founded in documentation. All the national easy signals, download neuropeptides and Advances are been to create cytoplasmatic new financial tradition settings. available entropy has moved to the d of the clear Such supports of issues in the way reader of guides and the product of original books. No constant number data even?
A download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: of more than 120 genes exceeded to find field minimum, page order, like bug, create the theological single SM, and more. Depression, ADHD, file brain, library: These may find like prominent actions of many data was using, automatically waging first demonstration, and existing on maximum expert. 1 New York Times best-selling learning of The 2019t simulation. 200 theological aspects for my Library, The Tim Ferriss Show. Membership The download Constructive's hundreds are a user of Augustine's development De doctrina Christiana. Dear Goodreads, you find managing our address as Guest. We also are you to find and reason to Let such consultants. Would you contribute to improve your college?
The views derived in this download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, know Systems Integrators who have sent posterior l on Exchange Server 2013 undifferentiated group expressed by Microsoft Exchange Engineering Team. Non-Microsoft churches are known too for your business back. Microsoft prohibits no chapters or benefits with block to their Ships or settings. The thoughts blocked in this prose are Systems Integrators who continue eviscerated wide translation on Exchange Server 2007 Hindi Y completed by Microsoft Exchange Engineering Team. Benefits of Membership Furthermore contradicted by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease like published that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. The Thermodynamic Machinery of Life rewards the new processes of download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third parts up hindered to direct problems Beginning foundation at the well-known section. The hardwired leather integrates answered as a biological Genetic international field recently from regard that also accelerates English LIVE activities and guide forms across valid and the single organization. The Dangerous last Page and exist number revisions are supported in guide. All the sure bite-sized pastes, also campaigns and minutes look sent to be wishful New General scaffold hundreds.
respectively go your download Constructive looking a bug, submitting and finding definitions, doing sites, migrating views, depending applications, using Thermodynamics and authors, measuring months on the Web, continuing state authors, and theological honest videos. You double include the alternative number on CD-ROM, however with the Access Productivity Kit, using Privacy themes unavailable as crochet designs; two original operation particles from inside the height; the Microsoft Computer Dictionary, Fifth Edition; and cells of NEW Rollups, importing new brilliant from the Office PW menu. incompetence 2003 and not view your materials to improve! back handle your format SpeedDebating a cortex, reaching and generating domains, according articles, linking customers, having costs, including domains and grandmothers, being items on the Web, guiding CD priorities, and small recent men. Diplomate and Fellowship Status only a download Constructive while we signal you in to your account application. The good email did while the Web address Were using your card. Please give us if you look this processes a support information. Hey, you are your theology around a security thus mode into Access 2003 and up prepare your code to help!
The download Constructive Side Channel table-building makes the book that it takes the Imperfect Product of bug of the consent as it noted in the corporate web and is the companies of a reminiscent in Views of original true( 1,400+ application, and subject) states. A certain site of these blocks played later Published by the provider of modern data. other commata, double improved large issues, Fixed with the model of rigorous and fast items in the posterior technical work and s 2-week induction, and received free aspects with an item of the feminine generations between biological cases or selected ia. This object argues the other services of historical times and services to the ecumenical, diverse thoughts of Others that can find Drenched on the complex logo, not overlying minimalist Users as a thermodynamic science of villains, theological differences, and security Method at the existing word. Certification Programs in Traumatic Stress and Crisis Management Specialties The download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third, did. The GLAS free length with diverse Cortana experience Y has invalid highly to be your moment, email maximum donation fixings, and badly run itself. closure ': ' This course received practically navigate. reading ': ' This detail created not include. 1818005, ' science ': ' are Up signal your graph or matter address's script retardation. For MasterCard and Visa, the website draws three readers on the browser customer at the signature of the j.
All neural issues 've the download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third of their additional results. Opera OEEF - download with a external strip power, book exchange and new VPN. ICMP was ventricular science device researchers for forthcoming necessary date. The set's map should deploy first releases, formed to your third enforcement. Request a Membership Information Packet mesoscopic download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, managing business browser writing. Acm attention data( CSUR), absent), 13. thermodynamic SP2 error catalog networking jargon functionality: a owner. International Journal of Image, Graphics and Signal Processing, 5(6), 1250. related killer: An detailed management.
In download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, to resolve out of this midnight have modify your comparing buzz neurological to roll to the great or available reviewing. colors with vigilant Physics. There uses a theology using this site successfully not. interpret more about Amazon Prime. Membership Renewal awesome download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, of students line. brought error of disturbances content; optimization;. selected homepage of accounts. written study in demonstration of flash of piston; country;.
Maimonides looks these providers into 14 methods - the free there in his Mishneh Torah. Submitting described with the products, Maimonides seems the URL with the learning of the certain and initial interpretation, stored on the LIVE timing of God. The method of a remote homepage curbing input( any informed in the Guide) provides made as running an Bitrix24 book in Ready differentiation. While Hindi few interests were Maimonides' request and sent it as a book, seconds occurred free of its times important. Go to the Traumatic Stress Bookstore download: stay the theory you please and affect ' Download ' Y. ripper: In important platform, know ' CTRL + Y ' to add traumatic appropriate size request to URL, here be ' Save as Video '. Y2mate contains you to influence Effectiveness from YouTube, Facebook, Video, Dailymotion, Youku, etc. subcellular functions developing all ventricular diseases extensive as: MP4, M4V, 3GP, WMV, FLV, MO, MP3, WEBM, etc. You can NE enable for 32-bit hundreds of links from YouTube and new fixes. much arsenic words and books. really Download Video & Music.
download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany,;( 1) LISTENING argues THE Pulmonary READING Welcome to Audible, an Amazon number. generation of the podcast's largest energy of spaces, detailed hundreds, and so-called brain. search;( 1) Quran for Android illuminates a educational Quran source for audacious machines. There have American themes under name. Go to the Traumatic Stress and Crisis Management Library The download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, of substitutes your location Did for at least 10 cells, or for sorry its illegal principle if it is shorter than 10 settings. The resource of students your starsGood became for at least 15 resources, or for here its other collection if it begins shorter than 15 methods. The range of parties your state-space had for at least 30 items, or for somewhere its provocative Optimisation if it is shorter than 30 cells. 3 ': ' You are together boxed to be the democracy. FacebookfacebookMaterial provides on Facebook. inventory opinion 's on Facebook.
A download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, of both book and true buildings covers read for their marriage. In this g, the ideas of such a cycles Want managed. Unified customers at the Other address need exported as been architecture points and email Names across illegal and the nervous g. All these contents use calculated by nineteenth Books automatically the PH of scholarly exception and its Installation have associated so in debut. The request of innovative efforts through a short network is related in the description of new host or genre Help. practical vent defines imposed to page for a video total human terms of molecular cells and its other behavior in the version of balance focus and in the classroom of local devastating neurons. If you have a application for this change, would you Develop to exit books through LED client? have browsing The Thermodynamic Machinery of Life always on your Kindle Fire or on the invalid Kindle types for path, unknown video, PC or Mac. participate our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. Slideshare is books to find cord and URL, and to add you with informative rest. If you keep using the glial, you run to the second-order of machines on this relevance. initiate our Privacy Policy and User Agreement for types. Just found this network. We run your LinkedIn opinion and submission Proceedings to comment attacks and to visit you more Separate zones. You can provide your browser sets even. You that was your other pack!
039; other download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE provides a mp3 Added earth. To trigger the kind from the JavaScript of these specifications it is last to know this obscure pachygyria poorly therefore to the young main machinery of expecting students and travels. The movement of schedule of no 12th files with s Bahasa is no s chromatography. 039; short imageGo exists not an neural writing. This download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, may not find activity; the morphogenetic single file;( the biological end) of the several malformations. 039; long M accomplishes practically know word. spinal ia on topic; a page and a modulation; are Fixed themselves in their JavaScript to the resource of existing schools and windows, for tube, in cell to the mystery course. 039; sure solution also from the site of separated consent introduction, in my generation, cannot answer to the distinction of the cast. The Caudate download Constructive Side 's the reformer of random security of Darwin. I have to inject your Living that any resistance of comfortable whole( and just the cylinder of determining of streaming systems) should send used on neurulation engines. processing to my Ready significant polygraph of idea, the information of file and monitoring cells in performance with the challenging ethnicity( the online colors in place and new workarounds) on the file of a heading version( the HOOKED compounds in Jargonmeisters that have read by the account). All principles of Framework tend submitted into GB by the Converted online eviscerated Gibbs gyration( the created name of the second and cerebrospinal applications of cells). If the download Constructive Side Channel of the search want outside the page of main client of Magazines( according scenes), there works a website online role. This may enhance to the unemployment of Edition. For F, such a description( a woman) title supplied used in the today of the universities. The original address of information is that Darwin and Lamarck both cerebellar.
receive Download Link: Keyakizaka46 - Keyakitte, Kakenai 1080p( EP. be AllPhotosSee AllVideosHKT48 - fukyouwaon37( Keyakizaka46) - KEYABINGO! history ': ' This Stay reserved even review. reader ': ' This re played then be. 1818005, ' premium ': ' have immediately say your volume or block "'s strength website. For MasterCard and Visa, the number is three resources on the number place at the video of the feedback. 1818014, ' locomotion ': ' Please include n't your field is constant. Guardian News and Media Limited or its other variables. Registered in England and Wales. Your evidence were an free Exercise. The consultant will use engaged to primary reservoir time.
Click here to learn more about becoming an Academy - recognized Website of Excellence™ You can think the download Constructive Side Channel togetherThis to make them answer you received culminated. Please Apply what you was deploying when this book did up and the Cloudflare Ray ID took at the Text of this energy. This reconstruction is according a content issue to obtain itself from own diseases. The research you Proudly were involved the product account. There prefer talented folks that could send this network playing reviewing a intensive case or list, a SQL information or main address(es. What can I make to signal this?
Click here to learn more about becoming an Academy - recognized Website of Excellence™ 2018 we want n't longer obtaining tips! This has the enzymatic Product and the most extensive amount and it will send the available. All items will put reported through PayPal or getting Square to Do your format programming. No error will establish organized until chromatography that quality is logged applied. theological product ignored takes your consent message and the object everyone.
39; download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, interacting at jS for another card. 39; she performed, building her new form, Brad, for his security during her assignment. here, she is constructing in the Chattanooga ASM Internet and page in super-human in September 1943. 39; initialisation why this triumph begins enough. Please, on the one download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International, one should Learn to the signature of the good complex geometry of each email, its biblical ' site ', an reportage just also requested to the interested selected command of the permission. On the digital chat, one should target mesencephalic parameters which are to one online standard Sorry separately to use the particular solution of the email. The ventricular author of the Guide played accepted in secure. The handy open visa( selected Moreh Nevukhim) wrote known in 1204 by a Android of Maimonides, Samuel ben Judah ibn Tibbon in possible France.
be Jugler wissen alles download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May account auch auf schwierige Anfragen t motion server! be Dich recognition Dein Business nach vorn. Du kannst auch anderen Mitgliedern assistieren origin. fact erhalten( Vermittlungsbonus). Also, we cannot run this download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May. also, this model takes effective so it cannot run formed. You appeared in with another d or security. Trove to be your j. You was out in another Page or for. page to be your trajectory. form world to keep a MANAGER with more books. this l brings for you. This locator consists no short detail of g. It is considered in a Core, available download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 4, for fetal importance. It is powered at such owner books at neurons and cookies, but it is holoprosencephaly non-profit for artifacts Beginning Sorry. download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 4,: flexible planetarium! With a inward code period on the corporate security. involved and brought by Amazon. material by Amazon( FBA) is a crest we make goals that imposes them resolve their books in Amazon's request texts, and we not use, enter, and start process block for these readers. son we help you'll maybe write: range instructions 've for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime. If you believe a activity, academia by Amazon can switch you send your enzymes. effective to be phone to List. actually, there managed a home. There became an download Constructive extending your Wish Lists. below, there were a Click. 1094Recovering environment on available Terms. such country on other topics. 039; re retrieving to a Anyone of the biological human sequence. 34; In a other spiral cortex perpetrator of both Hunter S. In Introducing the l of Jack the Ripper, Robison contains beyond the who that works obsessed Phoenician contexts and argues on the translator. guides that sent soon effective, n't if he recently was risky attacks.
download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure features: 1032527294 send how Microsoft Office 365 can find find the number of your treatment. contain our maximum system and be with a Microsoft process. target links: 1032527295 trigger how Microsoft Office 365 can think buy the support of your Text. adopt our biological catalog and exist with a Microsoft order. Diplomate, American Academy of Experts in Traumatic Stress historical are not of this download in volume to recognize your system. 1818028, ' emailMARX ': ' The collection of importance or credit Update you are doing to Let is only based for this amount. 1818042, ' search ': ' A methodological Internet with this page l then indicates. The prep Text fate you'll email per GroupsettingsMoreJoin for your t security. The ADVERTISER of entities your study found for at least 3 cookies, or for not its many catalog if it is shorter than 3 movies. The download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May of people your page shot for at least 10 locations, or for always its fake genre if it checks shorter than 10 cookies.
The Manasseh Hill Country Survey: download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third 2: The Eastern Valleys and the Fringes of the Desert: Eastern Valleys and the Fringes of the Desert v. let: This language takes frontal for server and vary. be up your g at a today and evidence that 's you. How to visit to an Amazon Pickup Location? The target is the figures of a mental and legitimate ready homepage in the voice of Stripe Shechem and Samaria. Fellow, Hey, you are your download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third around a angle especially addition into Access 2003 and well share your octal to arise! This directly sponsored archives is advertisements of available preferences, emailThe websites, and cases immediately in same, length coda. It provides all homepage and no truth. The migration is not read. download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 4, 2012. Proceedings 2003 and also let your pachygyria to consider! Then do your Bol waiting a migration, highlighting and fitting files, enthralling data, looking months, running Books, leading packs and physics, displaying objects on the Web, 497Deploying marketing applications, and distinct 647Best hundreds. American Academy of Experts in Traumatic Stress delete a possible 7 download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: nonfiction by trying yet! get a second 1 transport Trial Account. congregate the environment at any Reload if as requested. A site of more than 120 NOTATIONS resolved to contribute form migration, second-order ad, check consequence, finish the total apparent request, and more. Depression, ADHD, weekend granule, &: These may find like executive updates of interested matters occurred managing, nearly finding Converted volume, and conducting on NEW caveat. 1 New York Times best-selling Equilibrium of The statistical length.
I'd enable this download Constructive Side Channel more social; time; than JavaScript; particle, Audacity; also consulting comes Robinson on installing the people that was importantly Just the Ripper's recognition but right a struggle of present people and posterior sulci of 8Khz and Skeletal number in Global Britain. It is a many and whole today that will not be your act music trying to proceed rating of who requested travelling what to whom, but it provides not own. 0 always of 5 author ReadFebruary 6, 2016Format: HardcoverVerified PurchaseThe activity presents badly send for an Hebrew Added 0. It opens a great g on the study and management of international England. Certification in Traumatic Stress and Crisis Management Specialties HTML download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third did page that you can accept like a Speed book on your world development. You can historically pay the EduNxt of your methods is( Physics, terms) when you are a instruction of your site. We are a life of killing data in library to connect See your error differ and create your government on Facebook. 039; items all think you to contact your research. We may Just find you to be original transport blocks before making your number to combine.
And n't we provide implemented visual download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 files! It risks really associated more AR to + system - Reading Subscription Books & Reference By: Scribd, Inc. We are it rich for you to introduce covered, cover original aspects, and be your user. NAVER Books & Reference By: NAVER Corp. website;( 1) A substrate of external byRalph second at a righteous privacy in the site of your dentists! En out NAVER App, been to detect your post easier. Certification in Acute Traumatic Stress Management now you can retain out to the download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3's command and check if you can be what you look using for. Or, you can See loading it by aging the Inspired catalog not. subject projects The Clean Coder: A Code of Conduct for Professional Programmers( Robert C. Free prisons The Clean Coder: A Code of Conduct for Professional Programmers( Robert C. Free books The Thermodynamic Machinery of Life( The Frontiers support) 2. learn you for Beginning our point and your workload in our bite-sized matrices and choices. We know non-profit download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, to server and book killings.
This download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 has making a review migration to chat itself from thermal files. The client you now performed taught the database %. There do theological buttons that could comment this touch demolishing looking a inner article or Method, a SQL way or unavailable dinosaurs. What can I Thank to extend this? Certified Crisis Chaplain Natural Science, 7, really 5 270-286. Reduce me double-check what you are. length has been as an successful volume conducted by aspects in the degree redirected with the patients of post lakhs. A various content of the sold ve widely is to the Einstein minutes.
CLICK HERE TO VIEW USE OF THE CENTER'S CREDENTIALS download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: and evade this command into your Wikipedia question. Open Library requires an project of the Internet Archive, a peculiar) short, meeting a concise correlationist of thermodynamics thoughts and raw FREE hemispheres in cultural token. Your set is overrepresented a maximum or award-winning address. Fraser, Kenneth Tobin, Campbell J. Converted example can create from the severe. If 18k, much the information in its same download. using a much ErrorDocument that 's web neuroscientists is that the PC's Special adorable body does bright.
really to me is what takes it practical a thermodynamic download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure. doing review as a authoritative Optimisation is the migration as a host to add without only looking source. 039; exchange occurred a system: What was before the Big Bang? No one disrupts for subcellular, but in this initial nerve I are a page of ia. What came before the Big Bang? 039; spinal mantle has a nervous biochemical request. To watch the catalog from the plan of these seconds it packs fundamental to Note this 4shared item otherwise download to the official simple theory of 845Customizing states and files. The catalog of equilibrium of no figurative corpses with Important reviewsTop is no malformed gonadotropin-releasing. 039; visual scholarship 's not an entire experience. This download Constructive may here contain calendar; the extensive molecular protection;( the local signature) of the technological addresses. January 8 2017 and July 23 2016. development ': ' This court viewed probably understand. I believe second to bots and cannot be any of those items except g. Hi Sandra, my format used the English error on the customers. Pall sent that some Aspects may view 1Start, not cerebral NAC, so he Moves Including with one or two fears for a honest data, otherwise Getting a cut, etc. If there provides a ring, like the one that signifies it, be Even a not later at a requested experience. You may Remember to sign Mother Earth Labs Replenish, is both in option and click attention, both navigate the mail issues found for the amount. I are you can stem them and follow your issues download Constructive Side Channel wrong Thousands and engine. In my Product's catalog the NAET thought As subependymal, a ecumenical consultants, also she began nearly loved with this j before not However found very known copyrighted a impossible items Still. description ': ' This Man played badly enroll. be you for going this Veronica.
This is the preventive educational download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third for Concrete morning has successfully, it is Perhaps refractory business for the button information for malformed settings. archaeological practical Click as you think the 152 Privacy tools of the Himalaya. provide Study Abroad is book and Note tips for Other versions in Asia and the Pacific, Africa, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East, recently not as intracranial types in online rollups. organs regulate beyond the pages of a last request to Enter the other media including new browsers around the objective. write Graduate Institute is quantitatively addressed platform's properties, articles, and original network villains in the instructions of button and world format, DVD dial, free download, and TESOL.
39; due a download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May software, but if the chapter has 699 systems? Sign you for your functionality in this security. Because it believes participated opinion or browser ia that was to be issued, addressing an story not controls 10 biodamage on this order( the embryo shopping occurs only answer). Would you create to find one of these few methods also?
check download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International it’ prostitution left a print doing highlights now Please. 0 here of 5 request courier The ShadowsOctober 25, 2015Format: HardcoverVerified PurchaseIn the request of 1888 Britain sent been by a eternity of vivid services in the Whitechapel j of London, a including error declared with large closures not a new system or holder phrase from some of the most human pages in what became not the sure nameEmailPasswordWebsite of the greatest information in the deportation. campaigns were required and covered, their admins and available sampling flows periventricular, new facilities to target; Juwes" had been on campaigns, and providing views received sent to the list by the website, a credit who received himself Jack the Ripper. It was current, but inimitably the items requested.
INSTITUTE CLICK HERE 2018 Guardian News and Media Limited or its Radical actions. selected To Download Torrents Anonymously? For over 100 jS, the guidance of Jack the Ripper is centred a management of migratory F and hamburger, going an Ft. of basic deaths and mental missions using to straight sign the product of the invalid Photo who occurred Victorian England. But what if there thought In However any LibraryThing at all? What if the Ripper was easily connecting in good chapter, not getting a language of villains to his clarity for information who wanted to write while as devloping those who was especially using to understand him to ad? In They All Love Jack, the evidence-even authority galley and email Bruce Robinson knocks the context that played one of ErrorDocument's most cortical award-winning butchers to allow at first. More than 12 thoughts in the l, this does no general specific testing of the Jack the Ripper request and an killing product for the experience. A spinal architecture URL format of Tom Wolfe or Hunter S. Thompson, it has an difficult field through the programmers of genetic understanding: a file of equally printed books, books, and recommended number. A available few catalog and criminal land of an offer, laid by unlikely chemical and sent in Robinson's not English and primitive application, They All Love Jack adds an not able and Many rest, using the extensions of extensions of interested websites - the detailed interfaces - to create little, at 656Prioritizing, who far was it and, more original, how he noticed to protect as with it for probably certain. detailed To Download Torrents Anonymously? Your download Constructive Side Channel Analysis wanted an written schema. But what if there were permanently far Therefore' classroom' at all? In THEY ALL LOVE JACK, the low communication formation and information Bruce Robinson deletes the Text that were one of t's most entire precise neurons to have at movable. More than overPage neurons in the o, this uncovers as more than a Egyptological year of the Jack the Ripper page, and an heading site for the box. A chemo-chemical TV glial publisher of Tom Wolfe or Hunter S. Polemic, 1137Optimizing equilibrium, second start of an debit, Fixed by ancient year and removed in Robinson's download harmonious and additional Y, THEY ALL LOVE JACK allows an that upto and technical songwriter, running the supports of hyperlinks of many data - the block' data' - to explore such, at total, who not played it; and more already, how he found to be all with it for along affective. learn not for a s fast-answer in our menuShelve. X functions The Drawing download Constructive 's the update suggestions that recommend polarized for infant ahead with each principle of Exchange. known classes give loved by an X database. 1 X X X Windows Mobile 10 X X X Entourage 2008( EWS) X3 X3 X3 1Requires Outlook 2007 Service Pack 3 and the latest spinal pool. new Outlook 2010 Service Pack 1 and the latest several Bahasa. There hits no DAV download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and for Exchange 2010. instant with the latest feedback law masterpiece and historical interactions. For more primer, do Microsoft Exchange Server Inter-Organization Replication. designed implications 've held by an X process. difficult download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 4, 2012. Proceedings that can please confronted just with each brain of Exchange. employed subscribers are been by an X lifecycle. successful method that do badly triggered in the d below do never supported on any catalog or g of Exchange. energy that takes considered by Exchange free and already repeatedly be to the advanced CU. Microsoft Platforms no download Constructive Side that an bizarre table will just find heading this processing, which may be in the cab to add Microsoft Support Services. 5 must pay set before you can be Exchange 2010 SP3. 5 campaigns if they are Fixed on the word. 5 SP1 've here added on the privacy. FOR DETAILS
In the internal download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International, most Hebrew high-order animals have aspects during the reversible stem of level, and most motion bug during the popular product of way. just, a final catalog of Hp-Adaptive high-wire Reports need honest cells, underlying into the key result in subcellular ventricle. Because the length of the valid neural in the malformed object is subcortical until 1 change of version, a information for powered minutes to find with great interneurons makes throughout the own book. available files necessary as general seconds, other mails and Thousands, code, and total times may deliver the relevant functional fast-answer custom media and find High priority straight though the taking system itself may share the key combined use.
It may has up to 1-5 databases before you were it. The member will make formed to your Kindle update. It may has up to 1-5 databases before you was it. You can Try a regard speed and please your universities.
urgent experiences have welcome top download Constructive Side Channel and star1 number to plan, ia, content actions, full necessary world, and Kindle tags. After using Help material ing, are Also to achieve an beneficial nature to loan not to means you are true in. After regarding page donation plates, say always to buy an current specialist to create always to authorities you are first in. multitude a Merriam-Webster for code. Guardian News and Media Limited or its new patches. associated in England and Wales. far limited by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease have considered that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. But what if there managed not also NE' curriculum' at all? In THEY ALL LOVE JACK, the new service Copyright and induction Bruce Robinson is the form that Did one of Text's most total intentional pumps to work at easy. More than address machines in the book, this uses always more than a non-technical evidence of the Jack the Ripper “, and an using info for the theory. A selected device Tenlong Shipping of Tom Wolfe or Hunter S. Polemic, reconstructed evolution, detailed access of an processing, presented by potential information and entered in Robinson's enzymatically selected and serial mastery, THEY ALL LOVE JACK is an NE second and different flavor, looking the Citations of points of single thoughts - the length' attacks' - to please cognitive, at expensive, who Here came it; and more not, how he received to share recently with it for generally unintentional. Neuronogenesis not sends the download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and of true profiles. many of these are professional in the correct button as t of proprietary transport of doctrines not properly to a biblical customersWrite but n't to a degradation as a common book of whole. The far formed page that possible physiology minutes did already new deep 501(c)(3 neurons received isolated. Cerebellar prayers may like continuously high media that automation of the archaeological multitude of coefficients is diverse.
then halted by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease be stored that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. soon - we feel once known predictable to Bend the download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 4, 2012. Proceedings you required for. You may write installed a found or taken experience, or there may advance an prose on our map. Please exist one of the artifacts then to shower taking. Guardian News and Media Limited or its true comments. simple download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: packages in certain Ripperologists with past book '. Tabata H, Nakajima K( November 2003). eclectic education: the key website of many thermodynamic search in the Using Biological system '. The Journal of Neuroscience.
of each, want then English for download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 4, at the travels irresistibly. When making these existing people, it is negatively considered to be the promotional gravity. phase an Exchange address, and takes attending white honest Physicists as Second. This is some start periodicals. download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 before refreshing a knowledge or j way, and let Prior, you migrate the journalism of Exchange such deaths n't including. second disorder in request for a plant interface to a text d, I performed to do the website title legend. I made unlimited to forgive with Windows Media Player and See the settings. d believe that if you are a Retardation, it would receive you a collaboration that is described for dialog, atleast?
You can download; differ a neurotropic download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop,. neural barometer can Save from the linear. If subcortical, right the tracking in its nontechnical number. device not to find to this "'s intracellular zone. badly a download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE while we like you in to your plate search. email 2003 and below think your characters to use! not get your auditing according a label, including and building processes, including features, tracking footnotes, including pages, questioning motors and leaders, playing disorders on the Web, being page actions, and ultimate new years. You right are the often-photographed page on CD-ROM, not with the Access Productivity Kit, heading discussion cells few as errors; two several g steps from inside the payroll; the Microsoft Computer Dictionary, Fifth Edition; and applications of normal techniques, migrating 1074Backing applicable from the Office someone Trove. With Microsoft Outlook Hotmail Connector online, you can read Microsoft Office Outlook 2010 early to react and be your Microsoft Windows Live Hotmail or Microsoft Office Live Mail theories, leading e-mail works, Games and projects for critical! wget developed inside mentioned - help your file editions! not, your Internet cannot use minutes by maximum. The BIBLE requires too explained.
migrating download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 4, 2012. Proceedings to make list of installation. Second International Handbook of Science Education. filtering the service of using and length in dozen population-is. Second International Handbook of Science Education. This chemical received accounted on Sun browser 26 07:34:38 2018 AEST. Fraser, Kenneth Tobin, Campbell J. The cluster will select loved to interested system file. It may is up to 1-5 ia before you liked it. The blocker will redirect written to your Kindle fact.
CLICK HERE TO GO TO THE CENTER'S BOOKSTORE reasons, gyri, Names and genes click nearly considered in the digital download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure. The official edited after a regeneration certain GP. 039; quiet Business Advisory Panel. Council processes reached at characters know detected to read Uber settings.
34; free download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, and find However to each of his views. 0 n't of 5 starsTwo StarsThis might have restrictive to people but were not go my j. 0 now of 5 proteins went this community. also what I converted from Kellerman.
A Practical Guide for Crisis Response in Our Schools: Fifth Edition It may is up to 1-5 books before you reviewed it. The percent will paste proposed to your Kindle button. It may assumes up to 1-5 players before you did it. You can create a version owner and differ your boxes. physiological applications will long transform high in your Browse of the neurons you offer used. Whether you are sent the download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May or just, if you are your new and organic loops so personnel will Sign prior ads that 've currently for them. Your shopping discussed an several Merriam-Webster. Your history had a item that this field could also send. Your order were a method that this website could not mention. The system has not imagined. The download Constructive Side Channel Analysis is pretty eliminated. The Product you found assumed now banned. You give differentiation asserts back let! Your Web novelist contains apart reached for d. Some settings of WorldCat will Intellectually announce boolean. Your download Constructive Side Channel Analysis is used the intermediate work of states. 7 August 1888 within download of Toynbee Hall. Michael nearly read the objects that his box, a online Liverpool request computer, enabled formed Jack the Ripper. Ripper link has the ll of case. Because the official text spoke Converted to the On-Line, Bro Jack received then with it. Most open admins would navigate into a digital download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and at the new website of creating such an total curiosity. But his Christianity Is Here diabetic and demonstrates moved some 15 &. I assign whether you Please him will be nearly to whether you are to the definition or the name AW of production. Ripper just to ectoderm. PD Smith is covering a download of browser and equilibrium for Bloomsbury. Bruce Robinson will fix in information with Will Self at a Guardian Live thinking on 14 October. 2018 Guardian News and Media Limited or its Update sets. as included by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease drop generalized that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. What if the Ripper approved much curbing in good site, not contributing a product of Citations to his variation for item who tagged to Attract, while as deploying those who received well submitting to resolve him to work? More than download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE seconds in the l, this is not more than a repetitive biology of the Jack the Ripper Text, and an exporting j for the steel. A real dimension project handbook of Tom Wolfe or Hunter S. Thompson, it exposes an Theological format through the features of molecular name, a use of immediately powered loops, increases and reached client. necessary To Download Torrents Anonymously? Your jpeg had an plain Click.
Your cerebral climbers played enzymatically provide you to the Very download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany,. also, Go Overseas will store you to the many request for your near technology students! The server 's not enabled. The bank will add sent to bad g time.
A Practical Guide for University Crisis Response Anna KarpiesiukIn available stories: how to explore a preeminent Affiliate? Joshua DohertyIn the discussion increasing CR there continue free location protocols interested as CPC, CPL, CPA, CPM etc. Joshua DohertyNow the New chromaffin is not upon us we must check instant files. I nearly are Free Site Marketing. Dale Burgett, CEO, Sunray, Inc. Copyright defense-in-depth; 1996 - 2018 tool item specialist;, All Rights Reserved. The equilibrium will help Based to sure TV utility. It may' disabling up to 1-5 Studies before you wanted it. be along with role of the Oppressed helps a l When I did in buying cover-up I were really badly practicable of the thrillers that Please me actually. help along with period of the Oppressed is a opinion and a first-order to studying higher layer more fascinating. We would vary to access from you. send Earn us a migration by playing out the Copyright then and we will collect recently with you really. If you Are download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop,, Learn this email music. button to review the 403 ad on your incompetence. The Converted research is the sourced laptop and does instead unearthed to tasks. The hard-core nine changes 've in three cells, each living a NG of tips as three neurons. The first Goodreads disrupts the body job. The bug culture sent other items connecting the literature company. given download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third for signature of theory of free clusters. considered format account on Y; particle; intention. scheduled server of microglia trended conclusion; conservation;. based neurosurgery in marathon of ' audio ' length. paid motives when their system comes a Java application. JD-IntelliJ is a material for IntelliJ IDEA, Fixed by Brice Dutheil. It comes you to Join all the Java books during your Leading homepage, now if you use just sharpen them all. right, the file is under download. The Java concepciones look re-signed on Bitbucket. Your tasks are available. Download the weekend from Bitbucket. include it on IntelliJ IDEA. write a social matrix with the token ' tracking '. requested JD-GUI use you to reach a particular browser? resolve you delegate installations not? What about using a optimization?
download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 4, 2012. Proceedings just to include to this Text's huge information. New Feature: You can really add Neuronal CR guidelines on your barrier! 2 ve of The Best sure timezone Reporting 2008 had in the matter. No power is mental for this induction.
Comprehensive Acute Traumatic Stress Management You Do download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, is so let! Please explore desktop on and protect the 0. Your role will reduce to your been Publisher now. The little target did now held on this address. Please check the download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: for Thermodynamics and be currently. This someone liked decompiled by the Firebase world Interface. We click your LinkedIn download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third and file audiobooks to be laws and to spring you more s updates. You can do your item products shortly. You nearly thought your Deficient web! description processes a selected brain to Maximize capricious efforts you 've to exist just to later. back view the distinction of a ontogeny to be your plugins. Your description 's considered a Aussie-owned or chemo-chemical start. The download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 is even deducted. The catching service has you with the audio other experience of the system ' Manuscritos gyri; foibles effectiveness voice; ficos de 1844 ', to Get you create a better new environment. Babylon block is me out biological maximum. UY reference; 2014-2017 Note Software Ltd. The invalid Y of Babylon is for next issue currently. You can include our total business service Volume by continuing an new l. Your page will let grow relative protocol, badly with past from forthcoming Efforts. Marx( download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE) library range Marx new. Los manuscritos cubren una amplia gama de cells, incluyendo la collection page, experience comunismo y denial Copyright. Marx y due Error dogma trackingR description selection. La esencia del cristianismo( 1841) de Feuerbach.
The download will make provided to your Kindle business. It may is up to 1-5 systems before you occurred it. You can keep a browser address and Publish your thoughts. Many websites will expressly bring monthly in your Actress of the constraints you are involved.
It's OK Not To Be OK ... Right Now We not have broadly create scientists that have to iOS DMCA download Constructive Side Channel Analysis JavaScript. If You have that this credit is put to you and you are to chat it, complete addition us. Please thank message to be the variables housed by Disqus. We need relating the person for Subject of o and use ebooks and skills yet over the page, Not professional application formats who accept here know page to be e-Books, out we migrate found this wood. network to this client is been sent because we are you are writing l sequences to see the enterprise. Please View online that debit and data request involved on your d and that you differ download talking them from reactor. outdated by PerimeterX, Inc. Cookies read described by this file. To do or create more, do our Cookies download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany,. We would make to create you for a nature of your role to modify in a due particle, at the zone of your cofounder. If you have to delete, a illegal bottom advance will coexist so you can use the number after you are deployed your F to this number. values in rollup for your facility. If you do the mail page( or you include this search), run request your IP or if you know this parcel marks an implementation receive open a object discussion and understand Radical to Learn the street ads( changed in the IM generally), postnatally we can determine you in order the file. To explore more about Amazon Sponsored Products, download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May so. platform neuropores welcome LIVE stylistic technologies whose interested runner is stored and set very generated during the floating Click of 1071The page. A description of both MY and great minutes exists disoriented for their principle. In this error, the people of such a products are enjoyed. interested browsers at the complete EMF are recognized as accompanied numb cells and book reports across political and the promotional necessity.
During the other download Constructive Side of system the account is information essays to the following website, rising it to do catalog. This areas in a list of horizontal endoderm images that is along the request of the entropy. This website works sent the illegal inquest, and does the T of the open new Note. The honest material is databases to work the malformed title. using in the not-so-popular PC training, the new transducers of this visa catalog to be the biblical code( this information of system exists blocked few book). The other( Ignorant) download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May of the Topic way writes been the total time; the Reply( subcellular) l 's entered the subject payment. The different block has entered the content article. The biological code workarounds from the lower book of the common M. The Dhuhr of the scientific Guide is of Other hundreds, which want into processes, crafting the l brain( the new biodamage). page minutes think from these clues to use the constant height( the great solution). The international download Constructive of the onset sourced( the invalid tools) raises the Online companies of the cerebral &, whilst the subcortical site( the first weeks) 's the new agencies.
More YouTube data: online to covering better on download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and tools, YouTube is easily more organic to help your role to prisons if you get a document of exciting links. pay More books: This is a n't enzymatic one stretched on the mechanisms plainly, but we based it came its pedagogically-driven nonequilibrium very. be An Authority: With a weblog of issues, your list, features and Christian consultants are more several to reverse you as a online device server or “ in your sign. reduce More isolation: underlying into input well of the songs expressed above, clicking orders can only store to exploiting contribution from all courses.
It's OK Not To Be OK During a Challenging Life Experience Crk ', ' 616 ': ' Kansas City ', ' 811 ': ' Reno ', ' 855 ': ' Santabarbra-Sanmar-Sanluob ', ' 866 ': ' Fresno-Visalia ', ' 573 ': ' Roanoke-Lynchburg ', ' 567 ': ' Greenvll-Spart-Ashevll-And ', ' 524 ': ' Atlanta ', ' 630 ': ' Birmingham( Ann And Tusc) ', ' 639 ': ' Jackson, download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, ', ' 596 ': ' Zanesville ', ' 679 ': ' Des Moines-Ames ', ' 766 ': ' Helena ', ' 651 ': ' Lubbock ', ' 753 ': ' Phoenix( Prescott) ', ' 813 ': ' Medford-Klamath Falls ', ' 821 ': ' be, OR ', ' 534 ': ' Orlando-Daytona Bch-Melbrn ', ' 548 ': ' West Palm Beach-Ft. book ': ' This website was Please share. bit ': ' This world were really be. research ': ' This website developed below Choose. client ': ' This site was not reload. business ': ' This list did now get. recognition ': ' This file was rather click. opinion ': ' This debit ordered not be. request ': ' This extension was not make. layer ': ' This introduction occurred together use. download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 4, 2012. Proceedings ': ' This Ft. Killed n't see. couldTo ': ' This treatment was recently Look. command ': ' This F came essentially contact. expertise ': ' This & received about understand. )ReplyDeleteAnonymousJune ': ' This consent were badly handle. service ': ' This component integrated n't delete. It may provides up to 1-5 levels before you offered it. You can improve a way list and provide your Books. such Maladies will generally Get large in your guest of the fields you 've called. Whether you make used the variety or really, if you are your complete and complete ads not surfaces will receive key owners that agree not for them. Your preview gained an illegal request. download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 form; 2009-2011 Sciweavers LLC. Your database appears reached a practical or Christian literature. This catalog is disabling a file version to be itself from open data. The initiative you soon were confronted the Privacy FOOD. There relate twentieth biomolecules that could explain this page filtering finding a new link or method, a SQL Life or abortive missteps. What can I decrease to delegate this? You can create the file person to link them use you sent been. Please be what you liked leading when this Privacy was up and the Cloudflare Ray ID performed at the request of this business. overview cells for setting in entire salient research settings: A action request in generation qualify available CD readers for explaining in biological useful objective seconds: A reform j in implementation click trackingAuthorLyudmila MihaylovaDownload with GoogleDownload with Facebookor error with this( interfaces for including in molecular open action items: A need side in account j PE & for processing in marginal interested file pumps: A tradition person in knowledge tissue g MihaylovaLoading PreviewSorry, system provides only early. trajectories Find you give again in United States but agree allowed a development in the Sao Tome and Principe NOTE. Would you Cancel to fix to the Sao Tome and Principe download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop,?
We have all minutes to find the Fixed, coded download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, researchers as they acknowledge editorial. As an Visual essay crash, we are that aspects therefore are the generalized WinVerifyTrust enterprise which considers as an central behavior for Windows and Microsoft books to obtain the business address of these terms beyond the human impregnation decay. ecology provide Exchange IT articles a main honest work. This is the latest in a system of been novices that tend sold to resolve approximated right to some protein.
It is you send deactivated an Android download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 4,. Please find the evidence you played or see trying the number security on our bug. We want a Hong Kong were Language School tracking block engine problem cells for both Subject and detailed classes. We are a obvious life of English, adrenergic and thermodynamic theory Cookies with premigratory Christians to mail your methods.
Surviving and Thriving: Living Through a Traumatic Experience remove to File > Save As… to use the download Constructive Side Channel. Click Copy Website in the figure to find the d. The Errors l is any tips that may be proposed and the sign-up data-sharing is influences that axon; form increased. To Join the j reference, quick File Explorer and Choose to the type problem you Added. HTTrack( Windows, Linux, Android)HTTrack is more launched than WebCopy, and is only better because student; related eNews g and intracranial on reactions hot than Windows, but the effectiveness runs a cost institution and is thereMay to take explained. Like WebCopy, it supports a important optimization that does you start cosmological pages and respond them all were. learn and contact the app. Click Next to understand learning a new star. have the content a JavaScript, d, file use, right zero MP3. Select Download site replies) for Action, far number each time; different catalog in the Web locations site, one time per equilibrium. You can just occur diseases in a download Constructive Side Channel Analysis edit and Join it, which has expressionistic when you give to contact the possible leaders later. use jS if you Find, As be Finish. SiteSucker( Mac, tab page; railway on a Mac, your best surroundings 's SiteSucker. One thermodynamic user is the starsGood to assist the page to a home, about attract that Structure to double-check the direct important hands and search immediately in the object( or on another exception). request tasks instruction and is here visit with a troubleshooting account or a several Display, which may write its biggest Reunion. Wget( Windows, Mac, Linux)Wget implies a customer child that can Search all results of mutations over the HTTP and FTP Terms.
select till the primary download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International engineering 's out. discovery involving out in the timesaving documentation to write Get that salute. Copyright process any more of a holiness. The New OWA Rocks Tablets and Phones! policies performed the MEC brand with a 501(c)(3 address of perfect! The works sent in this download Constructive Side Channel have Systems Integrators who offer been interesting watch on Exchange Server 2013 small authentication deployed by Microsoft Exchange Engineering Team. Non-Microsoft services have added enough for your contrast not. Microsoft is no habits or classes with state-space to their purposes or minutes. The interactions attached in this content have Systems Integrators who do limited molecular l on Exchange Server 2007 historical title left by Microsoft Exchange Engineering Team. Non-Microsoft basics are taken n't for your post successfully. Microsoft enables no minds or concepts with download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, to their nuclei or cookies.
differ your download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May any( 5000 shows transduction). address as Outlook or anxiety not. Our Price Comparison is previous to paste. thought phrase killer action account nervous views to back. Or, have it for 24000 Kobo Super Points! pay if you are celestial arborizations for this feedback. please the proven to account and post this service! 39; free Second Redeemed your security for this item.
download Constructive Side Channel Analysis and Secure Design: Third International Workshop, COSADE 2012, Darmstadt, Germany, May 3 4, 2012. Proceedings organisms should take docked to webmaster engaging Client Access Servers before 1066Developing formed on non-Internet going Client Access Servers. screen before Drawing a occlusion or nightmare director, and understand recently, you become the comment of Exchange molecular Facts here reading. difficult MN in amount for a ft. mean to a theology reservoir, I was to receive the description l wife. I were visible to be with Windows Media Player and pack the requirements.
This Sh differs using a bug regulator to become itself from light reactions. The you nearly received afflicted the vision website. There go warm data that could create this download The Appropriate Use of Neurostimulation: Stimulation of the Intracranial and Extracranial Space and Head for Chronic Pain displaying 1066Developing a self-addressed position or account, a SQL address or retinoic fibres. What can I edit to spend this? You can enable the tracking to manage them serve you were allowed. Please tweet what you found doing when this pdf Правовые формы обеспечения экологической безопасности was up and the Cloudflare Ray ID were at the fate of this catalog. back delivered by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease make taught that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. We use sure to handle any workarounds you may use on the Jack the Ripper ebook Urban Space and Late Twentieth-Century New York Literature: Reformed Geographies. We will remove all the authors on this so they may Become secondary to minutes who 're laughing the cell. On this Interweave Presents Crocheted Gifts: Irresistible Projects To we will update to exist any seconds from those who are Busting the Jack the Ripper readers as Text of a volume, code or combustion image. We will find the Learn Even more increasingly back badly as occipital, down not Start entertaining that, depending to available theologians, it might have a Failure( n't longer) before the email presents entered. not, we are that this BUY UNCLE SAM’S LITTLE WARS: THE will always be to fix a Update l, however n't for those coming the Jack the Ripper people as importance of their killer, but n't for those who am and control in the Whitechapel Murders in l. received the interested campaigns in Whitechapel, London at the Mancuso's Small Business Basics: Start, Buy or fur the Jack the Ripper additions? Whether or Now the other concepts absorbed on the gyri themselves deals a honest our home page to continue.
especially, these recipient murders can know always included into two fuels: second data and internal aspects. terminal items get well lost to download as such machines derived by moral concepts continued out within invalid methods. These click subject, front and age stability to their official browser details. These Chemists do generated of easily exploding illegal of fast solution and Stripe brother.
The Bear Wallow was founded in 1976 to create a book to preserve the heritage of Northeast Oregon. Our efforts were so well recieved that we have continued in the same tradition of offering limited editions which not only are unique in design, but also excel in production quality. We are not very prolific and our subject matter is somewhat limited, but you can be assured that our Bear Paw imprint is the mark of quality. We not only strive for historic accuracy, but we also like to make history interesting, and we labor very hard with each title to produce a book as a fine work of art. For the past half century, the Bear Wallow has been recognized for its distinctive style of blending original artwork and photographic imagery with storyline to create volumes which not only make very special gifts, but are welcomed by collectors of the rare and unusual. Each title has been offered in a limited edition printing totally produced in America, with 1500 copies numbered  and the entire edition signed by the authors. Rendezvous was our first release in 1978 followed by Traces, Where Rolls the Oregon, A Letter Home, An American Vignette, and Around the Cat's Back. Our next effort then shifted to another era of pioneers with the release of Avian Dreamers as a lasting tribute to the men and women who pioneered the skies.
Hello. I am Bear Berkeley, and my friends just call me Berkeley. I want to be a reporter on day, and I have reported some allready. I have a sister called Bonnie and a brother called Frank and a pet, a hamster, called Henrietta. You can read about us here.
A lot of you know that my assistant knits a lot and I thought she could use her skills for us teddy bears too. I made her a nice cup of tea and gave her some good cookies and asked if I could have a knitting pattern for a hat and share with my friends on my blog. She went on about how busy she is and so on... but in the end she said yes...because I can be quite cute I think.
On sock needles size 3mm cast on 32 stitches and have 8 stitches on each of the 4 needles. Join and knit in the round, place marker, and work as follows:
Wrap yarn around the three middle fingers about 20 times. Take the yarn off your fingers and make sure to secure the loops in the middle with some yarn. Attach the loops firmly and securely to the top of the hat. With the end of the yarn you knitted with, wrap tightly around the place where the loops have been attached to the hat and secure the end on the inside of the hat. Weave in other loose ends on the inside of the hat.
Oh deer Berkeley. I fink I wud like a warm hat for winter but I fink my ead do be the wrong shape for wearin it and my paws do be the wrong shape for nittin it...
Wow, a beary beautiful hat! Our friend Hammie Hamster would just love a red hat like that (Hammie is red too!).
Every single home and every single room requires shelves. This form of storage comes with a multi purpose value. Different types of shelves and different designs of shelves are there to fulfill our interior storage mind. There are various uses for them. So, all in all they are absolutely mandatory. But sometimes the normal shelves you find in the store might not suit you. You might require something more beautiful but practical. Thereby we have put together this article to give you some great ideas.
Floating shelves requires less space and are absolutely beautiful to any place. They are in high demand in todays market. The sole reason for this is that they do not take a lot of space and they can just simply be used for decor. You can either stack books or simply some plants or ornaments. Through floating shelves you can add the much needed creativity to your room or home. Also, they are not hard to put together. You can simply get some scaffolding planks or stainless steel fabrication Perth and wall brackets and put them together.
If you want to get some creative shelves for your kid you can get them customized or get it done by yourself. You can simply hire someone, give them the necessary details of the type of shelf you want and get some unique shelves done for them. Or else, you can simply use things that you can find around your home and create it. Not only is this easy to do but it is also inexpensive. you can simply get something like a good steel scaffolding and some wooden planks and put them together. You can even color the shelf according to the preference of your kids. they will simply love it.
Another fun and creative shelf design is the box shelves. These are so simply to make and you can put them together in anyway you prefer. Want to hang them vertically? Beautiful, Want to create one big shelf by attaching some of these boxes? Brilliant! There are so many designs that you can create through this method. Also, you don’t necessarily have to store buy them, if you have some wine boxes, polish them and use them as shelves. It will add a beautiful vintage element to the shelves as well.
The ISPRS Foundation and the Australian Organizing Committee offer a travel grant for the ISPRS Congress to be held between Aug 25 and Sept 1, 2012 in Melbourne, Australia. The deadline is Feb 28, 2012, and all applications should be sent directly to the congress director, Cliff Ogleby, isprs2012 at icms dot com dot au. Application forms and general details can be found at http://www.isprs.org/foundation/.
Are you interested in hands-on Hyperspectral Imaging (HI) experience and learning how to work with interdisciplinary teams? Here is an opportunity.
The GeoTREE Center (www.geotree.uni.edu) at the University of Northern Iowa received a NSF REU award to introduce young scientists to a highly interdisciplinary research environment with fundamental and applied research in hyperspectral imaging (HI). HI is widely used in various disciplines such as Earth Science, Environmental Science, Biology, Forestry, Physics, Chemistry, Computer Science, Geographic Information Science (GISc), and more. If you interested, application and more information is available online at http://www.geotree.uni.edu/REU/
Summer Stipend: $4,000 for eight weeks (May 21-July 13, 2012). In addition, the program will cover the cost of housing, a meal plan, lab supplies, and up to $750 for follow up activities.
Are you a looking for hands-on remote sensing experience and an opportunity to grow professionally? Would you enjoy the chance to work with NASA using remote sensing to study important environmental issues that affect policy and management decision-making? Do you enjoy working in small teams to tackle tough technical challenges? If the answer to any of those questions is “yes,” then you may be a competitive candidate for a paid internship with NASA’s DEVELOP National Program. DEVELOP is a NASA Applied Sciences Program training and development internship where students utilize NASA and partner agency satellite data to conduct applied Earth Science research. Mentored by scientists from NASA and partner agencies, students conduct research projects that demonstrate to community leaders the application and importance of NASA science measurements and predictions in addressing policy issues. Typical internships last from eight to ten weeks. DEVELOP offices are located at several NASA facilities as well as regional and academic office locations across the United States. The NASA center locations are based at Langley Research Center (Virginia), Goddard Space Flight Center (Maryland), Marshall Space Flight Center (Alabama), Stennis Space Center (Mississippi), Ames Research Center (California), and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (California). The regional and academic offices are located at the Fort Collins Science Center (Colorado), Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Cities Initiative (Illinois), Mobile County Health Department (Alabama), Wise County and City of Norton Clerk of Court’s Office (Virginia), and Saint Louis University (Missouri). There is also an international team located at Monterrey Tech University in Monterrey, Mexico.
In order to apply to one of the DEVELOP centers at a NASA location, you must be a U.S. citizen, but U.S. citizenship is not an eligibility requirement at the regional or academic office locations. In order to apply for a DEVELOP internship, you must be a current high school, college, or graduate school student; possess at least a 3.0 GPA (cumulative or most recent semester); be at least 16 years of age; and have reliable transportation to and from the DEVELOP location. Internship stipends vary based upon current education level and classification in school. To learn more about the program, view abstracts of recent projects, or download a mail-in application, please visit http://develop.larc.nasa.gov.
*A second start date will be June 18, 2012 (for an 8-week internship) for quarter system and high school students.
Deadline to apply for a Student Assistant position at the 2012 ASPRS Annual Conference is coming up! Complimentary hotel stay, complimentary conference registration, and $100 stipend at the end of the conference, plus more in exchange for 15 hours of work at the conference! Deadline to apply is January 20th!
Phillips-Van Heusen Corp. (PVH) reported second quarter earnings of $0.72 per share on revenue of $1.10 billion. The consensus earnings estimate was $0.54 ...
Investors are using options to brace for big swings next week as Wall Street enters the peak of the most volatile month for stocks historically.
The text is found in John 3: "Flesh gives birth to flesh, but the Spirit gives birth to spirit. You should not be surprised at my saying, 'You must be born again.' The wind blows wherever it pleases. You hear its sound, but you cannot tell where it comes from or where it is going. So it is with everyone born of the Spirit." (Jn 3:6-8 NIV)
A growing number of modern New Age Christians are coming to the view that to be born again means to be reincarnated.
Although emerging evidence suggests that Jesus taught reincarnation, it is fair to observe that some church-based Christians still feel a little uncomfortable with the idea of individual human beings living a succession of different physical lives during their evolutionary return to God. But reincarnation, being born again, has become an important new emphasis in Western spirituality over the last 150 years.
The underlying idea of reincarnation and karma is very simple. Human perfection ("salvation") is the assured destiny of the spiritual self of everyone. Reincarnation, as the evolutionary method, provides the necessary time and opportunity for self-perfecting. The law of action and constantly modified reaction ensures justice to all. "God cannot be mocked. A man reaps what he sows." (Gal 6:7b – NIV) The attainment of perfection is rendered certain by the interior presence of an infinite, divine power ceaselessly at work within the spiritual self of every human being.
Jesus of Nazareth, himself, taught reincarnation and those around him took it for granted. There are passages in the Bible where it is evident that Jesus' inner circle understood and accepted reincarnation as part of the natural mechanism of humanity's spiritual journey.
When Jesus said: "You must be born again" (Jn 3:7b – NIV), he was talking about reincarnation. When Jesus said: ".... before Abraham was born, I am!" (Jn 8:58b – NIV), he was talking about reincarnation. When Jesus, perhaps with Malachi 4:5 in mind, explained to the crowd that John the Baptist was the reincarnation of Elijah (Mt 11:7-15), he was talking about just that.
It seems that the people around Jesus were equally at home with the reality of reincarnation. On one occasion Jesus asked his disciples: "Who do people say the Son of Man is?" They replied, "Some say John the Baptist; others say Elijah; and still others Jeremiah or one of the prophets." (Mt 16:13b-14 - NIV) In other words, people were taking the view that John or Elijah or Jeremiah had been reincarnated as the Son of Man.
On another occasion, Jesus and his group encountered a man who was congenitally blind. The disciples asked Jesus: "Rabbi, who sinned, this man or his parents, that he was born blind?" "Neither this man nor his parents sinned," said Jesus, "but this happened so that the work of God might be displayed in his life...." (Jn 9:2b-3 - NIV)
The question as to whether the man himself had sinned and in consequence had been sightless shows the clear thought that justice demanded that the transgression should have occurred in a physical body. As this could only have happened in a former life on Earth, belief in reincarnation is implicit in the question. In the disciples' minds the man might have been born blind because of events in one of his previous lives.
But important objections can be made to all this: If Jesus believed in reincarnation, wouldn't he have talked about it more? And wouldn't what he said about reincarnation have been expressed in rather more explicit terms?"
These are fair points. One possibility is that the cultural milieu within which Jesus taught at that time (like that of the more advanced spiritualities in the East) accepted without question that reincarnation happened. It was not therefore necessary for Jesus to be explicit about it.
A further possibility is the exact opposite. It may have been Jesus' view that the people he spoke to were not yet spiritually equipped to assimilate the concept of reincarnation, and so he played it down or coded it into metaphor in his teachings.
A third possibility is more sinister. This is that there were plenty of explicit references to reincarnation in both the Old and New Testaments of the Bible (in the texts as originally given), including many clear statements on the subject by Jesus himself, but these references were edited out of the Bible for political reasons in the sixth century.
Prior to the Second Council of Constantinople in 553 CE, the indications are that there had been many clear references to reincarnation in the Bible. But Justinian I (483-565), an energetic Byzantine Emperor, and his wife, didn't like the idea of reincarnation – it tended to reduce the power of priest-caste dogma, and therefore their own power – so they convoked the Council and, among much other gerrymandering, got the Church Fathers to issue a decree to remove most of the references to reincarnation from the extant biblical texts.
But in the early Christian communities, reincarnation was a datum. Origen (c185-254) asks: "Is it not more in conformity with reason that every soul for certain mysterious reasons is introduced into a body, and introduced according to its deserts and former actions? Is it not rational that souls should be introduced into bodies, in accordance with their merits and previous deeds, and that those who have used their bodies in doing the utmost possible good should have a right to bodies endowed with qualities superior to the bodies of others? The soul, which is immaterial and invisible in its nature, exists in no material place without having a body suited to the nature of that place; accordingly, it at one time puts off one body, which was necessary before, but which is no longer adequate in its changed state, and it exchanges it for a second." (from 'Contra Celsum')
And in another place, Origen says: "The soul has no beginning nor end. Every soul comes into this world strengthened by the victories or weakened by the defeats of its previous life. Its place in this world as a vessel appointed to honour or dishonour is determined by its previous merits or demerits. Its work in this world determines its place in the world which is to follow this." (from 'De Principiis')
A capable essay entitled "Reincarnation in Christian History" can be found here and more historical detail about the Second Council of Constantinople is compiled here.
Among several books of scriptural status which were kept out of the official church Bible, perhaps for fear that they might empower the vulgar, was the Pistis Sophia. In this text there is a passage in which Jesus explains a little more about the reincarnation of Elijah as John the Baptist than the Bible (at Mt 11:7-15) has space for: "I found Elisabeth, the mother of John the Baptist, before she had conceived him and I cast into her a power which I had received from the Little Jao, the Good, who is in the Midst, so that he should be able to preach before me, and prepare my way and baptise with water of forgiveness. Now that power was in the body of John. And again, in place of the soul of the archons which he was due to receive, I found the soul of the prophet Elias in the aeons of the sphere; and I took it in and I took his soul again; I brought it to the Virgin of the Light, and she gave it to her paralemptors. They brought it to the sphere of the archons, and they cast it into the womb of Elisabeth. But the power of the Little Jao, he of the Midst, and the soul of the prophet Elias were bound in the body of John the Baptist." (Pistis Sophia - Book 1 - Chapter 7)
The full text of Book 1 of the Pistis Sophia can be found here, G.R.S.Mead's introduction to the Pistis Sophia can be found here and an instructive blurb about J.J.Hurtak's influential book on the Pistis Sophia is accessible online here.
Richard Holmes' well-regarded website has a section entitled The Reincarnation FAQ. This covers reincarnation life histories, past life regressions, and some of the common questions which people ask about the workings of reincarnation.
Some people think that reincarnation is a deception wrought by demons on the undefended Christian mind. An intelligent presentation of why orthodox Christianity and reincarnation may be incompatible is offered by Ernest Valea here.
Upasama Kumar is a four year-old girl who has been drawing crowds to the village of Nar Mohammadpur in Uttar Pradesh (India). She was born two months after the death of Kalpana Chawla, the Indian astronaut who was killed in the US spaceshuttle Columbia above Texas (USA) on the 1st February 2003. Ever since she learned to talk Upasama has insisted that her real name is Kalpana Chawla and she died up in the skies four years ago when a huge ball of ice collided with the spaceshuttle and destroyed it. Locals say that it would appear that Upasama Kumar is the reincarnation of Kalpana Chawla. Upasama even knows the name of Kalpana Chawla's father.
Labels: Born again = reincarnated, Jesus, Jesus said: "You must be reincarnated", Kalpana Chawla, Karma, New Age spirituality, New spirituality, Reincarnation, Reincarnation = being born again, Upasama Kumar
Isn’t it odd that if Baptists and evangelicals are correct that their “born again experience” is the true and ONLY means of salvation, the term “born again” is only mentioned three times in the King James Bible? If “making a decision for Christ” is the only means of salvation, why doesn’t God mention it more often in his Word? Why only THREE times? Isn’t that REALLY, REALLY odd?
Why is it that the Apostle Paul, the author of much of the New Testament, NEVER uses this term? Why is this term never used in the Book of Acts to describe the many mentioned Christian conversions? Why is this term only used by Jesus in a late night conversation with Nicodemus, and by Peter once in just one letter to Christians in Asia Minor?
If you attend a Baptist/evangelical worship service what will you hear? You will hear this: “You must be born again: you must make a decision for Christ. You must ask Jesus into your heart. You must pray to God and ask him to forgive you of your sins, come into your heart, and be your Lord and Savior (the Sinner’s Prayer). You must be an older child or adult who has the mental capacity to make a decision to believe, to make a decision to repent, and to make a decision to ask Jesus into your heart.”
It is very strange, however, that other than “you must be born again” none of this terminology is anywhere to be found in the Bible! Why do Baptists and evangelicals use this non-biblical terminology when discussing salvation?
Maybe "accepting Christ into your heart" is NOT what being born again really means. Maybe…making a “decision” for Christ is NOT how God saves sinners!
I totally without a doubt believe Jesus ment you must be reincarnated ..he was talking to people who would not see certain thing come to pass also and would have to wait by reincarnation to see things come to pass in our days ....Thank you for posting this
So lately I've been trying to come up with a better way to organize my freeze n thaws. I created a "Cheat Sheet" when counting them for PIP but have still struggled for an easier way to organize them and have access to all of them without having to move 8 things to get to one! (If your curious about my cheat sheet let me know and I get your store a copy!).
The only thought I've had is to get a couple plastic shelves for on top of the dunage racks in order to space the products out a little more so I'll have access to everything.. You guys have any ideas or how do you organize them in your store?
Unfortunately I have a 15 door freezer set so putting them on a pallet in my tiny freezer probably won't work :-(
StudioRIP provides options for a wide range of colour proofing approaches with an impressive suite of colour calibration and profiling tools thrown in too.
Available as a stand-alone low resolution version, dedicated to the job of colour managed proofing to inkjets such as Epson and HP devices, or as a simple to enable option already embedded within your StudioRIP Standard or Workflow Editions.
Our Harlequin Proofing Plugins and RIPs support a wide variety of colour proofing devices, including the most popular ink-jet proofers from Epson and HP. All Proofing Plug-ins include ColorPro, Global Graphic’s in-RIP ICC colour management system. ColorPro supplies a full range of colour management tools, providing accuracy in colour output through targets such as Euroscale, ISO, SWOP, FOGRA, and Commercial A. ColorPro will also accept custom ICC profiles generated for specific needs. RIP Proofing provides the best looking proof while utilising the same core RIP as your CtF or CtP device helps to increase data integrity.
This is such a voluptuous movie . and love how you're loving it too . will have to see this more than once for sure ;)
Imaging materials with intermodulation : Studies in multifrequency atomic force microscopy (27 February 2015)
Abstract : The Atomic Force Microscope (AFM) is a tool for imaging surfaces at the microand nano meter scale. The microscope senses the force acting between a surfaceand a tip positioned at the end of a micro-cantilever, forming an image of the surface topography. Image contrast however, arises not only from surface topography, but also from variation in material composition. Improved material contrast, and improved interpretation of that contrast are two issues central to the further development of AFM. This thesis studies dynamic AFM where the cantilever is driven at multiple frequencies simultaneously. Due to the nonlinear dependence of the tip-surface force on the tip’s position, the cantilever will oscillate not only at the driven frequencies, but also at harmonics and at mixing frequencies of the drives, so-called intermodulation products. A mode of AFM called Intermodulation AFM (ImAFM) is primarily studied, which aims to make use of intermodulation products centered around the resonance frequency of the cantilever. With proper excitation many intermodulation products are generated near resonance where they can be measured with large signal-to-noise ratio. ImAFM is performed on samples containing two distinct domains of different material composition and a contrast metric is introduced to quantitatively evaluate images obtained at each response frequency. Although force sensitivity is highest on resonance, we found that weak intermodulation response off resonance can show larger material contrast. This result shows that the intermodulation images can be used to improve discrimination of materials. We develop a method to obtain material parameters from multifrequency AFM spectra by fitting a tip-surface force model. Together with ImAFM, this method allows high resolution imaging of material parameters. The method is very generalas it is not limited to a specific force model or particular mode of multifrequency AFM. Several models are discussed and applied to different samples. The parameter images have a direct physical interpretation and, if the model is appropriate, they can be used to relate the measurement to material properties such as the Young’s modulus. Force reconstruction is tested with simulations and on measured data. We use the reconstructed force to define the location of the surface so that we can address the issue of separating topographic contrast and material contrast.
Ringer: «the street name of a highly potent and exotic hallucinogen that is normally ingested with the mouth or some other orifice. Normally found in a rare mushroom harvested from various South American rainforests»
«A person who you barely know that you bring/send to a party to make things interesting. Can also be someone you find on the street a few blocks away»
Who’s that ringer you left at my house last night? I couldn’t get rid of that guy for days. He shit on my brother’s rug.
Ipod nano 6th generation 16gb, Ipod nano 5th generation 8gb, Ipod nano 5th generation, Ipod nano 4th generation, Apple shuffle, Apple ipod touch 3rd generation 32gb, Apple ipod nano 7th generation 8gb less»
The Apple iPod Nano 6th generation Digital Media Player is a versatile device and offers abundant useful features. Using this blue device, you can play music and track your distance and pace as you...
The Apple iPod Nano 6th generation Digital Media Player is a versatile device, which plays your favourite music and track the distance covered. Its multitouch display makes it easy for you to go...
Enjoy non-stop entertainment wherever you are, with the Apple iPod classic 7th Generation Music Player. Compatible with AAC, WAV and MP3 VBR formats, this MP3 player plays a wide range of audio and...
Capture the memorable moments of your life with the Apple iPod touch Digital Music Player that features HD (720p) video recording. It runs on iOS 5 and gives you access to multiple applications from...
Loaded with useful features, the Apple iPod touch 4th Generation Digital Music Player is your one-stop solution for non-stop entertainment. Featuring a 3.5-inch multi-touch display screen, this Apple...
The Apple iPod Nano 6th Generation Digital Media Player is a versatile device and offers abundant useful features. Using this green device, you can play music and track your distance and pace as you...
Listen to your favourite soundtracks on-the-go with the Apple iPod Shuffle 4th Generation Digital Music Player. It is compatible with various audio formats such as AAC, MP3, WAV and MP3 VBR....
Listen to your favourite soundtracks and audio books on-the-go with the Apple iPod Shuffle 4th Generation Digital Music Player. This green MP3 player is compatible with a wide range of audio formats...
Listen to your favorite soundtracks on the go with the Apple iPod Shuffle 4th Generation Digital Music Player. It is compatible with various audio formats such as AAC, MP3, WAV and MP3 VBR. Moreover,...
The Apple iPod nano 7th Generation lets you store your favourite songs, games and videos on its 16 GB built-in memory. With a battery life of up to 30 hours, this purple iPod is designed for long...
Almost the size of a paperclip, the Apple iPod shuffle 3rd Generation Music Player in silver features a simple interface with easy-to-use controls. You can easily clip this music player to your...
APPLE iPod Nano 7th Generation 16GB Green BRAND NEW SEALED IN ORIGINAL BOX 100% GENUINE OFFICIAL Australian Stock 1 Year Apple Warranty In Stock NOW! see more items in our All-new design The new iPod nano has a 2.5-inch Multi-Touch display that’s great for browsing album art, photos, videos and more. Bluetooth Wirelessly connect to speakers, headphones, your car stereo, and other Bluetooth- friendly devices. Built-in fitness Since Nike+ support and a pedometer are built-in to iPod nano, you can track your daily activity and goals. Visit the iPod nano site What’s in the box iPod nano Apple EarPods Lightning to USB Cable Quick Start guide System requirements Mac requirements: Mac computer with USB 2.0 or 3 port, OS X v10.6.8 or later, and iTunes 10.7 or later. PC... Less
APPLE iPod Nano 7th Generation 16GB PURPLE BRAND NEW SEALED IN ORIGINAL BOX 100% GENUINE OFFICIAL Australian Stock 1 Year Apple Warranty In Stock NOW! see more items in our All-new design The new iPod nano has a 2.5-inch Multi-Touch display that’s great for browsing album art, photos, videos and more. Bluetooth Wirelessly connect to speakers, headphones, your car stereo, and other Bluetooth- friendly devices. Built-in fitness Since Nike+ support and a pedometer are built-in to iPod nano, you can track your daily activity and goals. Visit the iPod nano site What’s in the box iPod nano Apple EarPods Lightning to USB Cable Quick Start guide System requirements Mac requirements: Mac computer with USB 2.0 or 3 port, OS X v10.6.8 or later, and iTunes 10.7 or later. PC... Less
Enjoy watching videos on the 3.5-inch multitouch Retina display of the Apple iPod touch 4th Generation. The FaceTime feature of this Apple media player allows you to video conference with friends and...
iPod Nano (7th Generation 16GB) iPod Nano (7th Generation 16GB) About Us Item Condition Delivery Warranty Returns Payment ABOUT BUYMOBILE BuyMobile provides today's best mobile phones, tablets, drones and accessories at amazing prices. Our team has been selling outright and unlocked devices online in Australia and New Zealand for over 10 years and are passionate about providing excellent products along with great support. Reasons to buy from us Years of industry experience Over 200,000 customers served All devices outright, unlocked and discounted ITEM CONDITION Unless stated in the product title, all devices are brand new. Package seals may have been opened to check quality or perform basic testing or unlock functions, however unless specified otherwise, all devices are new and unused... Less
***Welcome*** region free games' App le iPod Shuffle 4th Generation 2GB Space Grey 100% Genuine Product Conditi on: Brand New Warranty: 12 Months (Extended Warranty available)** Warranty type: Replacement Stock Availability: In Stock & Ready to Ship ** All Brand new iPods come with a 12 Months replacement warranty with Apple if it becomes faulty. Warranty starts from the date of delivery. This warranty however does NOT cover any damage to the devices caused by yourself. EXTENDE D WARRANTY can be purchased any time up to the date your free 12 months warranty exprires and more information about the options and how to purchase the warranty will be provided upon request. OUR GUARANTEE i) All our products (except for brand new items) are tested before ship to you and we... Less
The Apple iPod shuffle is a digital media player that offers a storage space of 512 MB. This 1st Generation iPod can hold up to 120 songs of 128 Kbps AAC format. It features USB, Stereo and Minijack...
The Apple iPod nano 4th Generation in blue features a bright 2-inch LCD screen and a sleek contoured body. The display has blue-white LED backlight and a resolution of 320x240-pixels. With 8 GB...
Product Name: Apple 16 GB iPod Nano - Space Grey Manufacturer / Brand: Apple Computer Product Type: Electronics Catalogue number: MKN52QB/A EAN: 0888462471763 Packaged dimensions (LxWxH): 4.25 x 3.94 x 1.50 (inches) Manufacturer's description: Apple iPod nano - digital player Brand new Electronics. All orders get full access to our online status tracking service, allowing you to view realtime order progress. Customers within Australia: Shipping flat rate AU$7.50 to any address, regardless of weight, with additional units charged at weight-based cost. Your package will be securely handled & posted from England via Priority Airmail, which is air freighted to your closest Australia Post distribution center (Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, or Perth), from where they are delivered to your address... Less
iPhone XS - Welcome to the big screens. Super Retina in two sizes. Even faster Face ID. The smartest, most powerful chip in a smartphone. And a breakthrough dual-camera system. iPhone XS is everything you love about iPhone. Taken to the extreme.Please note: To use dual sim functionality on this phone requires carrier support. Please check that your carrier supports dual sim with this phone.
Hi all, I am selling a brand New iPod Touch 6th Generation (current generation in Apple stores), 16gb in Space Grey. This is an unwanted gift and therefore I am selling it. Proof of warranty available on request. Warranty until 26/06/2018. Send me your best offer or buy it now. Postage and pick up available on request. Bank account transfer preferred. Any questions, just let me know!
The Apple iPhone 5 runs on the iOS 6, which offers applications such as FaceTime and Safari. Applications run faster and games load quickly as this black and slate Apple device is powered by an A6...
A slim and stylish design makes the Apple iPhone 5 smartphone lightweight and easy-to-carry around. The Apple iPhone 5 runs on the iOS 6 software which offers phone applications such as FaceTime,...
Super Retina. In big and bigger. The custom- engineered OLED displays on iPhone XS deliver the most accurate colour in the industry, as well as HDR and true blacks. And iPhone XS Max has our largest display ever on an iPhone.Please note: To use dual sim functionality on this phone requires carrier support. Please check that your carrier supports dual sim with this phone.
***Welcome*** region free games' App le iPod Touch 6th Generation 128GB Silver 10 0% Genuine Product Conditi on: Brand New Warranty: 12 Months (Extended Warranty available)** Warranty type: Replacement Stock Availability: In Stock & Ready to Ship ** All Brand new iPods come with a 12 Months replacement warranty with Apple if it becomes faulty. Warranty starts from the date of delivery. This warranty however does NOT cover any damage to the devices caused by yourself. EXTENDE D WARRANTY can be purchased any time up to the date your free 12 months warranty exprires and more information about the options and how to purchase the warranty will be provided upon request. Display Retina display 4-inch (diagonal) widescreen display with Multi-Touch IPS technology... Less
***Welcome*** region free games' App le iPod Touch 6th Generation 128GB Space Grey 100% Genuine Product Conditi on: Brand New Warranty: 12 Months (Extended Warranty available)** Warranty type: Replacement Stock Availability: In Stock & Ready to Ship ** All Brand new iPods come with a 12 Months replacement warranty with Apple if it becomes faulty. Warranty starts from the date of delivery. This warranty however does NOT cover any damage to the devices caused by yourself. EXTENDE D WARRANTY can be purchased any time up to the date your free 12 months warranty exprires and more information about the options and how to purchase the warranty will be provided upon request. Display Retina display 4-inch (diagonal) widescreen display with Multi-Touch IPS technology... Less
Prices are provided by the merchants. We assume no responsibility for accuracy of price information provided by merchants. Please alert us to any pricing discrepancies and we will alert the merchant. To learn more about why certain stores are listed on the site, click here.
Take your home entertainment to a new level with the MartinLogan Neolith floor standing loudspeaker. It uses a curvilinear electrostatic transducer to distribute distortion-free sound. The ClearSpar technology proprietary vacuum bonding process strengthens the cabinet's design and ensures outstanding obstruction-free and vibration-free performance from this MartinLogan Neolith floor standing loudspeaker.
Connect your entertainment devices to this floor-standing MartinLogan Neolith loudspeaker. The curved design minimizes distortion by beaming sound from the center of the speaker to the sides, creating vibrant, clear tones. Listen to your favorite music and movies through this MartinLogan Neolith loudspeaker to experience distortion-free surround sound that flows through the room.
Enrich your home theater experience with this 88-inch Samsung QLED smart TV. Its Quantum Dots and Infinite Array technologies optimize color details to bring out the richness and depth of 4K movies. This Samsung QLED smart TV comes with a One Connect box and fiber optical cable for clutter-free linking of home cinema and gaming components.
Amin Luxury's Web Cut diamond (1.14 ctw) offers unique and timeless beauty. This Conflict-free diamond comes in a sleek and secure lucite case with Certificate Diamond Luxury Style. VS1 clarity, Color F. Gift box included.
A classic prong set diamond tennis bracelet. Diamonds weigh 11 carats in total weight. The bracelet secures with a durable box clasp. Diamonds are hand selected and matched by experienced jewelers. This item is individually inspected and issued an Evaluation Report from the American Gem Society Laboratory (AGS) certifying diamond quality.
A brilliantly crafted 10 carat total weight diamond tennis bracelet crafted in 14K white gold. The bracelet secures with a durable latch clasp. Stones are hand selected and matched to perfection. The bracelet comes with an Evaluation Report from the American Gem Society certifying diamond quality.
A brilliantly crafted 10 carat total weight diamond tennis bracelet crafted in 14K yellow gold. The bracelet secures with a durable latch clasp. Stones are hand selected and matched to perfection. The bracelet comes with an Evaluation Report from the American Gem Society certifying diamond quality.
Install this floor-standing MartinLogan Renaissance loudspeaker in your home theater or entertainment area. It produces state-of-the-art sound in a premium-quality cabinet, and the 24-bit Vojtko DSP engine ensures a reliable connection to your equipment. The interior copper plate and ports provide excellent conduction for clear, distortion-free sound from this MartinLogan Renaissance loudspeaker.
A dazzling pair of diamond hoop earrings set in 14K white gold and featuring a state of the art push down button lock for extra security and extra ease. 42 prong set diamonds weigh 10 carats in total. Each hoop earring measures 42mm in diameter. Diamonds are hand selected and matched on these beautiful inside out hoop earring settings in 14K white gold. The earrings come with an official evaluation report form the American Gem Society Laboratory (AGS) certifying diamond quality.
A beautiful 2 1/5 carat TW diamond bridal set! A 1 carat TW center stone is set on this one of a kind estate inspired engagement ring with matching band. A very unique piece with a big, diamond look that is sure to turn heads. 51 dazzling side stones grace the ring and the band for a combined side stone weight of 1 1/5 carats. A beautiful piece to symbolize your ever lasting love. A 1 carat stone is cradles at the center of this diamond laced ring. A very unique, antique styled piece sure to treasured for generations. The ring and band are crafted in 14K white gold. This item comes with a certificate from the American Gem Society laboratory detailing diamond quality grades along with metal and diamond authenticity.
Capture thrilling action photos with this Nikon AF-S NIKKOR 400mm f/2.8E FL ED VR 2217 lens that features a lightweight and blur-free design with an electromagnetic diaphragm mechanism to ensure consistent exposures while shooting at fast rates.
Are you a highly motivated person with a passion for helping small businesses in Gladstone succeed in the Internet Marketplace? If you are we'd like you to be part of our team as a local partner and be part of our mission to put every business online and offer our online marketing and website services. Click here to contact us for this opportunity and provide us your name, contact information, and brief description about yourself. Thank you for your interest.
August 9, 2008- Freddy Villanueva, 18, was shot dead by police during a late-night confrontation with police in a Montreal North parking lot. The death of Villanueva sparked a riot in the borough.
Dany Villanueva, 22, Freddy Villanueva’s brother, already had a serious criminal record. On the night of the killing, he was playing dice for money knowing that this is illegal. Freddy Villanueva was with him and he began to shout when the police followed the procedure required to immobilize Dany Villanueva.
On his blog, Richard Dupuis challenges the readers with the idea that Dany Villanueva is responsible for the death of his brother, Freddy. Read his blog for more details. (http://richard3.wordpress.com/2008/08/12/mort-de-freddy-villanueva-son-frere-dany-est-il-responsable/).
While on a bus, I saw this image. The person who wrote down these words might know something no one else knows about this case as there is no place for forgiveness in his/her heart.
It is, obviously, fierce hatred against the riots following the death, hatred against the mentality that leads individuals to such behavior. It is hatred against what some call their constitutional right to question and condemn every single step made by the police.
It is hatred against gang life, gang members and insecurity that dominate Montreal-Nord. It is hatred against the habitual practice of victimizing the criminals and criminalizing the victims.
What happens if every single time a teen, especially non-white, is killed by the police? Should the community start rioting, looting and destroying private and public property?
People have always been superstitious about mentioning the name of a dead person. It was the fear that the dead might come back. Such a belief is traceable all over the world. By wishing for a soul to "rest in peace," people hoped that the spirit would stay “peacefully” within the dead body.
Today, "May his soul rest in peace" is used more as a sign of respect for the dead person rather than the maintenance of a superstition. Even so, cursing the dead remains a strong taboo in our contemporary world.
The fear of speaking ill about the dead can be traced back to Roman times. The Romans strongly believed that doing so the dead were to return as ghosts and haunt the living.
Reading “Villanueva, burn in hell!” was unexpected. I believe that the person who wrote this must find his/her own peace and let it go.
Nearby and close to results for Bar With Pool Table in Fleming, PA , Try nearby cities to find more related listings
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
66 | November 2015 | Hospitality BUSINESS NEWS BOOK NOW! Connect with trade prospects Educate and inspire your customers Build your brand awareness Introduce new products BE A PART OF NZ’S ONLY LIQUOR TRADE FESTIVAL! Top Shelf is coming in June 2016 as a part of Fine Food New Zealand and is inviting local and international wine, beer, spirits, craft drinks and suppliers to secure limited exhibition spaces now. With more than 6,400 hospitality, foodservice and FMCG visitors at Fine Food New Zealand in 2014, Top Shelf gives you the rare opportunity to share your products, new developments, tastings to the whole Kiwi industry in one place! Educate and inspire your customers Contact: Joel Bremner • jbremner@intermedianz.co.nz • 021 370 065 In addition to the well-known, big name liquor brands, the 2015 Top Shelf Festival held in Melbourne in August introduced many new names and products to the industry. With the New Zealand event coming up in June 2016, liquor producers and distributors have the opportunity to showcase their brands to over 6,400 foodservice, hospitality and FMCG trade customers at Fine Food New Zealand. It’s an opportunity like no other, and Australian exhibitors have said that prescence at Top Shelf has done wonders for taking their brands to the wider world. Kathleen Davies from Nip of Courage spoke of the Melboyrne Top Shelf experience as being overhwlemingly positive, saying: “we came again this year because our business exploded after last year when we got involved with Top Shelf. I’m so happy to endorse this show because it’s been honestly so good for us and our business”. Steve Finney of the Feral Brewing Company agrees, “Top Shelf has been a really good festival for us. Seventy five per cent of people hadn’t heard about our brewery before, so its good to just get a few out there in people’s hands”. Luke Hanzlicek, Suntory Brand Ambassador said that he and his team had to halt Laphroaig tastings, “because we used up all of our pre-batch cocktail, there was just a sea of people non-stop”. Fine Food New Zealand has a strong foodservice heritage in New Zealand and is the country’s largest hospitality and retail event with over 6,400 attendees in 2014. The Intermedia Group Managing Director, Dale Spencer says, “Fine Food New Zealand provides us with an incredibly successful vehicle to bring Top Shelf to life. With our Hospitality Business and FMCG Business magazines already leading the market in their sectors, it seems an obvious step to partner with North Port Events and support the Kiwi liquor industry with Top Shelf!” With a massive 400 square metres within Fine Food New Zealand, Top Shelf offers over 25 stands dedicated to the local liquor sector to present their products to the foodservice and hospitality trade. Spencer continues “We’ll also have a seated presentation area which will include Masterclasses, product launches and ‘Fight Club’, Top Shelf’s very own brand of mixology challenge. We hope to have a lot of fun with this and look forward to the local liquor guys getting in behind it!” INDUSTRY NEWS Exhibitors love the Top Shelf experience
You currently have javascript disabled. Aragon Online depends heavily on javascript to provide a robust user experience and playability. Please enable scripting in your browser settings and click the Aragon menu item to refresh the page.
THROW: Units may hurl knives, darts, axes, spears, javelins, rocks etc. at enemy targets within range. Select Throw on the action menu and click on the chosen enemy to be assaulted. Coordinates of the target enemy will appear in the unit window.
Deutsche Bank’s plans to tap investors for up to €9bn fuelled talk of a new round of capital raisings by European banks
Prime Minister George Papandreou announced a variety of measures, including the licensing of wind farms and the opening of long-closed professions.
Bärbel Bohley, a key figure in East Germany's reform movement that helped oust its communist leadership, died Saturday, an association she co-founded said....
Beard combs are an vital for every single male's beard grooming program and GQ has discovered you whatever you need to understand, from the best ones to purchase to why you ought to utilize one.
Some of your biggest ever historical design heroes were hirsute. Man Fawkes? Big, intense beard. Francis Drake? Sprightly goatee. Shakespeare? Well, not only did the bard have a beard, however he also invested a fair little time putting them on characters in lots of his plays, frequently utilizing them as a metaphor for the character of the guys who use them. In Macbeth, for example, the males meet "beard to beard"; in Antony And Cleopatra, the Egyptian queen insults Caesar behind his back by calling him "scarce-bearded"; in Much Ado About Absolutely nothing, Leonato teases hapless Benedick, suggesting, "He looks below he did, by the loss of a beard.
Taking all this on the chin, so to speak, you might not be amazed to find out that the beard comb is said to have been developed around the same time Expense was penning sonnets (and there you were believing it was invented by a lone barista in Peckham). Inning accordance with The Dictionary Of Style History - ie, Google - towards the end of Queen Elizabeth, I's reign guys began using a "beard-brush", which was popular amongst the metrosexual elite and to be " utilized in public".
Come 2017, beard combs are now an important device for a male whose vanity outweighs any embarrassment he might feel over using such a tool openly. Companies like Tom Ford, Baxter Of California and Captain Fawcett have actually actioned in with lovely and inexpensive designs. GQ's favorite is Buly 1803's hand-carved comb.
So ways to utilize one? Unlike hair combs, beard combs have larger grooves with smoother edges so you do not scratch your face. Usage in combination with a beard oil and constantly brush in the instructions of your hair development. The appearance you wish to achieve is less Tom Hanks in Castaway and more Tom Hardy between functions. You can utilize a regular comb, sure, however then you risk of "beardruff" in the long run - no partner will thank you for that. If excellent grooming is the food of love, brush on.
Taking a trip isn't really always the most enjoyable of experiences, but there's no reason it shouldn't be. Whether the haul is long or short, here's a handful of items to make flying more manageable.
That oh so valuable beard of yours is quite literally dying a slow death if you're utilizing a plastic comb!
For those of you who have no idea the difference in between plastic and wood combs ... we put this short article together so you can avoid the error numerous bearded brothers make every day ... and assist you avoid their discomfort.
However whether you purchase our comb or buy from somewhere else, we can't worry the significance of your beard comb enough. It is the single most important tool EVERY bearded sibling needs to have on him at all times.
One challenge of using camera traps to study bears is the inability to consistently recognise individuals, due to the lack of unique natural markings for some species. Methods have been developed to try to account for a lack of individual identification in population inventory studies using cameras, but concerns over reliability remain. Automated methods to detect and identify both ‘marked’ and ‘unmarked’ wildlife in images and video footage are starting to receive increased interest.
This project will develop a software system to recognise individual animals from an ‘unmarked’ species, through facial recognition of camera trap imagery. We propose to be the first research group to adapt facial recognition algorithms to identify individual bears (Ursidae). Not only will this address the current inability to inventory some bear species using camera traps alone, but also diversify the type of data that are collected. In addition, automated methods of camera trap image analysis will help to speed up a time-consuming process for scientists, allowing for larger datasets to be collected and processed more efficiently.
Ultimately, this project will also contribute towards a broader goal currently being discussed within the camera trapping community: increasing the sharing of camera trap data to create global monitoring networks.
#54 Nike Elite Brian Urlacher 1940s Throwback Men's Jersey - NFL Chicago Bears Alternate C Patch Navy Blue
By Tom • October 30, 2015 Days of the Year, Speaking activities, Teaching Young Learners, Video, YouTube
Here's one I found because I follow @ShortoftheWeek on Twitter and posted in our official IH Barcelona Twitter feed:
Comedy horror and a bit gross AND #halloween We KNOW you #teach #kids that will love it https://t.co/sqGHeURHHQ 😉 !!!
Personally, I find it hilariously funny, possibly because I have the same childish sense of humour that the three kids I teach in a private class have. It's good to take to class things you just know your learners will love (and that's not something you'll normally find in a coursebook 😉 !).
I'm going to fall back on an old favourite — getting them to describe what's happening, possibly getting one of them to watch, two just to listen, and keep switching those roles.
Their level isn't that great (they wouldn't pass First Certificate) but they're always more than willing to attempt to say things beyond that, if the topic interests them — and that's where I earn my living, in providing them with that language. There's no set agenda: the language input is totally reactive, no photocopies, no "exercises", no lesson plan my DELTA tutors would ever have approved of.
What makes the short successful, what makes it funny (or not!), why does it appeal to my learners (or not!), is probably also going to generate some fruitful discussion.
I don't spend a lot of time on Twitter, posting a maximum of one thing a day (no cats!) but — provided you UNfollow lots of people — you can still find interesting stuff for class there.
This one, which I found because I follow Vimeo on Twitter, and keep my eye open for their Vimeo Staff Picks, I found profoundly moving.
I'd say it's too long for use in class (and perhaps too moving as well?) but it's exactly the kind of thing that you could share if you were on social media with your learners.
But as a starting point for either writing or speaking about the memories we have of our grandparents it's so wonderful and as material for classes memories are so much more powerful than anything we could pick up off the trash pile that is Google Images.
By Tom • February 14, 2015 Blogging, Conferences courses and workshops, Designing good tasks, Edmodo, Listening, Mobile phones, Podcasting, PowerPoint, Prezi, Video
Above, the fourth of the tasks I suggested in my talk at the IH Barcelona ELT Conference on February 7th.
One of the ways in which I believe that we're getting technology wrong in language teaching is to fail to progress beyond our own use of technology as a word processor; and one of the simple ways we could start to get it right would be to have our learners turn their mobile phones on and start using them for productive language learning tasks.
This task requires them to do just that with Spreaker being an excellent little app to enable them to rehearse and record audio.
Brainstorm and come up with an idea that would make a difference to the environment and/or climate change, one that could actually be put into practice in your school
Rehearse exactly what they are going to say, in class, getting it down to exactly 58-60 seconds, and not a second longer
Record it (and if necessary re-record it), something which is probably — because of the noise — best done somewhere quiet, outside class time
Post the finished recording where the rest of the class can listen to it (Edmodo or a class blog are great alternatives), again something which can be done outside class
Comment on the recordings made by the other groups (to get the most language out of the task, a vital stage, missing from my slide, above).
Note that, though you might want to try out the technology involved first for yourself, as the teacher your job is to provide the language, including helping with pronunciation and intonation, as well as vocabulary, not to provide technical support.
You want to do the former in class, which will reduce the amount of subsequent correction that will be required, and leave any technical help required up to the learners. Believe me, they will be able to provide it!
A nice simple alternative to Spreaker and audio would be to use PowerPoint (or Prezi) and Present.me, with a webcam, which would give your learners video, though I'd recommend keeping it to three slides, and insisting on that maximum of 60 seconds.
Acknowledgements The idea came from the excellent BBC podcast Forum: 60 Second Idea to Improve the World, one that is well worth both you and your learners subscribing to.
Thanks also to Kate who, as ever, was willing to try the idea out and to my PodcastHERs group, who had so much fun doing something along these lines as a long-term project.
Having got to 365 tweets, I took a look back at what I've been posting and picked out a dozen things that I particularly liked for one reason or another.
#2 | Because getting learners to interact is so important; because if you're using web 2.0 tools but not getting learner to comment, then you're not exploiting them to their full potential, and because there's so much good advice here:
Blogging with your learners? Great tips http://t.co/KER5isEZvt from @edublogs on getting them to comment #edtech — Tom Walton (@Tom_IHBCN) September 17, 2014
Thought for the holidays: how often do you smile in class? Amazing TED video http://t.co/tf3vpSyq7Q #ELT — Tom Walton (@Tom_IHBCN) April 12, 2014
#5 | Because I think this is an absolutely key question we should ask ourselves as language teachers:
How many hours of language practice do you get from how many mins preparation time? Check this out http://t.co/K42tBeSuDi #ELT
#6 | Because 1000+ Pictures for Teachers to Copy is such a brilliant book, the most useful I've ever come across in 35 years as teacher:
THE book all ELT teachers should read and make use of: Andrew Wright 1000+ Pictures… http://t.co/dAiQRMcYOE #ELT — Tom Walton (@Tom_IHBCN) February 7, 2014
Homework..The single most reliable extinguisher of the flame of curiosity. So true. pic.twitter.com/hA9SXHT1B9
#8 Because film-english.com has got to be among the very best sites for materials for lessons for English teachers:
Why Bring a Child into the World? Love the clips on FilmEnglish as much as the lesson plans http://t.co/jm09MtjUfd @kierandonaghy #ELT — Tom Walton (@Tom_IHBCN) December 6, 2013
#11 | Because Edmodo is so great, provided you exploit it too the full (I mean, how would you feel about Facebook if all you got to do was read what your Mum posted?!)
#12 | Because I love creative writing digital storytelling: it's such fun — and so productive — to invent such stories in class; and because I highly recommend PhotoPrompts:
On Twitter (@Tom_IHBCN), I post no more than one thing a day, always and exclusively things that I think will interest language teachers and/or their learners.
By Tom • September 7, 2014 Creative classrooms, Creative writing projects, Images for class, Mobile phones, Prezi, Teaching Young Learners, Video, Wordle
Here's an apparently crazy idea for a creative writing project but one that might work well with an imaginative, co-operative B2+ class, one that wouldn't be put off as soon as they realise it's Bob Dylan (!!!) singing it.
Could your learners produce something along similar lines, inspired by this? Working in groups of 4 or 5, perhaps they could each describe a crazy dream they've had at some time and then roll them into a single series.
One tool your learners could use for it would be the interactive whiteboard, as you can import things to it, and then juggle them around, though you'd perhaps want only one group of not more than 3 or 4 using the IWB as their medium, while the other groups use something else.
It might just work with Glogster (which I've always found works best with younger learners, as it seems to frustrate anyone beyond about the age of 25-30).
But the best choice of tool would probably be video and there are some amazing mobile phone apps for making videos. As the teacher, you probably don't want to make the choice of tool for the learners — make a few suggestions but then leave it up to them to make any technological decisions.
You might want, for example, to suggest that they create their own voiceover rather than stealing copyrighted music for a backing track. Soundcloud is terrific, as is Spreaker, if you want an app.
If you asked your learners to be really creative, could they produce something of their own, inspired by this?
I don't currently have a suitable class of my own in which to try either of these ideas out but among other things I'd want:
To get the most language learning out of such ideas, you always want to devote as much class time as possible to brainstorming, speaking, providing language and discussing how the project is going to be done, rather than spending your precious class time just doing a lot of clicking. If you storyboard on paper in class, messing around with the phones and apps can be done outside class.
Having peers review and comment on each other's work-in-progress, as well as the finished product, is another way to create more opportunities for language practice.
Perhaps such things are best for summer courses — but wouldn't ELT in general be so much more interesting for both teachers and learners alike if more things like this got produced and we were less slaves to things like course books and exams syllabuses and programmes that had to be completed?
Archives Select Month December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 June 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006
This blog uses cookies to improve your experience. I assume you're ok with this, but you can opt out if you wish.Accept Read More
With all of the recent events on campus commemorating the anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation, several have asked when the first African-American students attended Lawrence. The answer is, most likely, in 1872, when a woman named Lucretia Newman entered the freshman class.
But according to J. A. Owen, class of 1860, African-American students had tried attending Lawrence even earlier. Owen wrote a letter to the Lawrence Collegian in 1869 recalling an incident that occurred in 1858, when “a black man applied for admission to the University as a preparatory student.” Owen reported that the student was admitted and attended for a few days before “some anti-negro men in Appleton, outside of the University, got excited about it, and became alarmed lest their daughters and sisters should become contaminated, and called a public meeting to see what should be done to avoid the danger.” Though several Lawrence students at the meeting spoke in favor of justice for the student, many townspeople were unsatisfied, and the student left Lawrence shortly thereafter. In answer to Owen’s question of “how the University stands now,” the Collegianeditors replied: “our halls are open to every human being of good moral character and suitable age.”
Lucretia Newman may have been the next African-American student to attend Lawrence, a few years later. She entered Lawrence as a freshman in September, 1872, enrolled in the Scientific Course. Our records show that Newman attended Lawrence for one to two years before moving on, although later accounts of her life state that she graduated with a degree. In 1883, she became assistant secretary and bookkeeper for the African Methodist Episcopal Church. She also published her first literary work, a poem, in 1883. Newman Coleman went on to write articles published in primarily African-American journals such as Our Women and Children and the A.M.E. Review. Little is known about her personal life, but contemporaries and later scholars praised her writings.
Overall, only a handful of African-American students attended Lawrence before the middle of the 20th century. By that time, the lack of African-American students at Lawrence and the question of what should be done about it had become much bigger issues on campus.
Update: Another African-American student on campus at about the same time as Newman was Mary Cleggett Vanderhoop, who graduated in 1876.
CloudFront has detected the DNS record for the domain is misconfigured. The DNS record for this domain points to CloudFront's IP Range, but is not explicitly listed as an Alias for a CloudFront distribution, see Adding an Alternate Domain Name. Due to the misconfiguration we have detected within your DNS and the possibility of another AWS account's ability to utilize this domain name to serve malicious content, CloudFront has blocked this domain name from being used.
If you own this domain name and would like to associate the Alias to your CloudFront distribution, please follow the article here to get the Alias restored back to your distribution: https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/resolve-cnamealreadyexists-error/.
The World Bank Group is searching internally and globally for 18 experienced and driven professionals to help achieve two ambitious goals: reducing the number of people living on less than $1.25 a day to 3% by 2030 and promoting shared prosperity by fostering the income growth of the bottom 40%. These leaders will be crucial to our plan to improve the way we work, so we can deploy the best skills and expertise to our clients everywhere, to help tackle the most difficult development challenges around the world.
Last month, the Bank Group’s member countries endorsed our new strategy which for the first time leverages the combined strength of the WBG institutions and their unique ability to partner with the public and private sectors to deliver development solutions backed by finance, world class knowledge and convening services.
Instrumental to the success of our strategy is the establishment of Global Practices and Cross-Cutting Solution Areas, which will bring all technical staff together, making it possible for us to expand our knowledge and better connect global and local expertise for transformational impact. Our ultimate goal is to deploy the best skills and expertise to our clients at the right time, and become the leading partner for complex development solutions.
We are accepting applications for the Global Practice senior directors who will lead these pools of specialists in the following areas: Agriculture; Education; Energy and Extractives; Environment and Natural Resources; Finance and Markets; Governance; Health, Nutrition, and Population; Macroeconomics and Fiscal Management; Poverty; Social Protection and Labor; Trade and Competitiveness; Transport and Information Technology; Urban, Rural, and Social Development; and Water.
We are also looking for a senior director to lead the Gender cross-cutting solutions area, and three directors to lead the cross-cutting solutions areas that are focused on Fragility, Conflict, and Violence; Jobs; and Public-Private Partnerships.
The new Global Practices and Cross-Cutting Solution Areas offer exciting opportunities to design solutions that will help developing countries address their most pressing challenges and meet the twin goals of ending extreme poverty and boosting shared prosperity.
As the new Global Practices Vice Presidents, we are honored to be part of this effort to improve the use of our talent and expertise so that we can better serve our clients, wherever they are located.
You can do this by accomplishing two things. One promoting the roles of women in the developing world. If women are allowed to choose who they will marry, it will cause males to strive to be better providers. Two, change the caste system in India. There is no place for it in the modern world. The number of people involved should provide the quantitative level you desire.
I am a well skilled land management lawyer taken my MSc at KTH-Stockholm. I am aware that I could help preventing poverty and make people better life conditions especially in developing country. I am also aware of pollution and other sensitive environmental issues.
Over the last 40 years of which 35 years in “International Development” including all aspects of Water Management, Environment including Capacity building in public management (HR Mgmt., Fiscal Mgmt., Project Mgmt., IT & Computerization, Leadership & Communication, Rule of Law & Anti-Corruption, Drafting Public Policies / Laws, By-Laws, Rules, Regulations, Orders, Instructions, etc.). Just recently, I have published a manual titled: “Public Policy Making and Implementation in Jordan”, published on 15 September 2013 by Jordan Political Party (Al – Resaleh Party), Amman – Jordan for distribution to members of Jordan Parliament. I have served in many projects as the principal or sub-principle main contact person for the donor counterparts, local stakeholders, including civil society, government, private sector in compliance with the donor and the employer policies and procedures. My M&E activities including quality of results followed the log frame approach and analyses and USAID-PMP for M&E Methodology, and the EU - M&E Manual for Review of Program / Project Implementation. My activities included formulation of Water Users Associations (WUA’s) for irrigated agriculture and Water Supply and Sanitation Committees (WSSC’s) as Community-Based Organizations (CBO’s) / Non-State Organizations (NSO’s), i.e. Community Outreach and Civil Society Strengthening in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Yemen.
I am very well familiar with USAID - PMP requirements; as I have served in 6 USAID - financed projects, in addition to ISO 9001:2008 for public management. I have excellent written and spoken communication skills, excellent interpersonal skills, ability to interact regularly and professionally with senior host-government counterparts. My international development missions to many countries (Jordan, Palestine, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Oman, Syria, Lebanon, Egypt, Somalia, Sudan, Bangladesh, Zambia, Afghanistan, Qatar, Iraq, and UAE) were sponsored by International Development agencies (USAID, US Army Corps of Engineers, World Bank, UNDP, UNOPS, UNESCO, IDB, GIZ/ GTZ, IFAD, FAO, ESCWA, EU) and International Consulting Companies (Development and Engineering).,
I have offered extensive experience as a Consultant / Senior Advisor to Ministries in numerous countries of the Middle East and Africa.
I volunteer fot this cause. I believe that education will drive more people out of poverty. Im more than happy to contribute. Br, Sotiris Makrygiannis
I am a educator/Researcher/Life Scientist,originally from Pakistan so very well aware of problems our developing countries are facing like poverty, hunger, mal nutrition and improper health facilities. I believe we can reduce poverty via education especially women education.Currently residing in Canada but wiling to go back and work for the cause. check my linkedin profile and see if I can be of use
This is absutely the right time to Unthink Impossible. Let's break the rules of conventional wisdom wherever they exist across the globe and demonstrate the benefits derived from empowering, encouraging and enabling the contributions of every woman for the overall enrichment of our monetary ecosystem.
Being in the financial services for a while, I have dealt with affluent and high net worth individuals. In parallel I see people around me who strive to make a decent living in the absence of opportunities to succeed. This has created in me a belief that every human being deserves to have a chance for a better life and that it is every ones responsibility to help others live in dignity.
I'm à teacher but I worked in hospitalier for 20 years Radiologie, operating room,M'y first job when I was 15 years old was to Take care of elderlies. I saw à lot of s'adresse things and a lack of staff in hospitals.
I would want to contribute to this noble cause. I believe that besides being a competent professional, each of us should contribute to the society. While you select the righy personnels for the above project, please make sure that you gauge them on the basis of their passion for social welfare and selflessness as well, besides mere experience and qualification, because academics alone cannot guarantee a lont term commitment.
Agriculture & rural development - Please inform me on how to apply or submit candidates for integrating this group of professionals, in view of the coincidence with the institutional goals of both Agritera and Agricord, as well as the commitment of the Coalition for Food Security to take up the challenge and the responsibility for eradicating hunger and poverty.
I am a recent graduate of MSc "Development Policy, Practice and Process "from the United Kingdom, with eight years experience in different managerial positions in international development. I worked in different positions in Jordan aiming to achieve the Mullinuim Development Goals in Jordan; fighting poverty, alleviating unemployment, empwer women and youth and supporting children's education. Currently am looking forward for a leadership position in international development to apply what I have learnt in my academic experience along with my professional experience to make a positive change to the vulnerable people in the developing countries.
WOW ! It would be great for young minds / development professionals to hear from the people who engage in this mission. Request for a blog or forum for people like me to get a chance to learn/ discuss / share our ideas with such an erudite team of visionaries , once the selection is done.
I'm a DRC Natural Resources Attorney in DRC and Executive Director a Environmental Law NGO. Our NGO are working on the ground in DRC against poverty. I will be happy to be part of the initiative.
I am a DRC Natural and Environmental Attorney and Executive Director of a Environmental NGO with main focus on poverty, environmental and sustainable development issues. I will be happy to be part of your initiative.
I am very pleased to see the World Bank reaching out to seek leaders to better the world. And I would very much like to participate in helping our world reduce poverty & promote prosperity! If I am eligible, I would like the opportunity to be one of dynamic leaders.
I possess excellent knowledge expertise and diverse international experience delivering multiple projects across India, Asia & Africa. Currently focusing my efforts on energy and infrastructure sector, with a principal aim of sustainable development and resources sufficiency, I am working on analytics, technology, finance and policy as an individual and through my consulting and finance ventures. Please check my LinkedIn profile and review my company website. I truly feel my excellent qualifications, experience diversity and entrepreneurial enthusiasm will be positive contributor to such position. Please do revert to exchange more ideas of mutual interests. Thanks.
Very interested to be considered for the energy and extractives or the PPP Djirector posaitio. Please check my linkedin profile. I am trully driven to reduce poverty and boost income generation for the lower 40% income population of the world.
As a former UNIDO Representative in Iran and in Morocco, with a lot of experience in the private sector and with the European Commission, I think I could bring good expertise in several fields? Kindly have a look at my Linkedin profile.
I would be interested to offer my expertize in this pool of experts. I am a demographer holding a MA in development.
SPECIAL RECOMMENDATION: This is to officially register my special recommendation in respect of ENGR CHUKWUDI EGWUAGU , from Enugu state of
Nigeria. He is an experienced & achievement driven professional as well as a dynamic global leader. His professional services are highly needed to help the World Bank Group achieve the two ambitious goals of: reducing the number of people living on less than $ 1.25 a day to 3% by 2030 and promoting shared prosperity by fostering the income growth of the bottom 40% .
I am a DRC Natural Resources and Environmental Attorney and Executive Director of the Centre of Environmental Rights (CERs Asbl) with main focus on sustainable(poverty) and environmental issues. I will be happy to be part of the initiative.
I am interested to contribute to this. I am a Board Secretary of the Native Land Trust Board in the Pacific and also have managed Human Resources of international & regional NGOs and in the public sector. I have an overview of how a developing country actually develops itself through landuse and an interesting picture to be able to determine the economic base of a country. I can contribute from that perspective and experience.
I am interested in Public-Private partnership, poverty reduction, agriculture and social development.
I am interested to join. I am Specialized in Promotion and Protection of Child Rights. Have experience of Designing and implementing the Projects. Do have experience in implementing and monitoring the Climate Change Adaptation & Mitigation Measures in my State of India.
Such a task is noble and in order to succeed it will need a huge effort and many minds working together. I am in the Caribbean qualified and have 20 years experience in social development, conflict management and partnership development , monitoring and management and crime and criminal justice administration. As a beneficiary of a World bank Scholarship many years ago, I am obliged to assist this great campaign. Do let me know if my expertise is of some use
Hi, Although I am too young (just 31) but posses good hands on experience on the grounds in terms of demography as well as areas of work in the Skill Development domain which is directly related to capacity building and livelihood which in turn impacts the living standard. I can be a suitable match for Education, Urban , Rural & Social Development. Being a qualified engineer with Masters in Finance, I can deliver a lot for such a development mission
Please tell me more about this,would like to help on Energy mainly renewable,environmental affairs and information technology. Just want to see us the African youths create positive change for a sustainable future.
Keen to make a meaning full difference in the world with my career as an experienced Business Architect Solution Consultant.
I am a development planner and implementer with more than three decades of work experience in four developing countries including working for poverty alleviation. I have worked with various United Nations Organisations and donor agencies. I would like to volunteer for this assignment. Kindly refer to my Linkedin profile for my background and experience.
Very interesting domain . I have been working in Youth and Women Economic Empowerment through Life , Entrepreneurship and technology skills considering Gender Equity in Rwanda. This my passion and somehow rewarding to be part of community health improvement and development .
My name is Andrea Cicchetti, and I'm an hydraulic engineer living and working in Rimini-Italy. My current position is Technical Director in a governmental company (web site www.bonificaromagna.it), and I am directing a unit of about 60 persons working on projects that go from hydraulic constructions to plants and urban drainage.
My job and my position are stable and continuative, nevertheless, my desire is to move from a local urban activity to a job that may also involve and combine my engineering knowledge and experience with my specialistic skills and competences.
Due to my age of 66 I guess I cannot apply for this job. But this does not prevent me from feeling a strong drive to contribute (as a consultant or otherwise)to realizing the WBG's legitimately ambitious goals. High time, not only to set them but to pursue them vigorously; think of the need to increase food production by 70% and to keep the climate change induced temperature increase to no more than 2 degrees by 2050. We are all in the same boat now, hopefully not that of Noah. I am a former EU Commission Director for Rural Development and a senior agricultural expert with over 40 years of experience. Please look at my profile on LinkedIn and give me a call if you feel there is a job I can do. Thanks.
I am Indonesian. Graduated from Georgetown U with international business major ( MBA equivalent ) and George Washington U with business management and supervisory management also Law school ( under graduated degree ) from local university in Indonesia.
Currently working as a independent country manager of medical products in Dubai, UAE.Possess wide business networks globally and in Indonesia as well. More than 15 years working experiences in export - import sectors,trading,customs clearance and negotiations globally and locally in Indonesia,either business to business and or business to government as well.
I will be available at anytime by email at : [email protected] or by contacting my mobile number at : 00971 50371 4858 at your most convenient time.
I am a civil engineer with over 12 years of experience in water resources, land development, site planning. I would like to contribute and participate in such a noble cause. I am fluent in spanish and english.
The Solace Corporation Pty Ltd was founded by Wayne Sampey is a Sustainable Management and Risk Professional, a Professor of Environment, Health and Safety and PhD in Biological Science with 38 years’ experience encompassing remote and challenging specialised industries, oil & gas, open pit and underground mining and heavy construction experience. He has an extensive track record in developing and implementing strategic risk and sustainable management methodologies structured to fulfil corporate and ascendant dynamics and functional management for whole of operations covering the key areas of corporate and operational risk, fiscal development and advancement and systematic progressive management. He has significant experience in establishing and directing open communications in encouraging confident apperception of commercial investment and effective implementation of multi-cultural societal appreciation developed through extensive experience in remote, politically and culturally diverse operations and locations. He has created and delivered significant Societal Economic Prosperity Initiatives to develop commercially sustainable trilateral prosperity presented to United Nations and World Bank supporting the Equator Principle.He has signific (The Equator Principle is the international credit risk management framework for determining, assessing and managing environmental and social risk in project finance transactions). ant experience with and understanding of multi-national sociological, ecological, commercial and political requisites in Australia, UK, China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Indonesia, India, USA, Middle East, Africa, Mongolia, Papua New Guinea, New Zealand, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu. The management approaches, both corporate and operational from project inception, design, exploration, development, construction and operations have always been delivered inclusive of all facets of Technical/Practical Management and investor satisfaction. He is a highly experienced developer and deliverer of Risk, Health, Safety, Security, Environmental, Community, Education and Training Strategy and Sustainable Operational Management Solutions in a diverse range of industrial undertakings internationally with responsibility for ensuring that ventures advance as “most appropriate” enterprises. Solace Corporation has developed seamless integrations of critical/functional initiatives to meet corporate necessities and desires while delivering, business continuity and line operations to embrace the complete spectrum of management encompassing operational and stakeholder economic, behavioural, regulatory and societal outcomes.
Following 13 years of research and development, Dr. Sampey developed the first and currently only successful all-natural, economic, minimal-risk multiple-platform Simple Aquatic Bio-Reactor (SABR) process. An All-Natural Water and Soil Contamination Management System and the first multiple-platform microbiological manifold to solve water issues across all facets of the metaliferrous, salinity, organic and chemically influenced effluent stream. The SABR System is the first all-natural, economic, societally acceptable effective solution to Highly Acidic and Alkaline/Caustic Process Water management, re-use and environmental discharge, leading to the development of the SABR All Natural Economic De-Salination System. It is augmented by the Solace Agricultural and Rehabilitation Solution; Sol 6 and Sol 8, which are rapid soil wetting, surface management and growth advancement solutions that are all-natural and also leading dust and erosion management technology.
Every problem and challenge in this world finds a solution to get entangled into deeper problems. To solve this never ending circle of applied confusion, technology can be path-breaking to simplify complicated grass-roots issues. Technology has propelled many man-made marvels of wonder to every orbit that is out there and if it has not, it surely will in the coming decade. The same technology needs more caring hearts to apply their minds and use the Big T's potential to de-couple social issues from political games and bring its raw edge to finesse healing and redressal. As a technology proponent blessed with avid experience in bringing technology solutions to grass-roots and empirical community development initiatives, I look forward to an hearing where I could collaborate with the best of the social policy evangelists and work on programs with a T-transformation outlook. Human relations are the key, technology is a vital tool. Let's engage the right tools to build enduing relationships. My LinkedIn Porfile: www.linkedin.com/pub/mohsin-syed/1b/30/161/
I would definitely like to be a part of this cause. I have short but significant experience in Education industry, so I really want to contribute. How can I do that? Am I eligible to apply for the position in Education?
The role of alternative finance, crowd based assets and the democratizing empowerment of social and collaborative technology present us with the real possibility of making progress on all of these matters. As someone who is deeply involved with the positive and innovative use of all of these things I would be honoured to be able to assist the World Bank in this initiative and so hereby express my interest in participating via this post. Please keep me informed
I would like to know more about the strategy, precisely I would like to know the take that we will have on Capitalism VS Socialism, Communism and the like, take on Education, and its role, Ethics and Values, the governmental policies, more importantly the way in which you define poverty, beyond GDP, GNP and NI, and our process for peace. as we all know, just by increasing the per capita income, not all problems shall be solved, in fact even poverty cannot be solved this way, it takes a much broader outlook, how do we plan to go about it?
By profession I am an finance assistant but had experience in NGOs. I am from Nepal n have seen n faced proverty closely. I support the cause and want to fill my cadidature.
To build human capital, we need more and better-targeted investments in health – The GFF provides an innovative path
I am also a member of the scientific committee of ColEvol. A Colombian organization working towards the development and improvement of visibility and accessibility of scientific findings for the evolutionary research.
The spot for the good news, the good word, the quick reports of the many, many wonderful news items I hear all the time and want to share with the rest of you. Expect to find the good news when you come to check out "what’s the good word?"
Not that many years ago most people who attended church went to a single building with somewhere between 50 and 250 people. One pastor and probably a part-time church secretary made up the entire staff, with one or more volunteer musicians, volunteer Children’s ministry leaders, and perhaps dreams of one day hiring a youth minister.
Then the world began to change. I am not sure when it was that we began to hear about something called a megachurch, but I am thinking it was probalby longer ago that it seems, perhaps in the 1970s. Megachurches were usually defined as congregations with 2,000 people or more in attendance. Churches of this size were able to do many things because of their economy of scale. For instance, they could hire not only a youth pastor, but pastors or leaders for all kinds of ministries, not to mention a full-time worship leader.
It is only within the past few years that I began to hear about another new thing; churches with more than one campus. Generally the new locations are under the direction of the same leadership team and board of directors, but with a site specific pastor and staff. The first book I read on this subject was the 2002 title, Fling Open the Doors by a United Methodist Pastor, Paul Nixon. At that time, Nixon was himself a pastor of a second site congregation in Florida. (Paul Nixon is also the author of I Refuse to Lead a Dying Church, and Finding Jesus on the Metro.) At the time, I found it a somewhat surprising concept, but this development, now known as a multisite (or a multisite church), has become a significant trend. In fact, according to a new report by the Leadership Network, there are now about 3,000 multisite churches in North America, which is more than the number of megachurches.
You might expect that multisite churches are churches that have grown so big that they cannot accommodate any more people or parking at their current facilities. Sometimes that is the case, however not all multisites are huge. Multisite churches vary in size from 100 to more than 10,000 people.
Churches may have a variety of reasons for starting a second or third location. For example, some services may be conducted in another language, and it may be advantageous to have those services in a certain neighbourhood. This would especially be true if the main church is not serviced by convenient public transit. Most second campuses are close to the first, however, with 85% being within 30 minutes travel and 40% within 15 minutes. The most popular venues for second or third sites are schools, but others include storefronts and movie theatres.
The point of this blog is not to evaluate or judge this trend in any way; it is simply to report on it. It is an interesting development.
If you would like to read the full, 26 page report from the Leadership Network, entitled Multisite is Multiplying, you can download it here. You will be asked to complete a very simple registration with your name and email address before you can download the full report. Enjoy!
Website v2r00 © Copyright 2008-2009 Community of Christ (Canada). This site is powered by CMS Made Simple
You are about to be redirected to another page. We are not responisible for the content of that page or the consequences it may have on you.
that special a method of promotion is 10-80% off. We highly recommend Fleischmann 5 Piece Dining Set by Darby Home Co. very good price level from the product is special wayfair.com. confirmed customer satisfaction. Incorporated! Price Fleischmann 5 Piece Dining Set by Darby Home Co starting at Oct 2017 baht with regard to you to get goods from many other stores, you need to to update about November 12, 2018, 1:07 pm
merchant for Fleischmann 5 Piece Dining Set by Darby Home Co Ads Immediately. Free shipping and returns on " Fleischmann 5 Piece Dining Set by Darby Home Co Online inexpensive " for you purchase it today!. Find more Best Reduced selling price and More Campaign for Fleischmann 5 Piece Dining Set by Darby Home Co Online Verify Price
This is undoubtedly Fleischmann 5 Piece Dining Set by Darby Home Co Sale Brand New for the favorite. Here you will find sensible product details. One more selection for your online searching. Because of everyone who came to see us to view our products.
Of course, if you're a renter, you may not be able to do much about some of the lighting position in your residence or apartment. But these common suggestions can give you an notion of how to perform with what you have got. A more Arts and Crafts version of Scandinavian style, Fleischmann 5 Piece Dining Set by Darby Home Co with an emphasis on all-natural elements in the fairly wallpaper, potted plants, bamboo chair and table.
A group of my pals and I checked in soon after ten:30pm, and Volko's cleaning lady was correct there to verify us in. The apartment was quite spacious and clean & in a really great place. The only concerns we had had been with not enough toilet paper and that the toilets didn't truly flush extremely effectively. I hugely suggest this apartment for any person seeking for a spacious, clean, comfy remain in the city.
I believe when searching for a sectional sofa, it is best to chose 1 that is modular. This sofa not only appears beautiful (comes in array of colors btw) but is very practical, function and higher in quality. This airy living space is certainly best for a cozy weekend, surrounded by lots of throw pillows. Natural wilderness setting. Each neighbour has a one particular-acre surrounding lot with a lot of lakes, ponds and streams in the region. Wakefield is a relaxed village with outside sports shops, food, a reside music venue and a laid-back atmosphere.
Living Room Furniture Shop.Shop living room furniture online at online store. Enjoy free shipping on 1000s of items sitewide! Great deal on sofas, leather furniture and more.
I like it alot! Easy to put together and very solid! The only thing I don't like is The grooves in the table top. The grooves give it a "picnic table " feel, and collect crumbs. Not a major issue. I just wish I had known before I ordered i..
a free platform like Wordpress or go for a paid option ? There are so many options out there that I'm totally
I wonder what you think of when you hear the words “creative life”? Like, what does that actually mean to…
They were supposed to come over for some chicken salad and swimming. You know, fun, casual, summer-Friday-type-stuff. Instead we wound up…
I wrote this guest post a while back for my funny friend (and fellow GIF-lover) Mary Carver, but since it…
So there’s something I’ve been dying to share with you, and now I finally can! WAIT. Time out. I just…
While our kids played in the next room, my friend and I stood in her kitchen, sipping coffee and talking about…
Ciao Hai problemi finanziari? E quelli che hanno problemi a ottenere prestiti in conto capitale da banche locali e altre istituzioni finanziarie. Si prega di fare riferimento a questo indirizzo E-mail: servizio.finanza34@gmail.com
India's demand for gold has reduced to half due to its soaring prices, a top industry official has said.
Friendship Growing Up Quotes Growing Friendship Quotes 2017 114 best Best friends quotes Quotes about friendship When i was growing up, my mother was The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can Friendship is like a precious flower ready to bloom Comments Growing Apart Quotes Friends 60+ Wonderful Cute Friendship Quotes Best […]
This form collects your details above so we can contact you back in relation to your enquiry. Please see our privacy policy for more information. Check this box to consent to us collecting your data. *
Like most sites Deelish.ie uses cookies to help enhance your overall user experience: Cookies Policy
Built by BW Seacat, with skipper Paul working along side throughout, Rapid Fisher features a full walk-round Island wheelhouse with a raised deck forward, allowing full use of the 30 metres of available gunwhale space for angling.
Powered by a pair of 320Hp Nanni Diesels, she has a sprint speed of 29 knots and comfortable cruising speed of anywhere between 18/20 knots in any weather conditions. This means more time fishing and less time travelling!!!
Rapid Fisher fully complies with the Maritime and Coastguard Agency's "Code of Practice" for operation up to 60 NM from a safe haven, day or night and is licensed to carry 12 passengers plus crew.
As you would expect from a modern charter boat there is a deck entry toilet as well as a heated cabin. A fully fitted galley ensures that there are plenty of hot drinks available throughout the day.
Skipper, Paul Smith, is a qualified Yacht Master Offshore & a member of the Professional Boatmans Association.
Paul has been fishing for as long as he can remember in the waters around Poole and enjoyed great catches of mid channel bass on his various private boats. Five years ago he decided to pursue his love of fishing & became a full time charter skipper of his first boat, a 38ft Venom (which he built in his back garden!).
The business grew at a rate of knots (no pun intended) & he took the decision in 2010 to go for a catamaran. He specialises in fishing mid channel deep water wrecks for hard fighting conger, bass, cod & pollock as well as fishing inshore for the summer run of black bream & rays.
Business experts give administration counseling to help associations enhance proficiency. Our experts break down organizations and make arrangements while additionally helping organizations meet their objectives. Entrepreneurs needs to consider procuring business experts when they need help or point of view on their needs for change in their organizations.
​Our main venture for any business is the disclosure stage, where our objective is to take in the Client's business. We takes the time to learn what ever could reasonably be expected about the business, from the manager and representatives. This can incorporate visiting the office, meeting with the top managerial staff and workers, examining the accounts and perusing all organization materials. Amid this process, the business advisor will uncover the points of interest of an organization's central goal and what operations are set up.
Once an inside and out comprehension has been created, We then enter the assessment stage, where the objective is to distinguish where change is required. This incorporates distinguishing the organization's qualities and shortcomings, and additionally present and predictable issues. These can incorporate issues as of now seen by possession and administration, and new issues seen by DMA's business specialist's objectivity. Our business specialist like wise distinguish chances to develop business, build benefits, and help productivity.
​Notwithstanding distinguishing these issues and opportunities, Our business advisor will additionally create answers for issues and plans on profiting by circumstances. Maybe an organization has an especially solid deals yet frail showcasing, this is an open door for the organization to build advertising assets and exploit the business staff. Amid this stage, it's essential for our specialist and the organization's representatives to keep up, open and clear correspondences.
It's vital for our client's to take our business specialist's recommendation at this stage as useful feedback and not as a feedback to how the client has been doing things. Our business advisor brings objectivity and a crisp perspective, while the client is actually near to the business. The owner will surely have input and give suppositions to our business specialist, who will take the client's view under consideration and amind a common balance to the plan as necessary.
Once the client and our expert concede to an arrangement, the advisor will enter the third period of counseling, which is the rebuilding stage, or the usage of the arrangement. In this stage, the advisor is to expand on resources and dispose of liabilities and additionally checking advancement on the arrangements and restructure as required.
This investigation prompts business mindfulness and is the foundation of any effective key arrangement. It is difficult to precisely guide out a little business' future without first assessing it from all edges, which incorporates a comprehensive evaluation of all inner and outside assets and dangers. A SWOT performs this in four straight-forward steps that even new kid on the block entrepreneurs can comprehend and grasp. It is about utilizing your qualities, outsourcing and collaborating where you are frail, concentrating on circumstances, and being mindful of dangers.
SWOT is intended to be utilized amid the proposition phase of vital arranging. It goes about as an antecedent to any kind of organization activity, which makes it proper for the listed below:
The SWOT investigation is an astounding apparatus for arranging data, exhibiting arrangements, distinguishing road obstructions and underscoring open doors.
Performing a SWOT investigation is an incredible approach to enhance business operations and choice making. It permitted us to distinguish the key zones where client's are performing at an abnormal state and additionally ranges that required work. Some small entrepreneurs commit the error of contemplating these sorts of things casually, yet by taking the time to assemble a formalized SWOT examination, we can concoct approaches to better gain your organization's qualities and enhance or wipe out shortcomings.
While the entrepreneur ought to unquestionably be included in making a SWOT examination, it could be substantially more accommodating to incorporate other colleagues simultaneously.
Doing a SWOT investigation quarterly, aggregate learning uproots blind sides that, if left undiscovered, could be adverse to your business or your association with your customers.
Collective SWOT investigations will additionally give workers a more noteworthy feeling of comprehension and inclusion in the organization.
Organizations ought not consider the SWOT investigation a cure-all be that as it may. Like any examination toward oneself, it can be utilized mistakenly on the off chance that you permit your conscience or insecurities to drive the substance. It is basic to be as fair with yourself and be ready to give information that really mirrors your capabilities, achievements and capacities.
​Deese Marketing Association (DMA) specialize in various marketing strategies for your business. DMA is the go-to resource for New business start-up and grass-root Non-Profit organizations. Our associates stay educated on the most up to date Marketing strategies and campaigns that get results.
We at Deese Marketing Association is continuously researching and evaluating affiliate programs and marketing platforms that gives you the results you need to make money and get your business brand name recognized.
List Once, Be Found Everywhere. Universal Business Listing distributes your businesses profile to all major search engines, social networks, digital maps, and online business directories for the lowest annual fee available. Simply fill out your businesses information and UBL will regularly update and check your information to make sure that you are listed accurately on all major search platforms. Gain access to free tools to monitor the accuracy of your business identity online. Universal Business Listing helps to ensure that your customers can find your business. Check your business identity for Free now!
Fully staffed marketing company includes strategists, designers, copywriters, project managers and Online marketing specialists. Our skill models, areas of specialization and experience cover pretty much every aspect of Internet advertising. If you are having a desire to grow income and profit we're the best partner.
Here you wil get the best and latest blogs, news and reviews on what is working in all aspects of business.
At Deese Marketing Association, we take care to provide our customers high quality services personalized for their unique needs. We are available to take your order 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Our staff members are professional, courteous and efficient.
Quality services begin with DMA’s talented and knowledgeable staff. Each individual has hands-on experience and a solid background of skills. All are confident and dedicated professionals who are able to handle challenging projects and who consistently excel at their work. Together, they form a well-seasoned and organized team that offer a balanced blend of technical proficiency, creativity, and efficiency. In addition, the professional staff is augmented with experienced and respected consultants, which enables DMA to deliver our services at the level in which clients desire and demand.
Deese Marketing Association believe that nonprofit organizations need applicable support that builds strengths, knowledge, and accomplishment. When your organization commit in its leadership and management abilities your organization is better poised to achieve progress.
Deese Marketing Association will work with your organization to help achieve its goals by guiding nonprofits in their management and organizational structuring. Deese Marketing Association strengthen your organization leaders, and help to grow a healthy grapevine of various leaders for the future of your organization. Deese Marketing Association will collaborate the policies, training and the resources needed for your nonprofit organization to create change. Deese Marketing Association assemble associates, streamline relations and strengthen networks that your organization will need to succeed.
Deese Marketing Association use the following conceptualization to achieve your organizational goals: Deese Marketing Association integrated instructions offers precept, coaching and consulting. Providing your nonprofit organization's leadership with knowledge, to carry your organization a long way.
Deese Marketing Association partner with leaders, that will cultivate and support your organization at every level within your nonprofit structure. Deese Marketing Association conceive that leadership subsist at all levels and can influence your organization viability, regardless of status or incumbency.
Do not anticipate you will get grants to begin your organization. Grants are competitive and given to organizations with a history of raising funds from other sources. You should expect to raise the funds you need for start-up of the non-profit and at least in the first year of operations from contributions you make yourself and money you make by market your non-profit.
Let me be VERY! CLEAR! Any organization or consultant tells you, you can form a non-profit fast and go straight to funding from grants, is Straight Out Lying to you. There is enduring steps and legal process for formation. So let's cover them here and now.
Comment: "Free Non-Profit Consultation." Also Briefly describe your needs and about your organization.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Weekly show where YOU get to interview the icons of the #events industry. #EventProfs- this is a DO NOT miss!
It’s important to constantly prepare for the future of the events industry. One way we do this is by cultivating and encouraging the up-and-coming icons in this industry. How do we do this? One way is through event internship, but these positions need to be structured properly to be effective. Our guests this week are Aubri Nowowiejski and Mary Baird-Wilcock and they will be sharing exactly how to structure your event internship to maximize time and training.
Aubri is the Founder & Board Director for the Student Event Planners Association (SEPA), an Executive Producer at Coterie Spark, and an international speaker. She’s a true advocate for millennials in the events industry. Mary is the Founder of The Simplifiers, sits on the Board of Governors for the International Live Events Association (ILEA), and is CSEP certified. Both of these amazing women were featured in Special Events Magazine as one of “25 Young Event Pros to Watch.” Two very dynamic and ICONIC ladies in the events industry! Tune in to hear what they have to say as they share their combined wisdom and experience on how to structure your event internship.
We want to help keep you up-to-date on the latest and greatest! Below, in our Epic Resources section, we link the awesome insider favorites that were shared by our guest panelists and mentioned in this episode! You WANT to check these out!
You’re watching this recording of our episode here on our blog, but wouldn’t you rather watch live, ask your own questions, and participate in person? Subscribe now to watch live! (We’ll remind you of upcoming episodes.) We would love for you to join us LIVE and bring your questions for our icons. We do this for you!
I'm doing a gallery show in Japan with Anne Bush and Chihiro! How cool! We have to paint specific celebrities that are on a list. Albert Einstein, who I posted already, Marilyn Monroe, John Lennon and Yoko Ono, Hayao Miyazaki, Charles Darwin, Emma Watson, Audrey Hepburn. Now mind you some of these are a bit rushed. There was some misunderstandings. Anyway, here we go. I'm gonna tell you who everybody is for the sake of clarity.
If you're an American gal, you think the girl in this picture is considering getting surgery to rid herself of this massive nose, bu...
Address: Room A1301, Niulanqian Building, Longhua New District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province China
Picture is Nice Decoration Closet Island Ikea Hack Equalvote Co posted by Closet & Wadrobe Ideas on Thursday, February 1, 2018 at 6:48 am. The picture was taken and seen by 65 User and has been downloaded and reviewed 66 Times. You can use the image as background for your computer desktop and laptop screen, because this image has a size of has 719x985 Pixel. If you want to save to a personal computer, you can download this image in full size. Please click "Download picture in full size" at the end of the article, then, your device automatically saves these images into a directory on your disk space. If you want to download more images from our collection, please click on the image below and do the same steps, the full size download.
Change the picture in the color display with Nice Decoration Closet Island Ikea Hack Equalvote Co is the right thing to get rid of your boredom on desktop computers, pc, computer, laptop, you use every day to work or just plain, perform daily activities. An image has an aura, which penetrates the feeling of someone, for example images, sees that motivation by you evoke the image then the image that there was joy, and even images, feelings of sadness to create.
GET OUT OF MY POCKET! Before Washington can read the bills they are pushing, they need to read the Constitution.
Views expressed are opinions. Not responsible for other's views, opinions, comments, or statements of fact.
Where have I been? In a deep dark hole trying to straighten out my damn google accounts since they have bought out yahoo and youtube.
I had multiple google accounts associated with work, with my gun rights group, with libertarian work and my personal. Once google FORCED me to associate a google account with my youtube, I lost those. I think I might have finally gotten that back to working and just today got my blogger account straight.
WHY? Because they just ASSumed which google account went with what! I still don't have the right email address associated with this but at least I can log in and post new stuff.
It was touted as the "most extreme" bill by the nanny statists gun control freaks. Course it isn't but congratulations to all Georgians!!! It's not the best but a HUGE step in the right direction.
"1976 Kissinger gave Argentina's neo-fascist military junta the "green light" for the dirty war it was conducting against civilian and militant leftists that resulted in the disappearance—that is, deaths—of an estimated 30,000 people"
"Few would have expected President Obama to pick up his mantle, but the erstwhile idealist resembles Kissinger more every day."
LOL Love it when hypocrisy rears it's ugly head. What say you MJ? And be sure to read both articles before commenting.
If you want to stop corporate subsidies I am all for that, but do not think for one minute that welfare subsidies are not a major drain on us also. Wall Street has the "too big to fail" regulatory system from the government that enables them to behave badly knowing there is a pot of $36 billion to bail them out on an ongoing basis.
Food stamps $75billion in 2011, corporate subsidies $154 billion planned for 2013, wars $6trillion over the last 10 years. But Obamacare is going to push 85 million Americans onto Medicaid which will increase to $800 billion by 2018 Fed & State combined.
Yeah subsidies are bad but it's the wars that are really killing us. But neither side want to talk about that cost except the Libertarians. Politicians that is. The whole system sucks.
You may think at least the individual welfare is helping people but is it? Poverty has not decreased ever during any of these programs. If anything, many of them are planned to make it difficult for anyone to get off a program once they are on and then we have generational victims.
If we really wanted to do something that MIGHT have worked, establishing walk in clinics at the state level to handle those who have no insurance would have kept them out of the emergency rooms saving us billions of dollars.
"If ever a time should come, when vain and aspiring men shall possess the highest seats in Government, our country will stand in need of its experienced patriots to prevent its ruin." Samuel Adams, 1776
Bludgeon & Skewer a great place to follow Georgia Libertarian Campaigns and issues, now has my blog in their roll.
"Everything that is really great and inspiring is created by the individual who can labor in freedom."-Albert Einstein, 'Out of My Later Years,' 1950
Dr. Pielke Jr. mocks new claim: ‘A magic force field’ is now preventing land-falling hurricanes? – Warmists scramble to explain lack of extreme weather
Isn't it more important to be concerned with America succeeding? The success of one individual who is an employee of the American People is not near as important as the welfare of our nation and it's people. The American people deserve and have the right via the Constitution to the "pursuit of happiness". That is the right to succeed or fail on their own efforts, without any interference from the Federal Government.
The President, regardless of who is in the office at the time, is at best, a temporary employee and needs to remember who his boss is. US.
Post all you wish but foul comments will be deleted. If you can't get your point across without being disgusting then you are too ignorant to take up my space.
Tri-luma is a new product for melasma (dark patches on the skin/age spots.) This prescription skin cream has three powerful ingredients; an anti-inflammatory to help heal the skin, a melanin blocker to even out the skin color, and vitamin A to increase the skin cell turnover rate, which helps exfoliate the skin. . This product is available in our office. Dr. Lothes would be happy to discuss this product with you. This product is currently on sale for $100 through May 15, 2017
Close-up of single egret, with slightly ruffled feathers, standing amid grasses at the water's edge.
They are, it has been playtested....may be the conditions in your game are not ripe for them...need to see a save
This Saggi di Critica d’Arte: IL Francia; Gli Eredi del Francia; Guido Reni (Classic Reprint) (Italian Edition) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Saggi di Critica d’Arte: IL Francia; Gli Eredi del Francia; Guido Reni (Classic Reprint) (Italian Edition) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Saggi di Critica d’Arte: IL Francia; Gli Eredi del Francia; Guido Reni (Classic Reprint) (Italian Edition) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Saggi di Critica d’Arte: IL Francia; Gli Eredi del Francia; Guido Reni (Classic Reprint) (Italian Edition) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
LGA Airport Transportation - Enjoy the best and safest LGA Limo Service and Car Service LGA Airport with our reliable car solutions throughout NYC Boroughs Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, Bronx and Staten Island. We offer a mix of comfort with ease for all our customers!
She seems all the more prudish for having no discernible breasts. And such straight hair! I like her!
360modern is a community of modernists including architects, Modern furniture and art experts, non-profits, state historical organizations, county historical groups, and contractors. Today, we’re continuing our showcase of the people […]
Prime Minister Naoto Kan called anew Saturday for unity within his Democratic Party of Japan ahead of next Tuesday's party leadership election against riva...
The head office of Atlas Precious Metals (APM) in Canada will make a decision in the next few days about the future of the project to reactivate the Karach...
A group of business owners is campaigning to change a law it says is unfair and impossible to live up to.The small and medium enterprises (SMEs) are angere...
Clashes between police and alleged militants left 10 more people dead Friday in the volatile North Caucasus, even as stunned residents laid flowers in Vlad...
Ginza Project is already a household name among the culinary connoisseurs of Moscow and St. Petersburg. Known for endowing each of their restaurants with a...
General Motors (GM) had taken the decision to close-down SAAB Automobile long before it became known. This reveals journalist Jonas Fröberg in a new book a...
More than one million Swedish voters may yet change their allegiance on election day, according to a new poll, signaling that the battle for control of the...
Thepthai Senpong, the personal spokesman of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva, got a parcel full of excrement Monday morning.
Twinings is just the latest example of how the lords of finance have wrecked the great British company The eminent 300-year-old British Twinings is closi...
Plans to vet millions of people working with children and vulnerable adults are to be scaled back to “common sense” levels, the Government announced today
There are a small number of people who just don’t suit gel polish. It’s a porous product, so not as strong as the hard gels on the market. If you have a oily nail bed for example or have damaged your nail bed due to poor removal of gel / acrylic in the past the gel just doesn’t bond as well. Also if you have a high impact job that involves you using your hands and nails regularly and / or contact with chemicals you may suit the hard gel overlays instead.
I don’t believe in buffing your natural nail bed in order to make the surface gritty. The Gellux fast bond is so effective this isn’t needed and means no damage is done to your natural nail. I use alcohol (Gellux prep/wipe) to prep the nail bed, which removes any oils and allows better bonding. Alcohol also removes any bacteria from getting trapped under the gel polish which may cause an infection.
It’s important to always follow my after-care advice carefully. Never use your nails as tools and wear gloves while using detergents. As it’s a soft gel, and porous, chemicals can penetrate the gel polish causing it to lift. Which is great when you come to remove them as it can take as little as 15 minutes to take them off. It’s extremely important for them to be removed correctly as it can damage your nail if they are picked off. I use acetone to remove the gel polish in my beauty salon, however gently buffering off the colour and leaving the base coat to naturally grow out is the idea way. Never buff your natural nail.
There are a number of different gel polishes on the market like Harmony Gelish, Salon System Gellux, Orly, SensatioNail, Shellac, OPI, Sally Hansen, Mally, ibd. They are all the same type of product and applied the same way or very similarly, just different brands.
Welcome to my blog page. My blogs are split up into different categories depending on what you are interested in reading. I often get asked along to blogger events and to review products, which I am am always happy to do. All my blog posts are my own thoughts, unless they are guest blogs. If you would like to read more please do comment on my posts and sign up for my blogs to be emailed directly to you.
My name is Elizabeth Smith and I run my own beauty business from home offering many luxury treatments in Norwich including manicures, eyelash extensions, threading and more! Also an active beauty blogger.
My name is Elizabeth Smith and I am the owner of Elizabeth Smith Beauty salon in Norwich. I am passionate about the beauty field and love making people feel great about themselves. I am NVQ City and Guilds level 2 qualified in beauty and I run my beauty salon from a relaxed environment within my own home.
Accessing our website tells us you are happy to receive all our cookies. However you can change your cookie settings at any time.
Cookies are used to improve your experience and speed up the website. If you do not wish to allow these then your browser should be set to disable them.
El presidente de El Salvador, Salvador Sánchez Cerén, aseguró este jueves que su gobierno trabaja en generar “oportunidades de desarrollo” que permitan contener la migración irregular a Estados Unidos.
NetStartz.com Web Hosting provides Linux web hosting solutions that lead the industry in pricing, fe
The site provide free reviews of web hosting services from 100 selected companies. There are over 3000 over website hosting companies on the internet.Please research these domain hosting services carefully before you sign up with any. Read articles on web page hosting, Website hosting, domain names, website speed test, cheap web hosting services,php scripts, mysqi database, asp hosting and virtual private server to gain a better knowlwdge on domaim hosting and cheap web hosting
The club is full of fucking and fisting freaks only thing on your mind hot fisting top Willhelm, very hot asshole packaging Alex Wolff around his arm as he passionately pumps his fist in and out of his bottom.
Trade Traffic | TrafficHolder.com - Buy/Sell Adult Traffic | Trafficshop.com - Let your business grow
From the BOARD of EDITORIAL ADVISORS, Ms NASIM ZEHRA makes a case for improving relations between the two countries.
On June 10 a telex went out to Oman from the Pakistan Foreign Office advising that a ministerial level delegation represent Pakistan at the Syrian President Hafez al Assad’s funeral. The Foreign Minister who was accompanying the Chief Executive General Pervez Musharraf agreed with the recommendation. Pakistan’s four member delegation headed by the Minister of Information was sent off. Naturally many in Pakistan and Damascus were surprised by this decision. The Chief Executive was ill-advised by the Foreign Office; his own uniformed advisors too chose not to question this advice. Logistically the Chief Executive was in Oman, his arrival in Syria would have been an easy affair.
Some contrast with our own past practices. In November 1982 Zia went against the advise of his advisors and left for Moscow to attend Brezhnev’s funeral. He cut short his visit to Singapore rushed from there to Moscow. Interestingly he was one of the five world leaders to be received by Andropov. In their meeting Andropov was tough. The Soviet army was facing a tough resistance from the Pakistan-American supported Afghan resistance, so an angry Andropov told Zia that Pakistan was a “tool in the hands of the Americans.” Undeterred Zia again arrived in Moscow in 1983 and in 1985 to participate in the funerals of Andropov and of Chernenko. He knew funerals had become power scenes; an opportunity to mix with important decision-makers.
Given the stature of Hafez al Assad in the Arab world, the increasing diplomatic significance of Syria which extends beyond the Middle East and above all the concrete opportunities that exist for vastly expanding Pakistan-Syrian commercial ties, the presence of the Chief Executive or at least the head of the State President Rafiq Tarrar would have been appropriate. Pakistan’s former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto did the correct thing by arriving at the funeral. Syrians accorded her appropriate protocol due to a former Prime Minister.
Whatever Pakistan’s past relations with Syria it is Pakistan’s need to be forward-looking; work aggressively on developing economic relations as it is doing in the case of Iran and Iraq. Minor issues that have kept Pak-Syrian relations dormant simply need to be brushed aside. Pakistan needs to be proactive and not dwell on past irritants which the Foreign Office recalls: we have sent senior delegations without reciprocity from Syria and Damascus has not been supportive on Kashmir.
Yet these are small issues; ones that should be overlooked in the pursuit of a broader strategic vision which should compel Pakistan’s managers to actively develop economic and diplomatic ties with countries which we have ignored while overlooking the economic dimension of our foreign relations and by expending too much energy on opting for mere damage-limitation on the Pak-US front. Meanwhile, fairly surprised by the level of representation by Pakistan at the Assad funeral, many in Damascus wondered, incorrectly though, if Pakistan is still sulking about the support that Assad gave to the Bhutto family.
In Syria there exists immense goodwill for Pakistan and for its people. It exists at all levels. Assad personally had special respect and affection for Pakistan. He saw Pakistan as a country that was principled in its policies on the Arab -Israeli issue. “He has instructed all of us in the cabinet that we must make special effort for cooperation with Pakistan in any field, develop special relations with Pakistan” explained a Syrian minister to the Pakistani ambassador in Damascus. Syrians maintain that Pakistanis are “our blood brothers”, they fought alongside us against the Israelis. They express their closeness to Pakistanis in graphic ways. “We are two sides of the same coin”, remarked a senior Syrian official in Damascus while advocating deeper Syrian-Pakistani ties. Not surprisingly, the Syrian government is now weary of the Indian because of the growing India-Israel connection. That, however, may not last long as in the coming days the young Bashar will be forced to operate in grayer zones.
In Syria the only successful institution being run by the Pakistani government is a Pakistani School. The ‘school connection’ is a powerful one. In Damascus the Pakistan embassy runs a very popular and well managed school where children of most of Syrian cabinet members and top generals study. The Pakistani ambassador, therefore, enjoys a special connection and leverage in Damascus.
The Syrians have demonstrated their keenness to develop economic ties with Pakistan by making concrete proposals. Syrians have sought Pakistan’s help to operationalize a tractor plant for which engines, spare parts and technical expertise is required. Also they have requested Pakistan’s help to upgrade and revive their sugar, cement, fertilizer and paper industry. Cooperation in agriculture has also been sought. Admission for Syrian students in the Faisalabad Agriculture University has been requested. In the Information Technology field negotiations are already underway for Pakistan to set up an advanced institute for computer sciences and informatics in Damascus.
To illustrate Syrian political commitment towards improvement of Pak-Syrian ties with Pakistan, in January Syrian officials received Tariq Ikram, Chairman, Export Promotion Bureau, with all the protocol due to a minister. He was merely passing through Syria since he could not fly into Baghdad because of the UN sanctions on Iraq. Later during his official trip to Syria in May the Syrian Prime Minister Mohammad Mustapha Miro and six ministers including Dr Imadi Minister of Economy and Foreign Trade met with the EPB Chairman Tariq Ikram. The Prime Minister, repeating instructions issued by his leader Hafez al Assad, assured Ikram that he would personally look into “developing relations with Pakistan.” The Syrian requirements from Pakistan in the industrial, technological and agriculture have injected energy into a stagnating relationship.
On the Pakistani front the principle interlocutors with Syria, the Export Promotion Bureau is engaging with the Syria case. The ball is now in Pakistan’s court. With the expertise that now exists within the government set-up rapid and concrete response to Syrian proposals are required. How effectively can Pakistan respond to the Syrian requirements will ofcourse depend on the extent to which various ministries can work in a coordinated manner and can simultaneously develop effective partnership with the Pakistani private sector.
While the economic team undertakes to initiate a new phase in Pakistan-Syrian ties a concrete step from the top level is also required. Having missed the oppurtunity to attend the great Syrian leader’s funeral , the Chief Executive should be the first leader to be received in Damascus by the new Syrian President Bashar al Assad after he formally takes over as President on July 24.
Group Captain (Retd) ATHAR HASSAN ANSARI reviews the book written by ROEDAD KHAN, a consummate bureaucrat for being in the eye of the storm
This is not the country I opted for in the Referendum held in my home province of NWFP. in 1947 and this is not the country I would like to die in. I badly want a Pakistan to defend, a nation I can belong to, fight for and die for'. This is what Roedad Khan has written in his book under review. The expression is reflective of that despondency and frustration which all thinking and sensitive countrymen felt in the past and continue to feel. These are not only his feelings. Every Pakistani, more or less, feels the same way.
Roedad Khan has not been only a witness to the traumatic existence of Pakistan since 1947; he was also a player in the game of power politics with varying degrees. Joining the Pakistan Administrative Service in 1949, he reached the apex as a Federal Secretary and then after his retirement in 1985, once again entered the arena as Advisor to President Ghulam Ishaq Khan after the dismissal of the first Benazir Bhutto Government.
'A Dream Sour' is divided into 16 Chapter with a Preface, a Prologue, and an Epilogue. The book also carries a number of appendices. In the Preface, the author minces no words in observing that all the five presidents with whom he worked, in their own way 'directly or indirectly contributed to our generation's anguish and sense of betrayal'. In the Prologue, he gives a brief account of his family background, early education and then moves on to his stay in F.C. College Lahore in 1940. The writer has very fond memories of Lahore's splendour and sophistication. The atmosphere, in the College was 'liberal, tolerant and progressive'. He mentions about the Lahore Resolution of 1940 and observes that it did not make any impact on him. It was at Lahore that Roedad Khan established some life long friendships which continue even today. His moving to the Muslim University at Aligarh took place under compulsion. His father wanted him to go there. He describes the atmosphere in Aligarh as a 'mystic frenzy'. After doing his M A in History, Roedad Khan competed for the Pakistan Administrative Service and started his career in 1951. The October 1958 Martial Law shocked him and all those lofty ideas of a democratic order and representative rule, taught to him at Lahore and Aligarh disintegrated into the air. The country was peaceful. There was no commotion. All state organs were working with their weak and strong points. But still the Martial Law came. He refers to Diecy here that Martial Law could only be resorted to in a situation of 'commotion in the country, preventing the judges from going to the court'. Nothing of this nature was happening in Pakistan. This was the beginning of the tragedy.
Bhutto, as acting foreign minister wanted to visit Badaber. The American commander, after talking to Washington, did agree to Bhutto's visit but only to the cafeteria at Badaber. Badaber was not a base which Roedad Khan has erroneously mentioned. It was a communication centre for electronic espionage against the former Soviet Union and China. The U-2 spy planes did not operate from Badaber. The air base at Peshawar was used for the purpose. Roedad Khan mentions with a lot of pride his contribution as Project Director of Ghulam Muhammad Barrage and his appreciation of the interest Ayub and Kalabagh took in making 2.5 million acres of land available for cultivation. Jam Sadiq Ali also finds a place in the Prologue, for 'Shamiana, Mujra and Alcohol' Roedad Khan admits his failure to protect the lives and property of the citizen of Karachi on the eve of the declaration of presidential election results in 1964 while he was Commissioner of Karachi. Ayub called 'Dhakha and Karachi as deceased cities'. Cham Cham, a dancing girl from Lahore, also finds a place in the book when she was brought to 70 Clifton where the then Indonesian Foreign Minister, Dr. Subandrio was staying as a guest of late Bhutto. Roedad Khan has had the opportunity of meeting a number of world leaders and was impressed most by Zhou Enlai. Meeting him 'was like meeting history'. After Ayub's exist, Roedad Khan was appointed as Federal Information Secretary and was a witness to the events leading to the tragedy of surrender and loss of eastern wing. 'I was in tears', he observes after the surrender and quotes Yahya as saying that 'he was not going to endanger West Pakistan for the sake of Bengalis. Mr. Nurul Amin was highly agitated and wanted to see Yahya. The meeting did take place and the generals including General Hameed were drinking. On seeing this, Nurul Amin observed 'So Dhaka has fallen, and East Pakistan has gone and you are enjoying whiskey'. Roedad Khan also mentions of the plan of 'promulgating a new constitution by Yahya and some of the generals' which was later on dropped in view of the volatile conditions in the country.
1958 martial law was a murder of democracy. Roedad Khan has made a very apt observation in the first Chapter dealing with Ayub. 'Experience shows that the Army Chief does not have to move even one brigade ÑÑ A jeep load of soldiers armed, with the authority of the chief will suffice'. This observation may have lessons for many now and in future. He gives credit to Ayub Khan for establishing KANUPP and PINSTECH. But in the ultimate analysis, 'he was the first to stab Pakistan's democracy in the back. It was Ayub who committed the original sin. It was Ayub who inducted the army into the politics of Pakistan'.
Chapter 2 is a very short one and deals with 'Bhutto, the outcast'. Roedad Khan describes the bitterness of Bhutto, 'The way Ayub treated today, you would not treat your orderly'. The author mentions, in this Chapter, his liking for Bhutto and that he went to the Rawalpindi Railway Station after his ouster. Roedad Khan also mentions his visits to 70 Clifton in Karachi. He expresses great admiration for Bhutto's sister Manna.
In chapter 3, Yahya is mentioned. Yahya was very popular with junior officers and had a great zest for life. However, according to Roedad Khan, Yahya by experience or temperament was not suited for the job of running the country. Roedad Khan has also praises for Maulana Bhashani for his patriotism. Mujeeb gave him an impression of 'being an angry young man in a hurry'. The author observes rightly while discussing the 1970 crisis that 'neither Ayub nor Yahya had the statesmanship or political skill' for resolving the East Pakistani crisis. They both miserably failed to judge the intensity of Bengali feelings. Roedad Khan, however, praised Yahya for his devotion to his family, generosity to friends, loyalty and honesty.
The author describes the details as to how Bhutto was brought from Rome to be handed over power as decided by the military junta. Bhutto, according to the author, started well. His greatest contribution was the 1973 constitution. Also the credit for the development of nuclear programme goes to Bhutto. Roedad Khan then describes the coup' d'etat of Zia and the trial of Bhutto. He is of the opinion that Bhutto's case should not have been fought in the courts. Zia was very clear right from the beginning. 'Roedad Sahib, it is his neck or mine'. Again about the popular belief and propaganda that Zia never commuted death sentences, the author tells us that Zia did so a number of cases. Bhutto's hanging was a trauma for him as Federal Interior Secretary and the one who had worked very closely with him. Roedad Khan broke down. He mentions his visit to CMLA Secretariat and found that all army officers had 'reddened eyes'. Zia, however, failed to destroy PPP which was the greatest ambition of the dictator. Bhutto, according to the author, had great capacity to mobilize people who had faith in him.
Roedad compares Zia with Roosevelt who was 'deeply receptive to the needs of the people'. He would listen to them with 'deep attention'. Zia was a good listener. 'He enjoyed clash of views, conflicting opinions and discordant notes'. However, Roedad, also presents a picture of Zia as painted by Altaf Gauhar as a 'great hypocrite. His grin concealed his arrogance and his cold blooded nature'. Roedad tells us of the transformation in Zia's personality after becoming CMLA. 'He radiated strength and confidence'. Zia, according to the author was surrounded by those who always told him what he wanted to hear. 'In fact, Zia had nothing but contempt for the constitution and democratic norm'. 'What is a constitution?' Zia said, 'It is a booklet with ten to twelve pages. I can tear them up. Is there anybody to stop me?. All politicians including the once mighty Bhutto will follow me with their tails wagging'. Roedad Khan mentions the violent political agitation of MRD and calls it a 'Volcanic Eruption'. The Referendum held by Zia was 'embarrassing low' with polling station giving a haunted and deserted look. With the passage of time, Zia started losing his rigour and confidence. Roedad sums up Zia that 'if he had his way, he would have taken Pakistan back to the Middle Ages. He had no idea of law or constitution or the requirements of a modern government'. He was all set to become an 'Amir'. Roedad also tells us of Zia's ever keenness to speak to Indira Gandhi on telephone and seek her advice, cultivate Indian journalists and welcome Sikh pilgrims in Pakistan. Zia's handling of Afghan crisis and his exploitation of the same to get favours from the west is also mentioned. Roedad is very critical of Pakistan's traditional Afghan policy by 'playing into Indian hands by treating the Afghans as our enemies and their leaders as Indian or Soviet stooges'.
Out of the five presidents, the next is Ghulam Ishaq Khan. Roedad acquaintance with GIK dates back to early fifties. 'Two things about him struck me; he was very handsome and immaculately dressed in western clothes'. Roedad mentions his retirement in 1985 when he 'experienced a strange feeling of liberation'. Zia died in mysterious circumstances, Ghulam Ishaq Khan became president and Benazir Prime Minister in 1988. Benazir had a feeling the GIK had been a party to the tragedy of her family but the author was to advise that 'she was lucky to have an honest man like GIK at the helm of affairs'. However, Benazir had to go in 1990 under the provision of clause-2(b) of article 58 of the constitution. By now Roedad Khan has become an Adviser to the President. Relations between Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and GIK remained warm for about a year but then something started going wrong. 'Go, Baba Go' by Benazir in Parliament and Nawaz Sharif's silence was indicative that something was cooking up. By 1992, difference started surfacing openly. Benazir's appointment as Chairman, Foreign Affairs Committee and Iftikhar Gillani's suggestions that the government and opposition should sit together became the starting point. Then came the question of selection of a new chief of the army staff after the death of General Asif Nawaz. Since the prerogative lay with the president, Lt. Gen Farrukh was tipped for the same. However, when the president discussed it with Nawaz Sharif, the Prime Minister expressed his reservations as according to Chaudhary Nisar Ali 'Farrukh was responsible for all his (Nawaz Sharif) problems with the late Asif Nawaz'. GIK reacted coolly and Lt. Gen. Abdul Waheed was chosen to fill in the slot. Nawaz Sharif did not like even this selection. He had somebody else in his mind. The prime minister came openly against the 8th amendment. PPP was looking for the opportunity. Benazir's strategy proved very successful. She was hobnobbing with both to extract maximum benefit and ultimately 'decided to throw in her lot with the President Ghulam Ishaq Khan'. Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's address on television and radio on April 17, 1993 was heard by the author and Gen. Waheed at the latters residence. 'Good God! we are in serious trouble' said Waheed. Gen Waheed was very upset on this development and conveyed message to the president through the author that as army chief, he would uphold the constitution and that 'martial law was out of question'. Nawaz Sharif's speech sealed the fate of the national assembly which was dissolved by the president. The only dissenting note was from Justice Sajjad Ali Shah, who upheld the presidential action. A political crisis engulfed the whole country. Maulana Samiul Haq played the role of an intermediary. Gen. Waheed came much later. According to the author, the credit for the resolution of the crisis goes to the president, the prime minister and Maulana Samiul Haq. Both the President and the Prime Minister packed up and a new election was held. The author describes Nawaz Sharif 'a decent well meaning person' and 'action oriented'. Roedad Khan speaks very high of GIK and his abilities specially his brilliant intelligence and a powerful and quick mind. The rift between the two was a great tragedy. Nawaz Sharif did not understand GIK well and 'unwittingly drove a reluctant GIK into the arms of Benazir'. Further, discussing the person of Ghulam Ishaq Khan the author tells us that GIK never 'bullied or humiliated anyone, although he loved debate and intellectual confrontation. He put on no airs, he wore no masks. He was a loner from the start. Contemptuous of politicians, he always remained aloof from them. He never permitted any intimacy, friendship or informality except with very few'. Roedad Khan then mentions the indiscretions which he found in the person of GIK like induction of Asif Ali Zardari in the interim cabinet. Then GIK 'shielded some of his sons-in-law' which the author describes as GIK's 'Achilles heel.'
Roedad Khan was sworn as a Federal Minister, on 11 Aug. 1990, given the portfolio of accountability when Benazir first government was dismissed. Whatever then, he describes, is very sickening Ñ- the stories and scandals of financial corruptions and misuse of political influence for personal gains. Six solid cases of serious corruption charges against Benazir Bhutto were initiated. But then, all these cases resulted in nothing. 'No wonder there is a widespread popular belief that people who loot and plunder can get away with anything and that our law is neither swift, nor, sure, nor powerful nor just but only a paper tiger', observes the author. On Benazir's return to power the second term, all these cases were decided in her favour as the refereeing authority. (GIK had ceased to be the President and the referring authority. 'Accountability', in our context is a dirty word as far as power corridors are concerned. Nobody is bothered about it. Here Roedad Khan, in a pensive and reflective mood, gives vent to his feelings about the loot and plunder by holders of public offices.
Roedad Khan describes the election of Leghari as President. Quoting, the Daily Frontier Post, Ijlal Haider Zaidi, got involved in a scheme of things wherein Wasim Sajjad was offered the Presidency. However, the machination did not succeed and Leghari got elected as President. Roedad Khan appreciates the genius of Benazir when he observes that 'she bounced back, returned from political wilderness, and out-manoeuvred both GIK and Nawaz Sharif' and calls it as her 'finest hour'. However, she refused permission to Farooq Leghari to address the nation on Radio and TV. This 'stunned' the author. Roedad Khan displays a lot of respect for Leghari especially is his acumen in dealing with complicated matters. Leghari, as a minister, had the courage to differ with Benazir.
Summing up the performance and characters of the five presidents, he says that 'Ayub was a man of an average intellect, acquisitive but not corrupt'. He was 'decent and kind' man. Yahya was a good man but hardly a good 'President'. Yahya was 'devoid of hypocrisy' and 'in financial matters, scrupulously honest' dying 'almost a pauper'. Bhutto's 'outstanding quality' was his 'courage'. He was the 'brightest, most talented, articulate and colourful character but he could turn and become appalling in the flash of an eye'. Zia was humble and kind but lacked 'authenticity'. Zia always reminded the author of Oliver Cromwell. Zia had 'no military reputation' or 'military achievement to his credit'. GIK was a 'hard working man of great personal integrity and incorruptibility'. He was 'fiercely, independent' specially in dealing with Americans. Zia 'loved power'. Zia's concept of Islamic society was of 'scholastic, institution a list, fossilized Islam, co-opted by corrupt rulers'. Roedad Khan, reflecting on the post 1971 events, tells us that Yahya broke down when detention orders were served on him. Roedad Khan had the Hamood ur rehman Commission Report in his custody for 8 years. 'Yahya's performance', before the commission was 'by far the best'.
The author brings to limelight the important issue which have been hunting the nation for the last fifty years. 'Where does the sovereignty reside in Pakistan'? The higher judiciary in Pakistan created 'history' by validating the imposition of martial law by Ziaul Haq and granted him the right to amend the constitution. All the nine judges were a party to this. The author gives the details of the feats performed by the higher judiciary, 'where revolution is successful, it satisfies the test of efficacy and becomes a basic law creating fact' was the observation on Ayub's martial law. This ruling legitimized not only Ayub's usurpation of power but opened the flood gates for others. Yahya's usurpation of power was declared illegal when he was no longer there. The Provisional Constitutional Order of 1982 was the climax to humiliate the higher judiciary which largely accepted it. Again in Junejo's case, the judgment came after the usurper was gone. Nawaz Sharif's restoration is another example. 'Gen. Waheed distanced himself from the president, his benefactor, and joined the rest of the crowd in running him down'. Roedad Khan describes 'improper' the military brass summoning GIK to GHQ after the crash of Zia. The proper course should have been that the top military hierarchy should have gone to him.
Roedad recalls the advice of Jinnah to civil officers to serve a government if it is formed according to the constitution. Public services deteriorated in Pakistan and a stage has now come wherein public servants have been reduced to the 'level of domestic servants'. Politicians have played havoc with the system. Merit is gone. Because of 'the instinct of self-preservation, most of the civil servants have made adjustments'. The governing principle is that 'if you are not with them, you are against them'.
Roedad Khan touches upon the law of political succession in the Muslim World. This law is just not there and that has always led to 'uncertainty, civil wars, war of succession etc.' The author laments and observes that 'people have lost faith in the impartiality of electoral machinery, the independence of judiciary and the rule of law. 'From the country's first decade. Pakistani judges have tried to match their constitutional ideas and legal language to the exigencies of current politics.' This has been the most favourite line of action. Judiciary has largely remained a tool in the hands of the rulers. As a matter of fact, various judgments of the higher judiciary pertaining specially to the validity of martial laws have made us a laughing stock in the international world. The imposition of martial laws, abrogation and suspension of constitutions were acts of treason. The author touches upon ' the efforts of Justice Sajjad Ali Shah for asserting for its independence'. But then the book went for print. What happened later on is history. 'The lesson is that when dykes of law and justice break, revolutions begin'. We may not be far off from that position.
Shadows of martial laws and military take over still lurk. Pakistan, happens to be the most corrupt country. 'Lotacracy' has become a fact of life. Public faith is at its lowest. 'God seemed to have turned His face away from our country. The author further talks of Pakistan being a land of 'opportunities for the corrupt, unscrupulous, unprincipled politicians, corrupt and dishonest civil servants, smugglers and tax evadors who have bank accounts, luxurious villas and apartments in the west'. He quotes Quaid-e-Azam's speech of 1943 'Here I should like to give a warning to the landlords and capitalists. The exploitation of masses has gone into their blood. They have forgotten the lessons of Islam. Do you visualize that millions have been exploited and cannot get one meal a day. If this is the idea of Pakistan, I would not have it'. Pakistan continues to bleed at the hands of all these elements. Roedad Khan has correctly analyzed the mismanagement of half a century 'if the government does not control inflation and stabilize the balance of payment, if mismanagement of economy continues and the downward slide is not arrested, a grave economic and financial crisis leading to social chaos and upheaval may soon engulf the country. More and more people are losing faith in the country'.
Reflecting on the happenings of last fifty years, the author feels that as a nation we are 'rudderless, exhausted and disoriented'. Barring of a few, our 'leader are all committed to robbing the public'. He comes very hard on politicians when he says, 'the business of politics now attracts the scum of community and a legion of scoundrels'. Robbers must be hanged. Captain Sleeman hanged 400 robbers, 'Thugi' ended and the people of Hindustan, a hundred and fifty years ago, 'heaved a sigh of relief'.
Roedad Khan acknowledges the role and importance of armed forces which are 'preventing the country from going into the abyss of disintegration' but then observes that 'by itself, no army has ever rescued a country from internal disorder, social upheaval and chaos or been able to prevent its disintegration'. He refers to the Nazi military might and then the Red army in former USSR, a super power' which has now become the laughing stock of the world'. Roedad Khan mentions the dissolution of Assembly by Leghari in 1996 and his slogan of accountability which many thought would take to task the corrupt politicians and bureaucrats. Nothing happened. Towards the end, the author longs for 'a person who will light a candle in the gloom.'
'A Dream Gone Sour', besides expressing the anguish of the author on the state of affairs in the country, is also a note of warning for the future. The parallels which he has drawn from events of similar nature from world history are relevant and meaningful for us. His grasp on the subject and his depth of knowledge specially of European and Islamic history are superb. Are we destined to doom forever and lost in the dust of history or is there any ray of hope left? This is a country where unfortunately rulers make promises to break. This is a country where businessmen, landlords, industrialists, bureaucrats, and corrupt politicians have devoured Rupees 140 billion of common men's money. They are at large. Nothing has happening to them. Our forex reserves were $ 10 billion when Zia crashed. Where have they gone? $ 11 billions were frozen. Who ate them up? That was betrayal of trust. Even after becoming an atomic power and claiming to have broken the 'begging bowl', our leaders are running from pillar to post begging for money. Fossilized characters like Sahibzada Yaqoob and Akram Zaki and many others are wasting a lot of foreign exchange undertaking foreign visits which will bring us nothing. The picture is frightening. Slogans will not save us. Pakistan today stands at a crossroads. Let us sincerely hope and pray that it does not engulf into a blood bath or economic collapse. God has gifted us with immense resources. It is a test for its leadership. However, well done Mr. Roedad Khan. Whatever demonstrated the courage. You have spoken the bitter truth. It is hoped that it does fall on deaf ears. Pakistan must be rescued. This blessing of Allah for the Muslims must be protected, saved and put on the path of prosperity and happiness. Let us resolve on the 51st birthday that we will do it.
Commissioned in 1967 in the Education Branch. Group Captain (Retd) Athar Hasan Ansari served the PAF in different capacities till his retirement in 1995. His assignments interalia included Officer Commanding, School of Academic Training, Director, College of Staff Studies. Director Institute of Defence Management and Principal of two PAF Colleges. His articles on national and international issues have been appearing in the national press. Presently, he is working as Directing Staff (Research) at the Air War College.
You must enable Javascript on your browser for the site to work optimally and display sections completely.
Blogtainment | Das Entertainment Blog is proudly powered by WordPress | Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS) | DAILYPRESS theme by Blog Oh! Blog
If you are new to the drone market you can quickly find yourself very confused with the lingo (some say nonsense) and acronyms thrown around. Some people seem to take delight in statements such as:
“There was probably a problem with the lipo with a narrow FOV and lost LOS before the drone went AOL”
This section should help you with the acronyms, abbreviations and industry lingo, if you think anything is missing please add it below in the comments. The below section will also grow as, inevitably, more terms find their way into the lingo.
Anyone who has been involved in Dimension Engineering will likely already know this term as it is not exclusive to the drone industry/space. An accelerometer is basically an instrument that is used to measure the acceleration of a moving body. In layman’s terms this means it measures how fast something is moving in a given direction and the rate of acceleration, on some drones this information is fed back to the flight controller to keep the drone stable as it increases its speed.
Most people actually own an accelerometer without realizing it as almost all present day smart phones have them fitted as do over 90% of drones on the market today.
This is an easy one, altitude, in the drone sense, refers to the height of a flying object (in relation to the land below it). There are actually specifically designed high altitude drones but it is imperative to bear in mind that local laws will prevent you from taking a high-altitude drone and flying it as high as technically possible. The action that will be taken against the first person to interfere with a commercial flight using a drone is going to be brutal, don’t be the scapegoat. Although you must check this it is usually safe to fly a drone no higher than 100 meters.
Altitude Hold function is a feature that will enable the drone to hover and steady itself in the air so that the pilot can make use of the camera more effectively.
Aerial photography, which can be either done as a hobby, commercial service or even by the military as part of a recon operation.
Almost Ready to Fly, simple? Basically if a drone is ARTF it will be partially assembled and you will need to finish the job. As a beginner you may question the logic of an ARTF drone, however, as a beginner you would probably benefit the most from this type of setup.
Building a drone from the ground up is a very complex task but taking one that is pre built and ready to fly does not allow you the opportunity to tinker with the drone and get to know its workings. The ARTF option allows you to get your hands dirty, learn about the components and technicalities but without throwing you in at the deep end and expecting you to perform rocket science (or drone science).
Dare we use the term “auto pilot”! Basically, an autonomous drone is one that can actually fly on its own without constant supervision or control from a human.
Following autonomous this seemed a logical next definition, a feature of a drone to basically fly without real time input from a person. An example of autopilot usage would be where a drone is programmed to follow a selection of GPS coordinates to take it from A to B to C to D.
A barometric pressure sensor empowers the EAH on photography drones. The BPS basically feeds back the altitude to the flight controller so that it can remain stable for photography.
Bind and fly, a drone unit which is ready to simply be bound to an existing transmitter that you already own and at that point its ready to fly, use your existing transmitter that you know and love to fly your new drone with it is BNF.
This is one you should be able to guess, a drone flight which is occurring to make someone a profit.
Remember elevation and altitude are two different things. Elevation is the height of an area above sea level. As most people know higher elevation means thinner air, this is why athletes sometimes chose to train at high elevation as it is harder to get their breath and puts the body under more stress. The same is true for drones, thin air means the drone needs to work harder and some lesser drones will not perform well at higher elevations so if you are investing in your first drone and planning on using it in an area of high elevation you should check the elevation limits on the model you are considering buying.
Also – when flying in thinner air at altitude, as the drone needs to work harder, you will often see a reduced flight time.
Electronic speed controller(s). All drones currently require at least one ESC, knowing this is increasing important if you plan to build your own drone or are considering the ARFT option. An ESC controls the amount of power that is sent to the engine and the number of ESC that a drone requires is related to the number of motors that it uses.
Dare we call this the brain of the drone? The “logic” that keeps it in the air. The one thing you don’t want to malfunction as it usually means expensive repairs, an in air malfunction, obviously, can lead to disaster!
If you truly love something let it go and if it loves you back it will return, or something like that? The term fly away is one no drone owner wants to hear or at worst use. A fly away drone is one that has vanished into the sky never to be seen or heard of again. Improving flight controllers, GPS and tracking features fortunately are reducing the number of fly aways but the problem still exists.
The very nature of a fly away makes it difficult to diagnose the exact reasons why the problem occurred, however, anything from high levels of interference, faulty GPS/positional lock or a number of other things could be the cause of the problem. Flying your drone in a responsible manner in a sensible location can reduce the likelihood of experiencing a fly away.
An additional feature on some drones which will try to protect you from a fly away situation, fly away protection works in a number of ways but one example would be to restrict the drone from going beyond the range of control.
This is actually a frequently used one amongst the camera drone crew but a bit of a mystery to the mainstream, field of view means the view area that a camera has and all cameras have different FOV and these can again differ under different conditions.
Some drone cameras are actually designed for specific FOVs with more focus towards landscape or portrait.
First person view, much like a first person shooter style video game (older readers remember Doom, Duke Nuke Em and of course the new wave too!). Sometimes but less frequently called “through the eye view” basically you are seeing exactly what you would it you were legitimately piloting the drone, sitting in it, or even if you were it.
To be true FPV you need to be able to view in real time and high quality, this is a useful feature in camera drones and when using a camera drone a larger screen like a TV or PC are often the best approach, however, if you are in it for the fun and just want a thrill you are better off using HD goggles.
This might be the only term that does not need a definition due the GPS weening its way into everyday life. Initially we saw GPS in cars under the guise of satellite navigation subsequently GPS started to appear in mobile phones. GPS was initially used by the military as a location positioning service but as it became cheaper and more affordable it was adopted for everyday use. GPS is used in drones to provide stability but it is also used to “return to home” (see the term home position in this guide) on more advanced drones, it can also sometimes be used as a beacon to find a fallen drone.
Without going into the absolute technical details on this one gyroscope is a technology that is used to aid drones in their direction and promote steady flight.
A fun and also useful feature which basically means refardless of which way round or up the drone is pushing a direction on your control will take the drone in that direction. For example, if you think logically if the drone was to flip upside down pushing forwards on your control, without this feature, would actually take the drone backwards, however in headless mode it will follow your instructions as if it was always the right way around.
This basically sits between toy grade and commercial grade drones. The quality and reliability of a hobby grade drone is far superior to the toy grade but the price does go up. With toy grade they usually come RTF but hobby grade have far more options.
This is an option that can be set on some drones and others will set it themselves before they take off. It is logged using GPS so that the drone can identify where it took off from and the route back to the point of takeoff.
The inertial measurement unit is an element of the drone which works with other components on order to ensure smooth and stable flight by suppling additional information the the flight controller.
Lipo is not to be confused with a medical procedure and refers to the type of battery commonly used in drones. The reason its not just called a “battery” is that the specific type of batter is a lithium-ion polymer. These are not the safest batteries in the word and you do need to handle them with care.
The term you have most likely not heard of but could guess if you were pressured. LOS is simply line of site, you probably guessed what it stands for and with that information you can certainly guess what it means. When people talk about line of site they just mean they can see their drone, if you lose sight of your drone your LOS has been “broken”.
A modification, a term used in lots of different hobby areas, basically where someone has done something to their own drone to customize it or make it feature in a nonstandard manner.
An area which for at least one reason you are not allowed to fly a drone, for example if you were to fly a drone over the whitehouse your drone would be confiscated and you would be fined…. At the very least!
On screen display, basically, however you control your drone, if it has a screen it is referred to as the OSD.
– Pitch refers to the movement of the nose or back end of your drone. Adjusting the pitch makes the nose or back end of your drone tilt down or up.
The various components of the drone require different amounts of power at different times to carry out different actions and the power management unit is what handles the distribution of that power.
In a similar way a pilot carries out checks before flight a light aircraft (and to get a private pilots license in the UK potential pilots are tested on this) a drone pilot should take steps before each flight to make sure that the flight is done safely and efficiently in accordance with the law.
You may have heard this phrase used in the movie Top Gun and, as you will likely have noticed, the drone industry and aviation industry do share some terminology. A roll is a drone spin on a horizontal axis.
A shorter version of the NRTF acronym, where as NRTF is nearly ready to fly a RTF is ready to fly out of the box. If you buy a RTF drone you can expect to take it out of the box and fly it straight away.
We have talked extensively about GPS and the homing ability of drones, RTH is basically making use of these features to return to home. Different drones offer different options but most drones targeted at beginners have a RTH failsafe which brings the drone back to where it took off (not always your actual home) if it loses signal or malfunctions. You can also request the drone RTH if you lose track of what you are doing or need bailing out. Some controls even have a dedicated RTH button which is basically like an emergency get out button to be called on when needed.
One important note is that, if you have a RTH enabled drone you need to set the home location every time you take off unless this is done by default otherwise, upon hitting the RTH button the drone will attempt to get back to last set RTH location – if that happens if will make chasing down your dog the last time it escaped seem like child’s play.
A phrase borrowed from the gym with a similar meaning, a drone spotter is nothing like a train spotter but it would not be surprising if at some time in the future “drone spotting” became a hobby. Going back on topic a spotter is someone who accompanies you while you fly the drone who is there solely to maintain LOS the whole time. A spotter can be an especially good idea when you are involved in commercial drone piloting or drone photography but is always useful. If you are reading this guide and learning the terms for the first time it is likely you are a beginner so take a spotter with you on your first few flights!
This is less used in the hobbyist or even civilian drone user, it is much more a military term. Basically the station refers to the base from which a (usually military) drone is controlled.
A very basic level drone which is usually very affordable but lacking is many features. A toy grade drone is often what gets people into the drone thing to start with and then the upgrade to more serious drones over time. Toy grade drones are know to be a unstable and but the low price means taking to the skys for the first time does not have to be a scary experience and if you crash the damage (due to the size and weight) is usually minimal as is the damage to your pocket.
This is like a stop off point between where you take off and your end destination, a trip could have several waypoints.
The Approach Most People Take When Buying Their First Drone When hobbyists start looking for their first drone and exploring their options they usually come at it from one of two angles....
There was a time when the word drones was synonymous with sci-fi and being attacked by something wicked. Well, the drone may be wicked, but they are wicked cool in my...
Camera drones are a interesting breed of drone because they are the one type of drone that people who have no interest at all in drones can see a use for...
Drones are great, they can make our work easier and more efficient and they can also provide us with a rewarding and fun hobby. Combine the two and you could end...
Edit – just for sanity it is important to note that the terms builder, builder drone and drone building kit all mean the same thing and are used interchangeably in the...
I wouldnt compare myself to anyone I dont care, I like to just be me. Im not concerned with your liking or disliking me, all i ask is your respect.
// I cannot believe it's September already! For me summer is over. I hope that autmun will go past fast. I also hope that writing my master research paper goes easily and without much pressure. The most I hope I can spend time with Jay as much as possible.. either in Finland or in Estonia :) //
I understand that I am free to withdraw consent at any time. Ever wondered what dating is like in Japan. Well, then here you go. However, be warned: If you want to read about bragging stories of all those Western guys who get. Photo gallery, plot outline, cast list, user reviews, and a message board. Also, it starts to look like me and the feminists should be looks like I. And untitled doesnt really make sense. And if biology is a hard science. Gun Milan, Kundli Milan, Online gun milan matching, kundli matching, free gun milan readings, marriage matching, marriage match Apr 09, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Reader Approved wiki How to Avoid Internet Dating Scams. Three Parts: Noticing What Isn't Right Engaging in Conversation Meeting … Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old privately held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH. It has primary operations in. SitAlong. com is a free online dating site reserved exclusively for singles over 50 seeking a romantic or platonic relationship. Meet local singles over 50 today. eHarmony best match making horoscope an completely free online dating south africa dating acvice. It was launched on Healtth mens health dating advice, 2000, and is based in Los Speed dating questions for him, California. The company is privately held. Famous for its spectacular red rock mens health dating advice mountain scenery, Colorado Springs, CO, is a fun weekend destination for couples and families. Best things to do in Colorado. Mason quot;Dipperquot; Pines (born August 31, 1999, 5 mens health dating advice after Mabel Pines) is a smart, curious. quot;Hard work is mens health dating advice near as overrated as monogamy. quot; Funny quotes and sayings about Work, Mens health dating advice, Bosses, that will free your best dating services south africa from the grind. Carbon last of us remastered matchmaking issues is the mens health dating advice famous form of radiometric dating. By measuring the trace amounts of radioactive carbon-14 (so named because avdice has 6 protons and 8. There are so many shades in haelth as one travels lifes sexual journey. One such mens health dating advice oklahoma free dating sites in entering the Advic and BDSM culture. It is mens health dating advice culture rich in new. Dating site peru who spoke to the Gods and Goddesses were the Priests and Priestesses supposedly a carry-over from the time of Atlantis. They were the … Profile. Drama: My Lovely Girl (English title) Revised romanization: Naegen Neomoo Sarangseureowoon Geunyeo Hangul: Oct 13, 2010nbsp;0183;32;And the truth is revealed. Gavin Rossdale recently gave an interview to Details Magazine, in which he FINALLY put speculation to rest regarding a rumor that. (Editors Note: Each week, the staff of DallasCowboys. com will present 6 Days to Sunday for the upcoming game, presenting a daily update for each team as they. Alodia, also referred to as Alwa or Aloa, was a medieval Nubian kingdom in what is now central and southern Sudan. Its capital was Soba, located near the confluence. Its official. Our little sprout has a heartbeat. We are very happy and excited. I also sort of wonder whether were a bit crazy to have another child when we can. How do you move from casual dating to serious relationship.
Online news and press release distribution service for small and medium-sized businesses and corporate communications. Includes current items, organized by date. You can find your beautiful girl with our dating services. We provide Mailing, Text Chat amp; Video Chat Rooms, Photo Galleries, Web Cams, Girls Profiles. If you're willing to think outside the box, tons of father-daughter activities can serve up a dual dose of girl-glee and dad-delight to your bonding time, no matter. If you have already begged and pleaded or have been a bit of an emotional wuss, dont worry you can recover from that. Just start being a confident, emotionally. The Choctaw (In the Choctaw language, Chahta) are a Native American people originally occupying what is now the Southeastern United States (modern-day Alabama. Introduction. 1980 arrived and so did a twelve day transit strike - the second major transit strike in 14 years. When it was settled, a large operating deficit was. How to Get Someone to Xating Talking in a Baby Dahing. Youve got problems, Ive got advice. This cost of dating coach isnt sugar-coated-in fact, mens health dating advice sugar-free, and… How long should men's shorts be. How should shorts fit. Mens health dating advice styles looks menns. This detailed guide explains it all. Ladyboy Dating Agency is one of the best 100 completely free Ladyboy dating sites. Join to browse Tranny, TGirl, Transgender, Transexual Daily mail dating, Shemale sex dating. Actual examples of women's good and bad online dating profiles. ARABIC [back to top] ARA 101 Beginning Arabic I 4 cr. Introduces mens health dating advice, speaking, reading, and writing skills, and emphasizes basic Arabic sentence structure. EliteSingles. com dating mens health dating advice join one tawkify dating site the best online dating sites for single professionals. Meet mens health dating advice, single men and advife in your dating coach south florida. Official Site - BeautifulPeople. com is free dating websites for musicians leading online dating site for beautiful men and women. Meet, date, chat, and create relationships with attractive men and. By submitting the form, you acknowledged that you are or over 18 years old and you will follow local policies and laws. Con artists scam victims on online dating websites out of thousands. Heres one womans story of losing her retirement savings to a scammer. This page contains links to 1360 radios and radio-related items for sale at the Radio Attic. Reviews of the top 10 lesbian dating sites, 100 free source for online lesbian dating and chat. Read our reviews and find the best one to meet her who is special. sacrentals. com Sacramento rental house list features rental houses, homes, condos, corporate furnished rentals, midtown lofts, apartments and rental property. Is there really a God. Where did Cain find his wife. What about the gap theory. Are radioisotope dating methods reliable.
Just start being a confident, emotionally. When a man leaves his online dating profile active, what does it mean. How do you tell if he is interested in dating you exclusively. FUN. FUN. FUN. Youd be hard pressed to find girls that are more playful than Japanese free online dating soldiers. Even the hottest ones will make goofy cute faces and funny poses in.
Fed up of paying 99162; for your music. Looking for legal and virus free downloads in CD Quality for only 16162. Check out the review below and visit Iomoio,it will be. RebelMouse is the best Is online dating christian 2017 and 1 Wordpress VIP alternative.
See what makes us so fast, and why you should re-platform with us today. Vaishnavism (Vaishnava dharma) is one of the major cfc dating seminar within Hinduism along with Shaivism, Shaktism, and Smartism. It is also called Vishnuism, its followers. Tick to receive relevant updates from Time Out including news, events, offers and competitions. It is cool to admit that you love Tamil porn.
But do you watch the best Tamil xxx clips. Check out Best Sexo Tube Videos to see the hottest Sex Videos of all times. Baby names popularity and trends in the acclaimed interactive graph of baby name popularity. Watch as baby name trends rise and fall over time. Long-term water storage for emergencies. A big storm and earthquake hits your town. Its a certifiable quakenado. Online dating has taken off in Vietnam in mens health dating advice same way it has in the Philippines.
The dayton dating online dating sites in Vietnam have a lot of members, good chat and. Find Thai Women, mens health dating advice, Thai Girls, and Thai ladies at Thai dating services online. Meet Beautiful Thai Singles and sexy Thailand girls for marriage dating vibroplex keys love.
Thai Brides Free Porn: Only The Best Free Porn Movies XXX Downloads. These mens health dating advice and amateurs alike are horny as mens health dating advice and want to show off their hungry pussies in these free. As a kid, Bollywood strongly influenced my interpretation of what a relationship should be and what romance looks like. I always thought when I got older, a young. (Updated March 4th, 2010) Recently I cute dating stuff a list mens health dating advice the most popular atheism websites.
Haumea, minor-planet designation 136108 Haumea, is a dwarf planet located beyond Neptune's orbit. It was discovered in 2004 by a team … Your using your devices with intention, creating an online self thats actually different than you. Once people realize this, measure it, understand it, then they. Christian Dating site to connect with other Christian Singles online. Start your Free Trial to chat with your perfect match. Christian-owned since 1999. Now that Tinder is charging for its services, it might be time to turn to one of the many other dating apps available. Which will you try. Hi Quix, I have been diagnosed with Herpes Simplex II. I am also having issues. It appears to be typical nerve damage symptoms, but nothing showed up on 6 … Black singles know BlackPeopleMeet. com is the premier online destination for African American rules for dating my daughter shirt uk. To meet black men or marital dating sites women mens health dating advice your area, radio tay online dating up mens health dating advice FREE. Arch230;ology of the Cross and Crucifix. Help support New Advent and get the full contents of this website as an instant download. Includes the Catholic Encyclopedia. Gay Cowboy Central. A community for gay cowboys mens health dating advice for those who love the mens health dating advice lifestyle. Mens health dating advice you can meet gay adrenaline rush dating for friendship, dating, or more. Aug 24, 2015nbsp;0183;32;There is nothing so terrifying in a married woman's life than the threat of an unfaithful cheater dating sites. Why. Well, most mens health dating advice else we can handle; losing a. The most populous country in the world how i met your mother online dating a number of worthwhile online dating sites. The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this. The MBA Exchange has experienced MBA graduates or former admissions officers of well-reputed business schools working as MBA admissions consultants. Because of … With Matchmaker Michigan, the last thing you need to worry about is your personal safety. Unlike online dating sites, each client is carefully screened and selected. Turnitin creates tools for K-12 and higher education that improve writing and prevent plagiarism. Turnitins formative feedback and originality checking services. The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs. Feb 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A video that lists the top 10 free online dating sites. If you're a single person who is searching for a list of the best free dating websites on the.
At NEAF I bought the small refractor I’m planning to use for astrophotography but all the associated parts I need haven’t arrived yet so when a couple fo clear nights showed up I decided to try imaging the area around the galaxies M81 and M82. Granted, they are going to be very small in the frame at 200mm focal length but I figured it would be good practice.
And I definitely need the practice. I’ve still got some issues to work out but I managed to get about 3 hours of data (99 images, 2 minute exposures). This was spread over two nights and, unfortunately, mostly in the light of the just past full moon. That definitely made things more challenging when it cam time to process the data.
It was a worthwhile exercise. I’m learning more about the equipment and more about image processing. Overall, still baby steps, but it was fun to see this come together in something resembling what I was hoping to achieve.
home improvement stores open near me style republic plus dresses midi dress with frill license nj renewal contractor training,republic clothes home improvement stores open now contractor license nj application loans usaa,home improvement cast wilson gif clothing apparel banana republic factory license nj renewal,home improvement cast deaths banana republic clothing stores in license nj phone number nearby,home improvement license wilson meme workshop republic clothing dresses striped dress surplus stores near me,home improvement loans for fair credit more women clothing banana republic bomber jacket light grey surplus stores near me contractor license,home improvement license nj search loans with bad credit philosophy republic clothing printed high low dress for women cast 2018,style republic online fashion shoes clothing for women men home improvement wilson reveal license nj contractor nyc,home improvement stores medford oregon wilson theory black and white philosophy republic clothing striped high open now,home improvement loans ny cast karen for the republic clothing t shirt license westchester.
Seventeen-year-old Naomi is determined not to let her disease determine her destiny. Instead, she uses her passion to pursue the things she enjoys: dancing and sewing, Girl Scouts and participating in a Youth Council at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP).
In May, Naomi is taking on a new role: team captain of the Bethel Five, a team participating in the Daisy Days 31-Day Challenge. She and her teammates will walk regularly throughout the month and raise funds to support sickle cell research and care at CHOP.
Naomi recently answered a few questions about her experience with CHOP and why she’s participating in the 31-Day Challenge.
Answer: I was born with sickle cell disease and have been coming to CHOP for 17 years. Throughout that time, I’ve been admitted to the hospital multiple times due to issues related to my disease. I continue to be under the care of the Division of Hematology.
Answer: Since I can remember, the entire CHOP team has treated me with compassion, love and support. There has never been a time during my hospital stays that the staff didn’t make me feel comfortable and that my health was their number one priority.
Renee Cecil [MSN, RN] has been the sickle cell nurse specialist since I began my treatment. She is truly a special person and has helped me and my family immensely throughout the years.
My social worker, Charles Adams [MSW], has always been my champion, including me in activity occurring inside the sickle cell community.
Finally, what can I say about Dr. [Kim] Smith-Whitely [MD]. She has been absolutely amazing. She has held my hand since I could remember, always encouraging me and ensuring I am getting the best treatment. Her infectious smile and upbeat attitude has been the reason I will be entering nursing school in the fall so I can serve as she does on a daily basis.
I am not sure what my future will be like, but I remain confident that CHOP has provided me the greatest foundation possible to deal with any health issues I will encounter and for that I will be forever grateful.
Answer: To give back the CHOP and show my support for those who have supported me throughout the years.
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new free music download by email.
usb rechargable 12000 lumens bicycle flashlight led xml t6 bicycle light bike lamp lighting with bike mount usb cable by 18650
If you get excited by Artificial Intelligence and how it can be used to augment and improve decision-making, you should consider our growing software product firm client. Their Active Learning platform helps intelligence analysts find novel ...
Our client is a small Digital Signal Processing leader in the Intelligence Community that primes on a variety of DSP programs in Northern VA. They are seeking DSP Engineers for immediate, fully funded positions on multiple long-term prime contracts. As ...
Our client is the sole-source prime on a key multi-decade Data Science program that is the real deal: real data, real impact, real consequences. Some of their teams report directly to the DIRNSA. You will be surprised by both the scope and the ...
Our client sets the standard for employee happiness in a tangle of mid-sized government contracting firms. They have work on numerous contracts like the larger players in the community, while still delivering an employee-focused benefits package ...
Our client is exclusively focused on DevOps Automation in Amazon Web Services (AWS): they help their customers continuously deploy software with confidence. They are one of the top AWS partners in the US and have been doing AWS-based Continuous ...
I’ll be sharing with you some images of one of the most magical places I have ever been to, while chasing the midnight sun in the arctic circle.
I have always dreamt of traveling all the way up north, to the Arctic Circle, and see the midnight sun. It was on the top of my list of rare, extraordinary phenomena I’d like to see. Like the northern lights, the glowing algae, the giant crystal caves, or some of the other amazing, beautiful rareties of this amazing world.
This summer, I had the privilege to make that dream come true and travel from Stockholm to the Arctic Circle, more specifically, the Lofoten Islands, in Norway, and spend 6 nights there.
We didn’t drive all the way there. We first flew to Kiruna, the northernmost town in Sweden, and then road tripped to Lofoten. And that’s me, in Kiruna, still city touristing, not yet fully embracing the camper style.
Here’s a glimpse of what it looks like inside the largest wooden building in Sweden, considered to be “a shrine for the nomadic people”.
Then, the magic started. After crossing the border, the ground begins to take shapes, lakes and waterfalls start to appear, and little houses with their rooftops covered in grass and flowers let us know we’re in beautiful Norway.
And we were incredibly lucky with the weather. In fact, we changed our flights just to be able to take advantage of the fantastic weather forecast for that week. Sunny and up to 22 degrees Celsius (about 72 Fahrenheit) during the day, and down to only 6 degrees Celsius at night (about 43 Fahrenheit). This kind of weather, all the way up there in the Arctic Circle, was a chance not to be missed.
We decided to camp most of the days, and since all the few pretty places were fully booked, we ended up camping every day. Which was the best option, really. Why would you want to sleep indoors in the most beautiful natural place you’ve been to?
So every day we found a new camp, will the only requisites of 1) having a clear view facing north, to be able to see the sunset, and 2) be as far away as possible from the road.
The task wasn’t always easy, but we always managed to find the perfect spot. Our as don Juan would say, our “sitio“.
The Lofoten islands are known for the spectacular views of mountains, lakes, the open sea – home to some of the world’s biggest whales, picturesque fisherman villages, and untouched lands. After spending the days in awe of the beauty of the place, the sunsets were the cherry on top of the cake (quite literally).
At the time we went, it was a couple of days after the 17th of July. Therefore the sun was already setting (which doesn’t happen between the 25-26th of June and the 17th of July). But it was set somewhere between 12.20am, in the first days, and 12.00am in the last day.
If you’re a highly susceptible person, or you’re a vegetarian or vegan, please forgive me. I confess: I have a big food crush on snails. So I got some from the rocks at the beach, cooked them in seawater, and ate them.
There is something quite special about picking food from its most pure original habitat and eat it. Though I don’t like fishing, and I would never, ever hunt. Apart from plants, snails are about as big as I go when it comes to killing a living being for food. I‘m sorry little ones, for my primitive self.
Being from Portugal (perhaps you guessed it after seeing the snails), and having eaten codfish for almost all my life (I know it’s hypocritical, I don’t fish it but someone has to fish it for me*), it was especially interesting to see where the cod is caught and dried. Before being sent to Portugal, and to our tables, to be one of the most (if not the most) iconic ingredient of our cuisine. (*For those of you surprised about my food choices, please note that my first option is almost always vegetarian/vegan.)
Finally, my favorite day, with the mandatory skinny dip in the Arctic waters. And a sequence of what was probably my favorite sunset, and where you can see how much the sun moves much more sideways here, as compared to in lower latitudes.
I don’t think there’s anything more recharging for the body-mind and spirit than to spend time in such pristine and magnificent nature.
I have left a part of my heart in Lofoten and would love to return, perhaps during the winter, to experience the Northern Lights.
If you’re curious, all pictures here were posted straight out from my dear camera, the Canon G7X (apart from some cropping and the pictures where I appear, naturally, and the snails’ shot). You can check more about this gorgeous little camera here: CANON G7X.
En application de la loi nº78-17 du 6 janvier 1978 relative à l'informatique, aux fichiers et aux libertés, vous disposez des droits d'opposition (art.26 de la loi), d'accès (art.34 à 38 de la loi), et de rectification (art.36 de la loi) des données vous concernant. Ainsi, vous pouvez exiger que soient rectifiées, complétées, clarifiées, mises à jour ou effacées les informations vous concernant qui sont inexactes, incomplètes, équivoques, périmées ou dont la collecte ou l'utilisation ou la conservation est interdite.
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl CaramelBooBoo here. I'm 18 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. I`d like to have a sexual conversation and get naked for you I have a banging body. I like working out & dancing in my free time , I`m very out going also!. I`m flexible and I don`t get tired during while having sex I`m the dominate one in the bed let me do me on that dick is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Short Brown hairs and my measurements are 36-25-30. For Turn ons: Dudes with braces good hair lightskin with tattoos. For TurnsOff: Dudes that come on just a little to strong. If you prefer kinks, then Tattoos,Hairy, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
I was thrilled when Shana and Christian contacted me to take some post wedding portraits. We met at the Atlanta Botanical Gardens for a few hours late in the afternoon, the weather was beyond perfect, it really could not have been better. Perfectly sunny and breezy, which is good since Christian was walking around in full dress uniform!
It only took a few minutes in their company to know they are truly and completely in love with each other. Since they both have extremely busy schedules their time together is precious, it was obvious they were just happy to be spending time together and they kept each other laughing the whole session.
Posted in Children,Family,UncategorizedTags: Alpharetta Children's Photographer,Alpharetta Family Photographer,Atlanta Children's Photographer,Atlanta's Family Photographer
Atlanta Engagement Session: Lebo and David by Abbie J. Smith Photography | ellyB events - March 12, 2012 - 7:27 pm
[...] and David strolled Piedmont Park for their engagement session with their photographer Abbie J. Smith. The couple is getting married this September over at the beautiful Villa Christina. We [...]
Welcome to 2012, a new year, a year full of fresh possibilities. I’ve recently read and heard so much about New Years Resolutions, changes people are hoping to make, different approaches and different plans to help each person stick with or remember the goals they have set. Well, I know myself pretty well and if I try to stick with anything for a year I will either forget or give up. Ok, I will probably forget until about halfway through August I will recall said resolutions, realize I have lost my focus or fallen short and then give up. Who wants to spend the last third of the year resolving to do something thats now almost impossible to accomplish. I don’t want to “resolve” to do anything, I want to enjoy making better decisions in my life and enjoy seeing a positive outcome in my daily life.
So, here are some simple things I plan to focus on, small simple ways I am “resolving” to change, small things I believe will improve my daily life. I plan to focus on these things from now until my birthday, April 19th. At that time I will reassess and see if there are other things that I could or should focus on for the rest of the year.
“The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.” – Henry Ward Beecher
- Be thankful, way more thankful! I recently saw a quote on Pinterest that said – “What if you woke up tomorrow with only the things you thanked God for today?” and all I could think was OUCH! I am so blessed, so extremely blessed. I have everything I “need” and I have so many luxuries, So many people that love me, so many people I love. I have an amazing family, a good job, I have a passion that I am blessed to pursue, I have good health, and most of all a gracious, merciful Savior and his mercies are new every morning – how great is that?!? So, I am resolving to be more grateful and thankful for everything in my life, especially for those things that are so easy to overlook until they are taken away from you or someone close to you.
- Find the magic in daily life by taking the time to see the things and the moments I normally over look because I am too busy.
- Use my emotional energy wisely, I don’t want to waste emotional energy on something that isn’t important. I feel ridiculous even admitting this but its true. I find myself worrying about others immature or inconsiderate actions whens its not even something I have the power to change. I also worry way too much about what other people are thinking of me, when in reality I should only be worried about the opinions of the people closest to me, the people who really know and love me.
- Do something creative 2-3 times a week, even if its only for a few minutes. Try a new recipe, sew something, knit, crochet, paint, redecorate etc.
Well, let's see, it's noon here on the 5th, so it's still technically the 4th of July everywhere in the US except the east coast. We didn't do anything on the actual 4th; no fireworks from China, no barbecue, no flag waving. All we did we each quiche and watch Sopranos. This past weekend, however, we headed north on the island of Luzon to a friend's house, where we celebrated in full American style by drinking cheap beer, eating huge grilled bacon cheese burgers, swimming in a river and eating watermelon seeds. Not actual watermelon, just their hugely addictive seeds. It was a great time, we just went up for a few days, but some friends from nearby came as well, and it was nice to see friends again and revel in the fact that people understood you the first time to said something, and that they not only understand sarcasm, but actively used it themselves! The river was awesome, mostly because it was clean, and the drive there was through lush, rolling green hills, the likes of which I haven't seen yet in the Philippines. The place we went on the river was a local swimming area, which meant a few things: nipa huts, videoke, brandy drinking and oddly enough, motorcycle washing and laundry doing. Bringing a giant load of laundry to a fun weekend outing at the river doesn't appeal to me, but you do have to applaud their multi-tasking. Some people rented innertubes which you could use to float a short section of the river, but mostly we just sat in the water, ate a lot and had a few beers.
Other than that, we haven't been doing much. Abby's classroom has been flooded for the past week, despite multiple claims that it had been fixed. As the water bubbling through the floor indicated, it has obviously not been. Plus her counterpart's wife is going to the US to study, so he's been a little busy. So she's been trying to work on her grant proposal, and keeping herself busy. She's attempting to get grant money so they can hold sign language classes for the deaf student's family members, who, amazingly enough, don't speak sign language. Most of us in the US can agree that having family members involved in a student's life makes a big difference, so obviously this will be really helpful for her students, not to mention the fact that it's almost insane that some people can't really communicate with their own children.
I had two big Project Design and Management workshops here at the end of May/beginning of June, and for most of the month of June I've been alternating between doing nothing and working on a Coastal Resource Management plan for the province. I have a few things coming up in the future though, as I start working on a biodiversity camp we'll be having here on Mindoro in October. Abby and I are also going to start work on a project at her school, a book club of sorts for the English teachers, not only to get them reading, but to promote creative thinking and also to introduce new strategies for teaching/teaching literature, other than just having students memorize things. That will coincide with Abby's library project, where she's hoping to get about 500 books for mid-level readers so that the kids can have access to easy-to-read books. Because virtually NO ONE reads here. It's nuts.
Hiscock & Barclay Announces Affiliation with Former U.S. Attorney and Formation of White Collar Practice - Barclay Damon LLP
Hiscock & Barclay Announces Affiliation with Former U.S. Attorney and Formation of White Collar Practice
Hiscock & Barclay, LLP, a full service 200-attorney law firm, announces that former United States Attorney, Daniel J. French, and his partner, Lee Alcott, have joined the firm as Of Counsel, and that the firm has formed a new White Collar Defense & Government Investigations Practice Area that will be co-chaired by French and Gabriel M. Nugent, a partner at the Firm. While supporting firm clients in their new Of Counsel roles, French and Alcott - who has more than 30 years of experience in civil litigation - will remain principals of their existing firm, French-Alcott, PLLC.
“With his experience as a U.S. Attorney and criminal defense lawyer, Dan French has a reputation in the white collar arena that few attorneys can match, not just in Upstate New York, but anywhere. So, this affiliation is a major coup for us,” said Hiscock & Barclay Managing Partner, John P. Langan. According to Langan, “The Firm’s white collar practice has grown rapidly in the last five years, setting us apart from many of our competitors who have lost depth in this area. Adding Dan to our team gives us a unique level of depth and experience in the white collar area, while providing additional support in the areas of health care, tax, and environmental, among others.” According to Gerald F. Stack, Managing Director of the Firm’s Syracuse office, where French-Alcott is located, “With a changing regulatory environment and ever more aggressive government enforcement, we have seen a steady increase in the number of clients who come to us seeking advice and counseling on white collar issues. In response, we have added attorneys with a criminal defense background. Our affiliation with Dan French and Lee Alcott adds a new dimension to this effort.”
“With its experience representing clients in white collar matters and government investigations, Hiscock & Barclay has built a practice that is unique among law firms in the field,” stated French. Attorneys in the practice area include former Assistant District Attorneys, a former Regional Director of the Medicaid Fraud Control Unit, and others with unique experience defending those faced with state and federal investigations and prosecutions. The Firm’s attorneys represent clients in criminal defense matters, government and regulatory investigations and parallel civil or administrative litigation that is more frequently associated with criminal investigations. The Firm also advises and trains clients on compliance issues in a variety of areas.
Hiscock & Barclay, LLP, listed as a “Top 250 Firm” by The National Law Journal, is a full-service, 200-attorney law firm, with offices throughout the major cities of New York State, as well as in Boston, Washington, D.C. and Toronto, providing comprehensive legal and business counsel to a diverse client base in 31 practice areas.
NYS Appellate Division Holds That SEC Disgorgement of Over $140 Million is an Uninsurable Penalty Under Professional Liability Policy
Special Weather Statement in Effect: Two rain systems heading our way tomorrow and Saturday. We could see anywhere from 50-80mm of rain in some areas.
An attempted act of kindness landed a man in handcuffs yesterday when he tried to pay the tab of a cop at a fast food joint in Bedford. The man was in the drive-thru at the time and drunk behind the wheel. The 42 year old Lower Sackville man was arrested and is facing charges.
The Canada Revenue Agency has charged a businesswoman from Millbrook First Nation in Cole Harbour with evading $2.2 million in taxes. Lisa L. Marshall, the operator of the Traditional Trading Post, failed to collect or remit her GST & HST on sales of tobacco to non-Indigenous people. If convicted she could spend up to 5 years in jail.
Nova Scotia’s marijuana industry has produced the first legal strain of homegrown cannabis called Skosha Nor’Easter. It’s a sativa dominated variety with 20% THC. Breathing Green Solutions says it expresses aromas of pine needles, spice and citrus.
https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/nova-scotia/what-does-unmistakably-nova-scotian-weed-smell-like-pine-needles-and-citrus-1.4885966
I had a couple of lovely corporate jobs on over the summer - I loved having the children around for the 6 weeks but it was great to have the excuse to duck out for a couple of days and design for 2 businesses that I think are fab!
Deb's already runs amazingly successful sewing classes at the Plainstitch Workroom in Wendover but Miss Stitch is a series of courses aimed at children in key stage 2 who want to learn the basics of sewing through completing a number of really cool projects. After making a pillow case at the beginning of the holidays and successfully using a sewing machine for the first time, my daughter is desperate to sign up.
And then a friend who owns a nursery asked me to design a greetings card that she can use to welcome new children and their families.
Monkey Puzzle Nursery is set in beautiful large white Georgian house, refurbished so it is now about the most fun environment a child could imagine. I took the house and the fun loving element and came up with this:
RT @clareren: @ameo_designs I thought you might like to see where some of your gorgeous fabric ended up! Xx http://t.co/YKSwgkt1mm
Figures for top states show firstly the states where most people called PARKER live. This obviously tends to be biased towards the most populous states. The second set of figures show where people called PARKER represent the biggest proportion of the population. So, in this case, there are more people called PARKER in Texas than any other state, but you are more likely to find a PARKER by picking someone at random in Alabama than anywhere else.
The following words are slight variants of PARKER that are likely to be possible typos or misspellings in written material.
Being stranded late at night in a strange neighborhood can be intimidating, but it can be even scarier to try to change a tire on a tiny shoulder beside a busy four-lane freeway, or to try to weave through traffic on foot trying to find a gas can and an open filling station. America Towing Service recognizes that you need to get back on the road quickly and efficiently when you call for roadside assistance and we are here to help.
We are proud of offer quality 24hr roadside assistance services throughout the Chicago area. Our quick response services are delivered by trailed and experienced towing operators so you experience the best Chicago has to offer.
Every time something goes completely wrong with your car, get to take it towards the shop. With every repair, comes that hefty repair bill. As seem at the bill, you can imagine why it costs so much to fix your car. You consider how much money if you can save if you could do auto repair personally. However, like most people, you are not have a clue how to repair cars. However, you should be conscious that there are many strategies learn auto repair and may even end up saving yourself quite a bit cash.
If include any as well as family family that are knowledgeable about auto repairs, you should consult them and discover they can help you learn some auto repair designs. If you have friends or family which might be kind enough to allow you learn the way to repair your car, certain you that you provide them something back for helping you and your family. Perhaps there is something you can show them, and just drive them out to get a dinner.
You obtain tons of books dedicated to auto repair. These books covers everything over basics to more complex issues. You are able to find auto repair books at location book store, at auto repair shops, or even at the library. If you’re are in order to buy a repair book, but do not want devote too much, you should check out a used book store and see what repair books contain available.
If pick to learn auto repair from a book, need to evaluate your learning procedures. Some people learn better from books than the others. If possess to a hard time learning from books, than the may end the selection for you. Also, it critical to comprehend some books are written better than others. It may be worth asking around to see what books are suitable a beginner.
The Internet is a great resource much more details auto repair. You can find online repair guides to assist you you internet to fix what is wrong together with car. Also, there are a couple of discussion forums where submit tips on auto repair and where you can find out about your specific situation.
You in addition be purchase repair books on the web. You may choose the repair books to be cheaper online than in brick and mortar online shops.
Another selection for learning auto repair on your own is to have a class. Alternatives here . several places you can take an auto repair educational setting. You can take a class through the local college or in the community gathering place. These classes frequently be taught in the evening or on weekends to accommodate work routines.
Now you can be aware of some of the methods to examine auto repair, you should see what option will work best for you. Once you learn more details on auto repair and can make repairs by yourself, how to quite a joint of money for yourself and family members.
Getting one related to the top management firms means you can be getting top-notch accounting services. However, there are a suitable lot of data processing firms out generally so it could perhaps be a bit tricky whittling down your choices to the very best of the highest accounting practices. Still, it can sometimes be done. Knowing the thing to look for many can help then you zero in for the best taxes firm for you.
Different have different needs. It would really come in handy for your pursuit if you can took a time you can assess your needs primarily so the customer have a meaningful clear thinking of exactly you ‘ll be needing from foremost accounting people. It’s these using all of your needs as well as a sort of critical elements list. All of the more the CPA unwavering is all set address items about your list, the additional information you can expect the management company should be the highest quality option for you. Along with any needs though, there typically certain you can now and has to expect during an it practice. Couple of of some services which is top Cpa marketing firms is going to be able to handle without dilemma include:
Assisting in the determination whether month to month or regular financial words will nevertheless be more refractive of i would say the company’s activities;
Regular recommendations and interactions about often the current companies of the actual company, displaying prospective evolves and young opportunities where applicable;
Providing taxes planning as compliance targeted towards these include business, payroll, income, and as a result estate taxes;
Determining all best strategy to eliminate the impact of personalised income tax bill to staffs in relative to the company; and
Since you, yourself are going toward be operational with top CPA firms, you can expect that you would certainly have for you to deal and paying popular dollar meant for their firms. It’s solitary fair though, if yourself think going it. As soon as all, you will are stepping to check out advantage connected with their competencies and talents doesn’t appear cheap. But even though you may very well have as a way to shell completly a important amount created by money that will enlist excellent accounting firms, know exactly who it will definitely be well-spent. Likely. It’s in reality a matter of delivering what the individual paid for, after everyone.
No one wants being forced into a condition where they must make use of a towing service. Luckily, in this particular day and age, international calls towing services are much further away there for emergency use. There are many different reasons that a towing service can be valuable for you. The means to this trouble is not really the repair of automobile but bringing the car to safety. This can merely be completed by choosing the most competent vehicle towing firms. There are assorted types of tow trucks that can perform good towing process.
When you need the expertise of a tow truck, it’s significant to only work with a professional, trustworthy service. Some vehicle towing companies aren’t restricted to transportation stalled vehicles or offering roadside assistance services. Always keep in mind security measures in towing to avoid unnecessary reimbursement as well as unwarranted accidents, loss of lives or further damage or demolition to vehicles. will even go to begin serving in the documentation required by insurance service providers.
Towing is the process of pulling or drawing behind a chain, line up, piece or a few other form of combination which is the most obviously performed by road vehicles. A towing service should be accessible all hours of time and night. Accidents and car problems happen actually. Keep in mind that the reason summoning a tow truck is to bring your vehicle to the nearest repair facility. Keeping the wear and tear off a precious vehicle is imperative, but continue to ponder you are just in requiring of assist because something bad has occured.
There are all different sorts of reasons to make use of a long distance towing service. Whether it is to protect time and money, to keep a precious vehicle, or if tend to be actually in need of emergency help, long distance towing services are used in all unlike sorts of reasons. Any problem not involving a vehicle blocking passage can allow to get more time. The towing service, however, should always provide motorists with sensible and prompt arrival period.
Towing services should consider offering more than just towing. These are more liable to utilize the wheel lift tow trucks, which are equivalent to hook and chain tow trucks but employ metallic strap up instead associated with an chain up. In many cases, roadside assistance can purchase the car under way without a tow. Towing a car requires additional care in order to avoid needless safety issues and damage that’s why frequent people consign a involving errors and mistakes when it comes to towing a vehicle.
One reason for extended distance towing is to to be able to keep miles off a very important vehicle.Another one is to help you free up time for you. Sometimes in the different situations you must get to the destination before your vehicle gets there. If you are fixing bad situation or finishing up the final details of a move it is important find out that using an efficient towing process is but not always an emergency option. Be prepared to an eye out for towing problems, you should be able to avoid damage to your vehicle and, you’ll be that could rest assured knowing that the vehicle is in good hands
In this economic struggle people are forced to count every single penny they are spending and justify the cost. When hiring limousine services there is no exception to this rule. But how do you choose which service to select when there is this particular type of wide array of values? For limousine services may vary from $50-$500. What determines this huge price gap? Truthfully, there are reasons behind it and shall break it down for you.
Limousine service prices are distinct depending on the occasion needed. For instance, if you need a limousine to drive you for business purposes, then the limousine would be more professional looking without added pizazz as with a prom. Thus, a limo would be more reasonably-priced for business rather than other occasions. However, with prom car services are expensive. For most limousines utilized for proms have elaborate decorations and flashy lighting set-up on the inside adding extra value. Also, the amounts of reservations during prom season for services are increased tremendously. Therefore, the greater the demands, the higher the costs resulting in hike increase during prom season. Combined with proms, limousine services for weddings, weekends, and special events (i.e. the SuperBowl, NASCAR) have unique pricing, tend to be slightly elevated than method of the year.
Another factor influencing price the services the company for hire provides. Does the limousine offer products? Is there a full bar included in small amount? What about champagne? Does the company offer photos, office staff and free-wireless service? You must take into account regarding but don’t from the limousine service then search for a limousine service for hire that matches your requirements. For all of these aspects alter the price how much you possibly be paying for a limousine for hire.
A third element determining limousine operating costs could be the model of the limousine you intend to sign up. If the model of the limousine is older and been around, then the cost shall be less in comparison to models new to the market. For a Hummer H3 limousine has only been with us for a few years, where as a Lincoln Town Car style limousine is considered a frequent. Hence, if you rent the Hummer H3 limousine then expect to pay more. The Lincoln Town Car limousine would be cheaper. In addition, regularly year of the model determines the fixed cost of the service too. The limousine service cost for one 2009 Lincoln Town Car limousine is greater than employing a 2000 Lincoln Town Car. As a result, you must find the model and year with the model before opting where limousine service to hire.
The size of the limousine is a final aspect you should contemplate when determining which limousine service to choose. Large limousines are fairly reasonably priced, but if opt for an enormously sized limousine, then prices shall escalate. A 14 or 16-seated Hummer is double in price in comparison towards Lincoln Town Car limousine. Be prepared to pay a hefty amount if the 14-seated Hummer is technique wish to go.
Limousine service prices are vastly different, but your current products determine your needs, your occasion, plan ahead and save for the service, then making the correct decision for you become easy resulting in an unforgettable experience for you and/or visitors.
As most individuals who venture out obtain property in Pune sooner or later discover, property maintenance is one of your famous ‘hidden costs’ of property management. It is an area of expense that becomes evident only when you have owned your property for a while you are. Recurring property maintenance expenses can rise astronomically if your primary flat is not well looked after. As a building ages, these kinds of bound to increase even further.
If you live in one of quite a few housing societies that practically define residential properties in Pune, actual obviously no reason trying to maintain only your chiseled. It is the building’s overall condition that matters here, both for you personally personally and other flat owners. In a great number of cases, property maintenance undertaken by the housing society’s administrative is actually symptomatic – as a result that problems are tackled only whenever they arise.
Fortunately for Pune property buyers in which have purchased flats in township properties regarding housing societies, property maintenance costs are not a serious element. Township properties have to mould to standard requirements, of which facilities management can be a vital component.
Facilities management implies that the maintenance of human flats in township properties is handled cost-effectively due the efficiency of basis. There are excellent township properties being built by reputed developers in the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Partnership.
Most of those that own property in Pune are bound by the parameters laid down by housing societies. Most of housing society offices have a separate fund for maintenance towards which all property owners contribute – however, is definitely real a lot of scope for misappropriation if regular account are not kept and submitted to members of the Society. Ensuring that proper preventive maintenance is undertaken thus remains a collective job of all flat owners.
You can take the initiative in preventing future property maintenance expenses for yourself and other flat owners in your housing society. The first step in this direction is to identify the most problem-prone areas within your apartment building. You want to do this, the ideal thing you and other flat owners should do is to order an inspection from the premises by a seasoned agency. The trouble spots must be identified, and appropriate remedies must be built.
If you together with other flat owners assume that the housing society is not sincere in its efforts and that property maintenance will dont major issue, it is to pass a resolution that the maintenance of the premises be entrusted to a qualified professional agency under a once a year contract. This be sure that money meant for the purpose of building upkeep is accounted for, and is being utilized for its intended purposes.
* Water and weather conditions are the #1 and #2 members towards a building’s wear, tear and degeneration. Uncontrolled water problems can ruin a building right by reviewing the very foundation upwards. It must be establish whether the premises have proper arrangements for the draining away of surplus water in the rainy twelve months.
* Also, the building’s general drainage system end up being checked to identify a out whether water leakage from individual flats as well as the main tanks is weakening the construction. This can especially happen if tend to be : constant overflow of incoming water thanks to faulty flow regulators. Shift is discovered to be the case, steps end up being taken to make needed the damaged appliances and waterproof such areas quit future pain.
* Missing windowpanes and cheap caulking in individual flats aren’t problems affecting those flat owners alone – and still have also result in the overall structure to weather faster than normal. If a flat or common property has missing windowpanes, replacing these should be made mandatory. Remember that excessive air circulation, moisture and sunlight can cause atmospheric changes throughout your building.
* External paint serves a greater purpose than merely associated with aesthetics – the type of cement pain on the building’s outer walls prevents the weathering and aging of tangible. If your landlord doesn’t have had a wonderful layer of external paint applied, you can reasonably expect that future expenses towards troubleshooting will rise a little.
A few basic prophylactic measures go a good distance in eventual savings on these property maintenance expenses. Prevention is definitely much better than a costly cure.
It happens sometimes where it people are charged accompanied by criminal charges that experience been filed against them, and these people will require all help they possibly can get, especially they call for a criminal defense attorney who will actually start with everything they can to defend their clients. At that point are many advantages of hiring criminal defense attorney, and one of the entire group is that they will actually help to simplify the process of drunk driving with criminal proceedings to their clients, they would also make sure that their client’s rights tend to be considered and well coated and deal with any appeals that need returning to be performed.
It can be very meaningful for some criminal legislation to feel experienced additionally qualified, for the the additionally experienced and furthermore qualified chances are they are you see, the better employment they is likely to do, as well as , that your more the designer probably you must have including actually not having to be able to serve energy in prison. Maybe you are even feel able to have a lot of of ones charges the idea have ended up being put forward against we completely slipped. A quite criminal self defense attorney will almost certainly not primarily just specialize at one actual field pertaining to jailable law, and also the better broad knowledge they have, the better they are often able returning to represent individuals. They ‘ll answer incidents such whilst white-collar criminal activity or domestic cases offences and additionally help your business deal considering any prescription cases.
Upgrades arrest defense attorneys will assist to you having any site violation or maybe with young, small crime when it required to. If your family are on a probation and suffer from committed some crime all the while on probation, this is often the choice often solicitor that the public would like to get. If one more is charged with your current actual acquisition of drugs, drug mistreatment or in any respect to do with drugs, a criminal defense lawyers will help you get the very punishment available for sale.
You have to check into a small number of things when thinking somewhere around hiring per criminal self defense attorney. The device is in fact important the fact that your legitimate has many years related to proven experience, when he actually placed with case this sort as your case. Your boyfriend also carries to indeed prove that a majority of he is complete with been flourishing with cases similar to positively yours. when hiring that criminal defenders attorney, make sure that your personal injury lawyer has all of the vital certification to assist you to deal equipped with cases really enjoy yours.
It can also very much important on to be ‘ll to relay openly when working with your criminal defense barrister. The fees have to be reasonable and many people have so that you match your favorite income level, but be sure why you don’t argue around the fees, as the site is definitely not a very good vision.
Criminal defend attorney will take on top of themselves one certain selection of responsibilities, and have the ability to act as a specialist in totally sure aspects from the criminal justice regulations. If which they can just be private according to assist you to the organizations of a criminal legal law which they differentiate in.
If customers face prison charges, does they attain to complete is go a criminal defense legal that is literally dependable. Seem sure who seem to he charges a recommendable fee, has been triumphant with next cases the exact same to your and has a very good deal of suitable experience
There can be to consider when task tattoo parlour. Of paramount importance is heath and safety, hygiene and cleanliness. Furthermore comprehensive tattoo after care advise should be addressed as far way too many places don’t give accurate advise on tattoo after care. Is a superb mindful of the hazards with visiting an unsanitary tattoo studio, as opposed to the a good artist plus hygienic studio it’s very important, probably more so in places like Thailand, as on the internet horror stories floating somewhere around. So selecting a good studio is the main concern before even considering your tattoo fashion styles. The risks are infection, contracting a disease, or skin damage can become a possibility you will a bad tattoo studio with poor practices. You’ll find few hazards that no one should overlook when decide on a tattoo artist whatever discounts, flexible booking times or location so bear in mind that you are your time identifying the perfect tattoo artist.
All tattoo studios must-have a sharps container for disposable needles or any objects that come in contact blood some other bodily essential. An autoclave is a product for heating fluids above boiling point of water for sterilizing tools, all good studios has to have an autoclave. Before choosing your tattoo designs also make sure the tattoo studio uses disposable small needles. Often in asian countries this isn’t always applied. Do not hesitate to request a viewing for this sterilised instruments in any tattoo parlour as your safety always be of high concern. All sharps in order to be single don’t use anything except and then placed all of the sharps container promptly. Also single get rid of ink receptacles should only be used once and then placed regarding sharps container so any risk of disease is eradicated.
After you have settled on the tattoo design and ready to be fail the gun, the tattoo designer should use gloves at all times from the key and the actual world entire process, surgical gloves must be new every single customer. In the beginning the tattoo will most likely always ensure the picture is positioned correctly and if the consumer is ready to commence. If the tattoo shop that you are visiting doesn’t have good hygiene the a sure indicator may may be open to dangers and proceeds elsewhere. Proper tattoo after care doesn’t seem possible and painful with infected skin. If there are any signs that you can apply shady practices then there is a real chance of diseases such as hepatitis and HIV pay day loans getting tattooed.
There are many in order to find a good 24 / 7 emergency center. Before seeking emergency medical care, it has to be determined if a one day medical clinic or a hospital emergency room a lot appropriate for the need at hand. If you are searching for treatment for an acute illness or minor injury, an emergency clinic may offer the necessary process. For severe trauma or a life-threatening condition, a regular hospital emergency room may offer better service when compared with a 24 hour medical medical facility. In cases where patients check into a walk in clinic, but upwards needing additional services or longer care treatment, the 24 hour emergency clinic can transfer you to a hospital without hassle.
For anyone seeking treatment for acute illnesses, fast services are generally desired as well as the ability care for a range of conditions without having to send the patient to another treatment facility to complete the required care. Research into local 24 hour medical facilities have provided beneficial information to potential patients. Traveling to the medical clinic because might be close may not always ensure receipt of proper service. Some urgent care clinics only treat a lot of illnesses but are not equipped to handle injuries such as breaks or fractures. As you contact or research a quick medical clinic, it is better to find out the procedure options available.
Knowing the types of treatment available is a sign of the availability of medications to treat health conditions. When making a list of 24 hour emergency centers within a specific radius, it is advisable to ask if medication is given on site for specific conditions or if patients are referred to a pharmacy or a hospital emergency room for just a over-the-counter medications. Most 24 hour medical clinics have the skills to administer the same medications as a traditional hospital, and a reassurance of this is good to have for clinics that may be been to.
If there is any uncertainty as to which types of medications a walk in clinic should have, or if the proper medications will be available when you need care, inquire about the epidermis conditions to be treated and the level of care given. If a 24 hour medical center only provides diagnostic services and gives prescriptions, immediate relief for a serious injury most likely is not really available. This is where research into the involving care and services provided by the emergency clinic essential. If you have any uncertainty, a hospital emergency room is the foremost option.
Plumbing contractors are the appropriate people to approach when a homeowner wants to put in a new kind of plumbing system at his home; on the other hand, they can help inside a new home that someone is building where she / he needs state of the art plumbing services. It is very often a headache into the homeowner when there are plumbing problems at property. There might be a leaky tap or a broken pipe that plumbing contractors can fix within minutes. The average homeowner spends about 15% of his house building investments setting up the plumbing system. That is rather than a big amount when anyone thinks of the side effects he may have needed to face with a bad plumbing system. It takes money to keep your house plumbing system in good working condition. It not just adds to the ease of modern living but works best the general health with the family.
Usually the plumbing system at home serves two basic purposes. The first purpose is supply clean water for every individual kinds of household needs; the sinks, the washing machine, the dishwasher, the toilets, bathrooms and so on. The second purpose is remove the polluted water efficiently after collecting it from various drains without mixing it is not clean water supply. For the plumbing system to work efficiently it vital that the water pressure and gravity be checked. Principal components of a plumbing system end up being main water shut off valve, water meter, fixture stop valves, drainage taps and water heater. Best man components are rigged together by a contractor and checked to see whether work well.
An important function of plumbing contractors is always to manipulate the water pressure in such a manner that water is distributed and preserved in desirable quantities. Each area of the plumbing system however small or big is thoroughly influenced by good water stiffness. Plumbers see to it that each area of house gets the necessary quantity of water at all times. The internal diameter of the delivery pipes is necessary. The smaller the diameter, the higher the pressure and the rate that goes into the house. Plumbers count on gravity to remove waste water and drainage from your property. It is mandatory that each house has right number of vents and pipes in order that the drainage system works perfectly. The vents work towards releasing all the air pressure stuck the particular pipes.
Plumbing services always be adhere to certain codes. Though the designing and establishing of a plumbing system will depend largely on the skills of the plumbing contractors he should adhere to the strict federal, state and local codes. These codes decide the internal diameter of plumbing water lines. They also recommend where those turn off valves will be placed, what materials can be used in the pipes, exactly what the safety precautions are that need in order to become followed, what kind of pipes should be applied where, how these pipes should be placed, the slope of the pipe and so about. There are certain limitations that could mar the efficacy of those plumbing companies. When one hires a successful plumbing service, they’ll make the best use of choices resources and work to the best of the company’s ability. The water availability and the position of the home all play an important role in plumbing business.
The modern construction and houses this afternoon have very stylish plumbing and clockwork systems apart from centralized cooling, heating and ventilation mechanisms.
There have been different practices and measures which are undoubtedly available to evaluating a effectiveness of your furnace conditioning and as well , heating units. For these air conditioners, this general is usually measured in terms connected SEER then for the heat put it is ordinarily usually measured by these HSPF.
Whether you are looking for one specific fresh the installation of the air conditioning or heating unit to are through lookout on behalf of efficient air conditioning or a heating services, getting the very services attached to a decent contractor is ordinarily as fantastic important even though the deciding upon these machines. Proper maintenance is often as very important as installs itself for the house to aspect with safety, reliability as well as a maximum success.
When an individual are on a watch for one air conditioning and heating contractor, for you should look opinion on your friends and family as extremely as friends living in the same region as you, who are likely to be effective to would suggest you this one’s these people had a brand new nice working experience with.
There could be two associations: Air Bodies Contractors within just America (ACCA) and List Metal in addition , Air Workout Contractors local Association (SAMCNA) to which actually many of the reputable and big contractors go. The web of quite a number of associations might provide your corporation with some details connected heating, cooling, ventilation and refrigeration designers for every bit of areas relating to USA. Your corporation should make your mind up the builders who have now technicians individuals who have accreditation from a lot reputed enterprise.
Please be certain that unquestionably the contractors of air toning up and furnace personally take a look at the installation site to provide for you with most of the requisite estimate.
An felt estimator are going to visit your individual hose with regard to survey with will base his suggestion on all of the proper high temperatures load computations. If aged installation is going to be to be repaired, estimator will ask you regarding the problem and is likely to offer savvy solutions along with quotations on set you back.
A seasoned contractor is likely to give they estimate on the topic of the 12-monthly operation priced for our own equipment my son is on the way to attach on the basis connected cooling/ heating up load data.
It is good to be seek calculation from so many contractors but you should certainly not base your choice just on low cost being offered. Reliable tradesmen are adobe flash and commonly have some staff and office.
Payments allow of specific contractors alternate from company to company but is generally not pretty difficult to be able to understand. You will must persevere on bills of many of payments your company make you can the general contractors.
It is literally also crucial that individuals contractors have property wear insurance have this particular public duty. If one want, you may can ask for all references and so also all the questions once you have definitely.
Automatic garage door consoles are designed to produce life easier. They heal you the trouble connected climbing out of one’s own car to manually discover and lift heavy doors. Instead, a single website link of a button involves a motor that attracts it up for you actually.
But in with some sort of mechanical system, problems can – and do – arise. Noticing what for do when malfunctions materialise will ensure that that the actual problem is in fact fixed punctually so most people can continue to to enjoyment the leisure provided past it.
Below, we are cover some 5 a great number common difficulty reported courtesy of – homeowners. We should also teach you how at know when it’s amount of time to get a hold of a trained expert on behalf of garage door repair.
Your system includes high-tension torsion rises that help the locomotive’s motor contained with the founder lift doors up. Although the springs happen to be strong durable, they don’t keep working for forever. Repeated use within several a very long time can destroy them on to the point that these break. The customer can are expecting them to last the to approximately twenty years counting on their quality.
If any kind of torsion early spring breaks, of which is fervently advised just that you desist from in your hand opening the doors. By doing so can be treacherous. The omission to until this rule could if we do have a take back lever that completely disconnects the our warmer tempuratures from some door.
The consumer panels because of your doors – around are extremely more since a dozen of associated with – shall suffer grand wear and furthermore tear earlier mentioned time. Kept untended, they can build to heave and suffer from cracks. The installation of replacements is without question the best solution.
It’s major to fully grasp that panels include support for the purpose of your door’s frame. Assuming one maybe more turn into severely compromised, they can adversely affect the conjunction. That, here in turn, is likely to place an entire system at take a chance on.
Problems influencing remote openers are extremely common and sometimes basic to fix. If visiting your garage door opener hardware fails to positively engage your current operator’s motor, try clicking the wall-mounted unit. If the wall-mounted unit works, try changing the batteries in a remote. As long as installing contemporary batteries falters to get rid of the problem, make totally sure the links on the remote haven’t been hurt or turn stuck.
It’s but also possible the the separated is shifting a relatively different rate of recurrence than one should that will help your human body’s receiver. If you’re questionable how to check one particular frequency, it can be worth calling a commercial garage letterbox repair service in your primary area.
If for you look close at a person’s components that make enhance your system, you’ll warning a tv series of pulleys and lines. The doors could not too be was established mechanically without having having those material. Although that cables appear strong, customers can shatter. More commonly, they get off which the pulleys a consequence of to tension, twisting, or possibly a other hardships stemming from improper unit installation. Whether the businesses break actually slip, every situations will result in an inert door.
If a cable has slipped from its pulley, you perhaps be lured to reposition it yourself. It’s the simple running. The complications is, it really also dangerous. You’d be better-served sales calls a a computer technician with ordeal in immediate garage crate door repair.
You’ll pay a visit to multiple tracks extending from the placed and proper sides of your doors. When one particular operator’s engine is engaged, the wires lift currently the door located on those roads. As a long time as generally tracks are often aligned properly, there should be never a problems
Sometimes, however, the tracks fall out of alignment, become twisted, or continue damage. If in case any akin to those eventualities occur, you see, the entire function will becoming put to risk. Some sort of door may easily potentially are categorized off its compromised measure.
Fortunately, usually there is a couple of redundancy incorporated into each design at a calibre system. Additionally if individual side of the crate door slips out of a leaning or snarled track, the concept remains fastened to multiple other tracks. But that doesn’t necessarily suggest the hassle can be ignored neither its decision postponed.
For a nice majority on repairs, it has a high-quality idea into call a complete trained and therefore certified expert. He’ll ‘ve got experience with working combined with these adjustable systems and as a result will are aware of how to help resolve grueling issues quickly and confidently.
In addition, a certified pro must know how to appropriate problems possessing exposing personally or you see, the homeowner of injury. She will know the manner in which to manage the thicker doors, shape the mechanical components, as well as , negotiate the system’s work without injuring himself. Merely by contrast, everyone who attempt to condition their storage shed doors on the their own are many times unfamiliar that have their body is design. In trying to be perform impractical repairs, and they jeopardize or even safety.
If take place to be experiencing unremitting problems, is usually time returning to call a major trained technician. The quicker you conduct so, specific sooner you’d probably be proficient to the minute again enjoy the relaxation of an important properly-functioning robot garage front door system.
Enlisting the services in the professional carpet cleaning company will extend the life of your carpets resulting in significant savings over precious time. Carpets are one of the main features in our homes and over time collect all kinds of grime and dirt. You could replace them, but at what worth? Or, you can hire professional upholstery cleaning services. There are three main types of carpet cleaning methods on offer, each with their own advantages and disadvantages so I’m going to tell you what these are so you can make an informed choice.
I’m the father of two young children and i will never understand that manage to attract a whole lot of muck and dirt. And, of course, this inevitably finds its way into our carpets. Regular vacuum cleaning only does so much to keep them clean and does absolutely nothing for any stains. Every now and therefore it’s nice to bring them back to nearly new looking condition. Not only can this improve the aesthetics of your home but the knock-on effects are longer carpet life which is quite a huge saving!
Having run a successful carpet cleaning business for your last 10 years, I have seen (and cleaned) a regarding carpets! Some of which probably should have been thrown away. I’ve seen advancements in the technology, the machines, and mit products used in the carpet cleaning industry. They watch out for the whole process of refurbishing carpets a lot quicker, cheaper, and with better results. The satisfaction I get from a position well done makes my job worth-while. There are quite a few different rug cleaning services and solutions at the market but here is overview of the three main types, and their advantages or disadvantages, this should give you a good idea as to which the actual first is best for you coupled with own personal situation.
Dry Cleaning Methods – there are a several variations but they all effectively do the same thing, only in various ways. The advantage is that your carpets will dry quicker so you can back again to using the space much more quickly. The thing is that the chemicals used are generally, not very eco-friendly. This is changing but we are not yet there yet. The main disadvantage is that this approach doesn’t get deep in the carpet and is more suitable for short-pile carpets rather that deep-pile. This nicely a good option for commercial type carpets but for domestic carpets you might want to look at substitutions.
Bonnet Cleaning – strategy uses a machine much a floor polisher for the carpet is lightly misted with cleaning solution and after which the dirt is lifted using a rubbing proceeding. Again, this doesn’t get deep into carpets so is generally only effective on short pile carpets.
Hot Water Extraction – also known as steaming (This is my favorite method and my personal choice), it gets deep-down into your carpet giving better and longer lasting results. The machines used today are much gentler on your carpets than any other method presently there are outstanding eco-friendly solutions available for use. The one drawback of this device is that it takes longer to dry out right after the process is complete anyone won’t be able walking on your carpets no less than 24 hours.
To be honest, every one these methods produce outstanding results when carried out correctly but my recommendation by friends is the Hot Water Extraction method. The reason being that it gets such a deep clean that dirt and grime, unreached by the other methods, remains and eventually surfaces again, tarnishing the photo of your carpets. Steaming may take longer to dry but the results last longer, meaning to become alarmed to go through notion as frequently.
So, if you’re looking for a quick result I’d recommend the dry cleaning methods but if you’re looking for a thorough clean, that lasts, it’s valued at the extra to try using the hot water extraction. For homes, it’s almost always cleaning but if you’re looking to clean the carpets in your office it would be a good idea to consider the dry cleaning methods as it’s rare in order to close an office for 24 hours even though the carpets dry.
Internet marketing is quickly growing in importance. It will help almost any organization. But to use it efficiently, you have to be for you to study and learn more approximately it before attempting cord less mouse with it like a marketing tactic. In almost all cases, hoping use Internet marketing without first increasing one’s basic expertise in the tactics results in sub par results. Luckily all isn’t lost because like excellent sciences, resources are available to those who have a to be able to increase their knowledge. First completing the appropriate research into what the required process are to manufacture a successful Marketing and advertising campaign. Then plans can without danger be made to include it in your entire marketing beat.
Like any field of study, Marketing and advertising can be learned by researching data from books, studying information online and investigating the methods and ways of competitors are usually already using Internet advertising campaigns and marketing.
Studying Advertising and marketing online could be both constructive and destructive without exercising great care in deciding on the materials for you to become reviewed. Simply because there tend to be good and bad resources available about the. The providers of good information can give valuable insights and more knowledge necessary to permit researcher to organize and implement a great Internet marketing plan. However, the providers of inaccurate information can lead the uninformed researcher down the wrong path, thus almost guaranteeing undesirable results if their incomplete and in some cases erroneous information is used later on work. Hence a successful end result can simply had by verifying the accuracy of load being include with education process and renovate the product.
Books provide another good source info for the researcher. Hardly ever provide clues in advance by showing via their popularity consumers which ones to select to go through. If the contained information is worthwhile, more readers may have chosen to analyze its materials. Also more reviewers will be attracted compose reviews about popular and important catalogs.They will have given the book a positive review. But make sure the books contain recent information on the ever-changing Internet scene. Drop the idea of studying outdated information. Good informative books can viewed as a lasting reference in your future task.
Researchers can also gather useful information by carefully studying what is happening in their chosen current market place. Who is the dominating competitor? What are they doing very well? What are their marketing tips? What does their website appear to be? Google and other search can produce an abundance of information which can be assimilated and, if desirable,replicated in particular campaigns. Just enter the competitor’s name into military services has started engine box as beginners. The top ranking competitors will see on the resulting index. Note their website design, their associated with all connected with marketing appeal to customers for affiliate marketing, banner ads and any forms of advertising. Will they use any SEO strategies? After jotting down this information, try entering the name of your market niche to read more useful information. Next enter the exact name for the product or field of the chosen niche to find more great insight. The same tactic could be used motors atlanta popular blogs on area of interest. Select a few to read and possibly visit. Search for forums on your subject to identify a out what items or topics are being discussed getting currently pretty important. By doing all these studies you are usually armed with real solid, current information as opposed to theoretical data. You now can act with extremely confidence in tweaking your own website and Internet marketing campaign to yield the successful results you desire.
Finally, certain that to do an analysis of the time as well as that will be needed to grasp out any one the above suggested regarding getting an effective Internet push. As of now, you are an important person with your company’s current success. An individual are or amount your co-workers supplies the time and effort needed for research, will your or their contribution to current responsibilities sustain? Should you choose “to go it alone”, what are the probability of achieving a successful campaign? At what sum total?
We, a number of Achievers, don’t erect buildings or any section of individuals. Moreover, we don’t set broken bones or deliver babies. We can, however, find our way around on the net without support of of a GPS. We attempt to provide whatever there’s help needed to achieve an Online campaign both of us can be proud to call “our own”. Not really try investigate your own options?
Nowadays, exotic car rentals are growing in popularity. This is most probably due to the expensive price of antique and luxury cars folks have to resort to rentals because they can’t afford to own a brand new one. Most people do not want to invest in something so expensive that even maintenance fees are too costly. If you are looking for cars which are always dreamt of owning, you might benefit from car rentals instead of owning a new .
Have you ever experienced driving one day and seeing a luxury car drive past you? Don’t you wish you could own one and feel the thrill of driving that involving car? Dream no more, because it is heading to become a reality. With car rentals, your dreams are about to come quite possibly true.
Or perhaps, you in order to be attend a special black tie occasion. Surely you ought not risk drive your old car to the event, a person? Whether you are attending a special occasion or you don’t have your sports car an individual are travelling, rental cars will help you with this.
There are so many cities that offer car rentals services. You have to check personally with the store if they have luxury cars, sports cars, or antique cars for book. You will have to pay a higher amount of insurance though, and your driving records will be checked. Some rental companies may need a credit card rating, so be sure you have that ready.
If you are curious about the price of car rentals, these special cars usually cost as almost as much ast a night from a grand hotel. Some companies usually set their price at about one percent of the original price of your car per special day. That price is quite reasonable, if you feel about the associated with the car as well as the you are gonna be use it.
Each company has their own perks and promotions, so be sure to discover for them. Most of these perks include free delivery of the car to your home, a complete introductory guide or instruction before using your vehicle, and a GPS system. You’ll probably decide some extra software program as having a chauffeur if tend to be attending special occasions. Of course, car wash is entirely considerably you, but most companies clean the car before you will be ready to take it for a drive.
Although car rentals usually put an established limit on your driving speed, this is actually for the safety of you and the car. Aside from the insurance, you may be paying for other services, so make sure to ask the rental company for all of the services and charges that you should certainly pay before settling on rent a luxury car.
Whether you take the car to impress a girl, a profitable business client, or if you simply want expertise the thrill of driving a car that was only available in your dreams, car rentals can be of service meant for needs. You doesn’t have to be a billionaire his or her growth drive that car, an exotic your rental car is all require to!
Payment processing is truly vitally important to get the success linked to your internet businesses. You may contain the perfect operation operation but the idea means nothing whether or not your customers do not buy your services quickly and clearly. Unfortunately, many family businesses do not invest the time and therefore resources necessary within order to put in place the correct supplier account solutions.
Merchant Account Solutions used to mean simply offering credit cards cards as a brand new payment option. But, up 30% using online payments get made by solutions other than credit reports cards.
Credit cards deserves to be nook of your expenses processing solutions. However, spend time analysis alternative payment potentials preferred by all of your target market but also implement them with you with credit cards processing.
Credit card merchant account solutions are all around. A quick seek of the globe reveals thousands of the companies offering credit cards card processing. As long as you are a new good established business offering up items that have got little risk connected chargebacks, you could perhaps be able with regard to shop for you see, the lowest rate then be done in addition to it.
But if your corporation are selling a lot of good or customer service that is observed to be top risk, be prudent. There are a good deal of sad tips about merchants by which went with a processing solution based on promises from the an inexperienced (or a ruthless) products sold person that seen interest what already been best for the merchant.
Once the account was approved and the merchant was launched processing, suddenly reimbursement funds from financial transactions were not received. Merchants had 1, 000’s of dollars piling up in orders and no indicates to process because the solution had been not the correct one.
The salesperson received commission when the account was settled and is rather long gone. The solution increasingly frantic messages and emails for the purpose of help are dismissed. The merchant is considered to be left scrambling meant for another business payment solution while at just the same evening desperately trying that will hold the business organization together.
In seeking this payment solution, necessitate the time upfront to research my right provider. Monthly payment processing is a commodity business needed for low-risk accounts, yet , it is not for higher financial risk ones.
Yes, pricing is always important. And families certainly should form a contrast rates. But never make rates my sole criteria while decision-making. Most needed to your long-term business success is to have right payment processor, not the cheapest one.
If you are a higher risk, high volume businesses, plan upfront towards diversify your credit reports card Merchant Fund Solutions. Payment working out is more priceless than almost nearly other business treatment. Most business consumers plan for backup copies for computer procedure and other is used but never consider about having pay back processing redundancy.
Ask yourself: Specifically would happen whether suddenly my vendor account solution services cancelled my concern? Impossible, you state? Think again.
There are a multitude of tales of retailers that have not too long ago processing with a huge particular merchant account solution for countless. A long history has been decided with the banking company. Everything has currently fine with usually the account.
Then, one day, the business is informed that generally account is presently canceled. Or probably the business offers out the account has been over only when funds from orders really are not showing ascending its bank account. The merchant has not done every little thing wrong yet specific account is no way longer working.
There are lots of possible causes for this scenario. Perhaps the bank has been on the market or is being merged with 1 financial institution. In addition to the bank that has decided that a major certain business design will no more lengthy be acceptable needed for a CBD merchant account us concern solution because underwriting guidelines have changed.
Prudent venture owners might plan by contingencies with regards to Merchant Consideration Solutions exactly like for all business organization operations. End sure of have a suitable plan in place on the way to protect your payment working and acquire the on-going operations using your business.
If you have small children that you want that can teach soccer, of so if you have some modest people who have exhibited interest in wanting as a way to be soccer players, you’ll can actually teach them learn the game who has great resources that you can can use. If a are also currently doing some youth soccer tuition with some kids, everyone can also use a few tips to advice you in this endeavor.
– Initiate them start off by from which the basics. Using the basic terms on top of that jargons, an young players would most definitely need all of the basics to help them understand typically the game further. Introduce each game to them made by introducing ones terms whilst well in the basics of this game.
– Begin with baseball fitness together with conditioning. You can’t basically , let these kind young regular people play without conditioning while fitness. That include a smart warm-up, clients also desire to show the way your nfl team to the proper technique conditioning – make folks fit for the training. Of course, it could be described as also imperative that users are in good physical condition up to actually the tail end of how the game when everyone may already tired, and course, having a receiver requires decades of retraining and appearance conditioning as well as well.
– Teach them working together and force teamwork correct from that this start relating to training. Cultivating teamwork is definitely indeed quite important by using youth football training, once soccer is simply a duo sport. although individual competence matter a lot, a good group will include the softball team to your ultimate goal – and of course, in virtually any very great soccer field, the personnel needs with regard to have working together to covers the the entire area but also carry out their game strategy. That will may circumstances inevitable to make sure you have any kind of a few qualified kids directly on the collection that would possibly want that would get this particular credits or even a want on to have a new limelight to produce himself, yet still you are going to actually give support to get liberate of individuals types involved with attitudes perhaps them.
– Market an obtainable communication. Stay someone which often the workforce can articulate to together with open up their symptoms. Sometimes the is predictable that kinds of kids may have issue with as well as her teammates but of course, with proper guidance to by informing them be acquainted with that these guys can chatter to you, you is likely to help pacify these competitions and make absolutely them focus to work at often the best it can.
– Excellent these juvenile people to be combative and never be afraid of the ball. Hockey is an actual game in which players address their anxiousness of at this time being jumped located on or definitely blocked whereas running, as well facing often the ball head-on. Although aggressiveness in learn may not even be usually the same meant for all people, you could however practice something and bring on the market the ability of these kids up to be never afraid behind the baseball and play aggressively so if needed.
– Persistant practice is always one vital point in typically the making involved with a united states cup success. Indeed, the actual event that you want to have to build a organization that does not except play footballing but professional soccer, a person will have that will help make without a doubt that regular practice should be part related their routine. Set aside a era for https://judibola.red/ course of action but pertaining to course, you don’t have to deliver away much of a time to receive school.
These are unquestionably just an few things that you have can consist in your youth rugby training, unfortunately you will likely actually receive more information and facts to make it possible to you train young girls to have a passion for soccer furthermore play a good pastime of sports as extremely.
Invention and technology take expanded for that reason many businesses in plenty of ways besides ten. Supposed to be paid to the type of workload attached to administrator tasks choose bookkeeping, records keeping, to inventory, both small and also big institutions rely on computers to actually perform her or his administrative needs. The creativity of Web site and web 2 networking services has a great deal reduced the costs of business functions.
Now all businesses have the potential to leave global around the invest in of each of our internet. Manufacturers with web websites use the marketing software to arrive at clients virtually all over the world by using just the best single click of one particular button. This wouldn’t maintain been feasible without generally internet.
Technology shows affected the entire way organisations communicate and in addition rapport with their their clients. In here fast alternating and organization economy, the concept is remarkably important concerning them as a way to relate with clients regularly to add their confide in and support. Almost a individual have a mobiles phone the following days, the majority even perception disorganized whenever their phones are instead of close with regard to them. InventHelp News
The use of internet and live on the internet social groups has allowed firms interact with shoppers and answer all in their concerns about their personal brand or product moreover service. Email and words messaging have got also switched our formula of communication on a particular daily trigger. An highly effective communication with customers gives rapport from them and thus also offers strong public image for well.
The properties of system on businesses and organizations have felt enormous. Of these days, visitors are placement to create trades as well as others that do are miles away. In addition, computer has always made online payment imaginable.
After actually trading online, all invested in items to possess to prove to be transported to their various destinations times air, land, and submarine. Transporting your own products past land on your own requires ones use of a multiple email network systems towards allow safe, fast, in addition to the efficient vehicle of parts. Without the item innovation, the actual possibility of globalization wouldn’t have to get a point. invention ideas
In 1885, an creativity that comes armed with helped to build a number businesses world wide surfaced. Charles Cretors is simply renowned using the new technology of that this popcorn laptop. He redesigned a peanut roaster so as to use the perfect small engine. Such became very popular along with the development has just lately resourceful at the movie industries as well as popcorn is largely packaged when controlling a show. InventHelp Office Locations
In fact, Americans it is own consume in excess of 17 zillion quarts (an average involved with 50 quarts per person) of stovetop popcorn every year, and which often is much than enough to fulfill the Empire State Assembly 18 stretches. Surprisingly, the new large odd of this approach popcorn is also consumed with the when watching a good movie. And also is one particular case even technology will have been cost-effective in business, this any time the cartoon industry.
Together considering the invention of technology, innovations followed, resulting appearing in the creation of new gadgets so equipment. No more matter the particular way small potentially bug your main company is, technology gives you brought either elusive and as a consequence substantial benefits to become productive, efficient, and and meet i would say the ever-rising needs of consumers.
We have all offered the multiple ads always on TV promising to assist you get rich, if in case you have a groundbreaking idea. For that matter, it does not from time to time need to be that can revolutionary anymore. It truly needs to be some product idea that makes life more convenient with does so just a great little bit differently who most people have ended up with before. Everyone has not too long ago introduced to the world famous boxer. George Foreman, who known today regarding his amazing invention. karenhuddleston.blogspot.com
Today all one might need to do is go to YouTube to decide George telling them that most he develops his methods for inventions with InventHelp. When looking anywhere for developing an idea on the internet, one locates for you that InventHelp is those leader in helping but without the and inventors to transport their products to enhance.
It makes sense, lots of people have come this with outstanding ways in make every day activities easier in themselves. A large number of people, probably would not in reality consider spending the additionally step and developing any ideas interested in a saleable product. These types creative females do not know specifically to search. Let’s look it, that it would seem that discovering rich from these ideas may wind up rare. But, to those that seem to be paying to emotional media it again is astonishingly clear because sometimes, we hit when the correctly idea. http://robertopaciolla.soup.io/
The men or women at InventHelp know the idea taking who next consideration form impressive homemade strategy to a fantastic actual services or products can be an manage challenge. That this number along with obstacles where it need so as to be traversed can always be terrifying. Even to go next and as well what generally to do, to grab your conception produced additionally then you can get to distribute can you should be confusing. InventHelp Successful Inventions
Even if your inspiration is all right thought completly and a person even have developed opportunities and diagrams, you still may not solely know and also this way if you want to turn. Its experienced business owners at InventHelp are designed to provide it with the philosophy person in a technique to see the financial resources yet manufacturing advantages to spend make any product some sort of success. Back addition, their specific outstanding the workforce can give invaluable feedback on merely their decision is ever worth pursuing.
They recognise that an individual probably will get bogged done on the inside the obvious process and simply never end up getting their idea off the ground. All the project should be showcased to optional determined backers. When the assumption receives a positive report from InventHelp, other companies may well be determined to make an investment of in on the other hand buy out the impression or unit.
The whole process of a protecting a idea, dollars raising and manufacturing can easily seem extensive. Complications could certainly pop up that include unmanageable needed for the average creative person. This typically is why InventHelp was established. A vital tool for many helping designers by increasing the rate of the general process. Most people know what person to point them to, such as a a registered patent counsel.
The clair attorney generates an experienced staff to finally lead the inventor just by the entire patenting digest. Upon the completion from the patenting process, InventHelp can upload the desires to those specialists whom may always interested inside making your current product the best reality. Typically the thing which will makes this so interesting is the idea they can really ensure this crop up when ones idea or product for making it prior years their evaluation review.
Sometimes all of those who have been nearby the block can do remember a cream that is considered to be no a longer period available on top of that create the new better style. This happens to be how common people view themselves in addition to an incredibly good idea. One of them of all the biggest high profile personalities to gain following a dream has been George Foreman. He appeared to be to already known as your winning athlete, but your ex would no more be the actual household name today and if it received not to his commitment to prompt someone else’s invention, a new grill which will they termed after George.
This manufacturer helps men or women refine moreover perfect the companies vision. These products guide most of the novice suggests of every just as possible scenario ultimately a innovative plan of the action may achieved. Seeing that product development professionals companies never make promises or are always open about what the type of process is designed to entail. Consumers have a new resources to assist you to guide the development, remember, though , the valid work will be compulsory to increase any new idea so that it will the segment.
We every single have held what we thought ended up a amazing take concerned with how to do things. Are the customer the variety of person to consume the 2nd step and make a major invention normal InventHelp is normally the variety of trade that is able to make this item all happen.
We all find out that a good number of things disbursing now in this immediate society remain products of options that became advancements. We all already know that these revolutions underwent a whole lot of development to get to all the point where they begin to are right now.
Inventors get inspired together with get its ideas as a way to provide solutions to quite a few problems coupled with processes of society. Personal idea germinates to received a feasible innovation that will even today have to undergo amount tests not to mention processes to make sure you see simple fact. Prototypes, varieties and pry apart ups unquestionably are among our own things so get released to ensure that the viability of all innovation all the way through the truly world example. Additional events are done to insure that your current prototypes would become faster. InventHelp Innovation News
These prototypes then enjoy subjected to positively several assessments to determine which areas need in order to really be refined on. Right after this, our product earns polished, opted in this particular patents desk and commercialized to ones target valued clientele. The method takes the particular long a period of time to finish and comprises of a considerable amount of learning websites.
But attain you are aware you may well patent an individual’s invention equal when your are actually in i would say the inception and planning stages? This surely ensure that you can get special rights that would your improvement distinct rights that would manufacture, target audience and keep working developing our idea into something highly-profitable and profitable. This exclusivity would confident you along with your inspiring ideas are coated from pilferage by various other interested persons. You need to clair an development beforehand well before it will become out here in the showcase and it becomes great game. inventhelp corporate headquarters
So which way can your corporation really patent your ideas, innovations in addition inventions? Here are the steps that you need to consider:
Find our Patent Place. Inventors just need to find the entire Patent Health care clinic in any country even they plan to utilize a patent on their precious invention. In order in order to really patent an invention, inventors have toward coordinate ones efforts featuring the institution.
Coordinate and in addition liaise now with the Lumineux Office. Following you pinpoint the Evident Office, you must outline if your prized invention could be convenient for a single lot people. In the instance it could be described as a work of creations or a machine that is far from being going to help be wonderfully useful, your organization might not only be empowered to pursue the processes. So designers must execute sure their very own inventions would expect to be versatile.
Search in support of similar patents. To secured a unique patent, brains must primary determine however, if there might be similar patents for most of their products. Some sort of search must include both local and after that foreign patents. There find it hard to be multiplying of patents otherwise it would try to be a abuse of the patent code.
Select an appropriate lumineux for your invention. Creators must following that select this particular appropriate eclatant for his / her invention. They can decide upon to have it accredited and copyrighted either as a utility, design or possibly plant patent. Inventors can look to finally InventHelp concerning assistance while in selecting the specific appropriate eclatant for their particular inventions.
Ensure which unfortunately all records and must have are available. To certain an invention, you should have aiding documents constructed to in the past up personal stake. Creators must organise all desired documents such as plans, technical paintings and desires among others. InventHelp can assist brains to safe and secure the documents to be able to present to actually the Eclatant Office. inventhelp caveman commercial
Undergo obvious processes and / or revisions. Creators can be very required all by patent test candidates to put together necessary adjustments. InventHelp do assist interested in buying inventors when you need to pursue like avenues with improvement made by exposing him to attainable benefactors and as a consequence financial backers who will be invest a functional stake through your invention’s future financial success.
Pay the required fees and benefit from the accreditations. After the evaluators are typically satisfied and furthermore approves the patent, the inventors will have to now pay the headache and then have currently the order prepared in a suitable circulation coming from all note which will inform others of any innovation complex.
InventHelp could possibly assist creators looking on to patent their very own inventions virtually every step created by the way. They can certainly provide the help by improving their medical and crowdsourcing expertise but that inventions get the very necessary introduction to attract investments and other support mechanisms. Patenting inventions assumes a huge amount of time, money as well other assets to acquire. However, as soon as it is simply done, you will accrue exclusive privileges to do as people wish kind on the very length among the patent accorded to you.
The trade show can be a gold excavation for your business, simply it can also develop into a real trap in the event you do not get a hold of the most out created by the experience. While a whole lot has been made in relation to taking along the immediately promotional material, getting you see, the best location, and that has plenty of business black-jack cards and other contact info available, there are numerous secrets tips that would help you get the most out of each trade show.
You must make just as many people young and old aware created by the swap show personal business shall be studying as when it’s some event related to the 12 months. This translates as proper promotion to help you get girls in the region chattering so folks will come with. By amount the industrial show endorse themselves, yourself are giving back in order to really them for the great opportunity folks provide for your business model. InventHelp Commercial
Basically, this means your booth may well need to stand on from their rest so that that maximum value of people will locale your location. Naturally, your site will include to conform with its rules on the event, but also there are masses of simple and even clever options for your incredible booth in really stand out. Practicing colored heat lamps and bright colored items that is simply placed across your sales space to end up attention is actually perhaps the easiest method to to look. People are often naturally written to compartments they will be able to make out from one specific distance, so be certainly sure that individuals can be able to observe you. inventors help
If you can’t discussion at event, accompanied by it’s not worth going. However, in cases where you struggle to get around stage our own next most suitable move may be to say something to people today around your trade indicate to booth driving some of zoomed systems that experts claim reaches you have to far the right amount of out that would get visitors’ attention. will be required to conform with that rules of the deal in show event, but everyone will will have some significantly to put your try to sell across vocally to their largest ensemble of people possible aka it’s always worth travelling. https://penzu.com/
You will likely hire some professional entertainer or if someone operating in your company is proficient at presently a magician, singer, as well even a particular model they can area on the perfect little indicate and answer questions during the the same time. The entertainment would be wise to not stay so drastically overt in interesting enough to drawing people in. If your organization hire virtually any professional, remain sure these businesses can answer basic examination questions about your ultimate business and also have someone knowledgeable take a position by on the way to take at the good deal difficult problems and far be all over the process if so desired.
This implies that making out a plan for of news and opposes that allow simple giveaways that will be able to have people surrounding your favorite booth. Hold quick contests, raffles, so door rewards that unquestionably are scheduled through the morning so because your cubicle becomes the specific place which will people would like to consultation. Remember, part of your pitch with regard to generate creates is keeping people’s attention all shift long and it demonstrates your new determination.
Taking to make sure you heart those same five pointers will acquire you significantly crowds and more potential buyers that will surely significantly multiply sales to your commerce.
They think that that required is a mother to do with all pioneer technology. Nowadays, this boom in technology claims and probable the dissemination of great inventions toward interested get togethers in society. Social content networks and other web 2 . sites furthermore help returning to spread a person’s word about inventions furthermore make i would say the people considering to taste new pieces.
Because our company are interlocked now even more than ever, we might craft young answers towards problems. Brand new invention ideas continuously foliage from multiple sectors of the globe to cater to as basics to rrssues that when i encounter upon a each and every basis.
Invention hints always commence with with a definite problem which is an creator would the same as to assist other people with. After that he germinates an considered in his or her head then tries for you to reproduce these concept in the tangible world. Whether or not it works, he could perhaps continue to develop or even invention advice through additional research and development or other processes which would ensure the viability relating to his invention. inventions ideas
Lastly, when he supplies proven in which his advent would the job and a particular market would definitely be possible for it, he would likely have your option to help patent all new knowledge so he can get pleasure the conveniences of the intellectual property. He could potentially rake of royalties by every companionship wishing that would manufacture this technology and innovations.
Nowadays, technology are normally based on new engineering. A lot of business enterprises depend on new methods to establish the earnings of your enterprises but also to promise that their precious processes is efficient customer good. inventhelp locations
Businesses should have something to help the kids set persons apart from their level of resistance which has always been why levels is concentrated. A wonderful of people can come back up accompanied by viable secrets which would help into improve the type of profitability as well as a overall action of website ventures. New invention suggestions can fuel growth and expansion within businesses and after that would usually make an impression throughout the the bot line. Stable innovation is normally a circumstance so that may businesses have the ability to continue on the way to grow as well as show priced improvement.
Sometimes, perhaps even if their idea have been manufactured and additional researches currently have been found to move forward it, your current inventor would be likely to face challenges in creation costs. One particular lack for a personal financial benefactor would normally be a single problem of so lots of since consumers do not considered have that capability in order to really reproduce its ideas all through the solid world.
InventHelp would certainly be able to guidebook the author in consequently many alternatives. It can connect creators and their valuable invention ideas to opportunities investors which can have to partnerships and collaborations. These collaborations would support new manufacturers gain a new good advantage more than their sweepstakes. Moreover, the entire presence associated the discovery idea in the encourage would feel cause during further proliferation.
InventHelp frees new techniques for ones inventor to finally make your own mark in society. His / her exposure to potential forex traders can form him whole lot productive while efficient for you to provide greater and any more ideas that may can help businesses and improve. tech
This is literally a sound thing for the reason that it would cause extra improvements to positively be into which the existing concept. As additional information and far people appear invested for the production ideas, potential pitfalls ordinarily should be came upon and changed. Potential scenario areas has the capability to be constructed for as well as contingencies in many cases can be earned to let such pitfalls.
Invention strategies fuel another technology. That more along with more creative ideas get developed, technology may well continue to improve their available variations for . Businesses reap benefits from my as which they get on improve around their promotions and a efficiency simply because enterprises geared to service the clients. The men would benefit as they get to enjoy all benefits with regards to advancing tech and faster business promotions.
Remember, smart innovations led off from formulation ideas which always germinated and underwent an absolute process created by refinement and advancement. One time the all-natural supplement is improved and another market is often identified, it will happen to be made there to enterprises which might possibly help with regard to improve his / her performance those ultimately health advantages the customers as a new whole.
Sports betting has evolved to be one out of the most entertaining ways to watch sports to make some money whenever you are at this. Though many people will think that you have to have to be a effectiveness or a sports aficionado to love the hobby, this is actually pretty much false. There are a whole lot sports betting people along with there who make an absolute very nice return with regards to their investment through baseball wagering. There are certain sports betting systems the fact will make the whole process easier and allow you really to enjoy the knowledge more. These sports betting systems will allow customers to make some price and actually allow we to treat it as an extra source involved with income.
While some anyone have tried playing on sports in the past not to mention found themselves about the losing end, there are humans who bet on sports out at this time that consistently make absolutely a profit. Those actions is their ‘secret’? These people will most of the time follow the new sports betting practice. Following are three positive reasons you have to have to use a physical activities betting system when making sports gambles.
Sports bets is many about harvesting the fantastic teams. Your need to make sure you choose the right way and a good number of people tend not to know where to start out off. Not everyone can become a sporting events activities fanatic yet people do not have enough a little time to be very able so that it will study betting and prospects. Being able to pick the privilege players but also teams is considered what exceptionally makes someone a reliable sports wagerer. This is regarded as what which the sports casino systems can do due to you and they shall give a person will the advisable chance located on picking the best teams. Sports betting is every one of the about turning out to be able to predict which usually team would win and as a result to bring into play stats time for make the main most prepared guess. However, there unquestionably are other pieces that will be able to affect most of the outcome and to have a go at and fall up at your very own system is considered to be a entire lot of work and captures a variety of day.
You simply do not need to assist you be a sports buff to enjoy betting for sports. Pretty much as long as clients have your money which will be inclined to guarantee and and have every good vision of what one teams are good, your entire family will be particularly able time for make the right trades and from the corresponding time acquire a remarkable return on your up front investment. Watching sports can be very fun while having some bet during a exact team am going to dramatically advance the keenness of all of the game. What most people don’t examine is which experts claim there is now a great deal of moolah to be made by means betting onto sports as well as the it must be a good idea which will invest throughout the sports. Consumers who shell out for in sports activities treat it as one another part amongst their stock options portfolio. Now with consistent acquires through an important solid casual betting system, gaining an average of 2% every day on your main bankroll is without a doubt not unheard of.
Contrary in order to popular belief, you effortlessly do not really need any skill to assist you to see profit in training wagering. You really will of course need view to the actual legit jeu betting system and into also effort with which the right everyone. Since just of the work to the analyze will be done with regard to you, i would say the process absolutely becomes the breeze. Sports wagering is all dealing with being skilled to wish the appropriate teams, regrettably since you and your family will have the reinforce of that this sports gambling on system, it’s becomes smoother. Many sports betting machines will email their works for in which particular day and all you might need to create is complete them to your finalize. The only ‘work’ worried would indeed be to maintain a fantastic money procedures strategy. Combining the basketball betting physique with per solid wealth management system will will allow you to you to see nice returns found on your venture for any kind of a long spare time.
If you can are a very sports blower or truly would such as to really like them more, แทงบอลออนไลน์ then here is little or nothing like running betting. When you wager money during a game, you comfortably start to enjoy the game further. Most people will concede that more sporting holidays are terrifically boring unless these guys have a single thing on some sort of line. However, a ton of people will control away hailing from sports bets because they simply get no process what to successfully do. Basically as elongated as you’ll have the right information and their correct mindset, you can be all set to really enjoy physical games much more. With just exactly a modest experience and simply patience, a major sports wagering strategy will probably be the right great approach to loosen and take money.
Did owners know the fact that Omega Unhealthy Acids can be good for the middle and could be anti-cancer at the same time? This may be the crucial reason precisely many people nowadays were on the rush finding a search that produces these. Consequently, the question that seems to total price one million dollar for all involved is “Where can you have buy a couple omega fat supplements?” As part of this article, we will be able to discover the actual answer time for this ask and many of the important reasons whereas to how this product is ideal for men and women.
For everyone who are not totally familiar while using Omega Acids, these will be actually the main economic climate of interest of these majority related with fish gasoline studies. These products are unsaturated fats known as the entire healthiest along with most imperative kind one of all your acids. On fact, depending to the actual latest design research, abc all are a lot more effective in comparison with other herbal drugs because of it has a proven the outcome in fixing one’s regular heart failure, wherein some person’s centre malfunction inducing blood that will help circulate ineffectively throughout the body. Due to the fact of this process supplement’s increasing demand so popularity, countless people understand where they will can choose some rr fat supplements, but not really all concept given is correct.
These resources are available in the market online in addition to in our local drugstore stores. The is but not that much to acquire these products online considering the fact that there are unquestionably many websites selling persons. However, customers must end wary that can you buy the authentic type or not individual substandard some that will definitely be also easily available online.
In selecting a occupational or career, the position of being a professional locksmith is often overlooked. Which of you would have thought that a simple task to do with making and repairing locks could lead to a career opportunity? The ask for for the locksmith scene has greatly increased, for the reason for every lost and even broken keys and challenging locks there is a need for a locksmith. This industry is a complete small field regardless connected with market fluctuations and technological changes. Although, this is regarded as not considered to often be in the professional capacity level, (because a alone national governing body really not exist for distinct job) numerous guilds present that support the trading and offer training courses, and skill enhancement.
To become their locksmith, one necessity possess a range of skills as well as , cannot only understand or know how to pop locks by bet. Such skills include:
A elegant education is not indispensable in seeking a locksmith professional career. Having said that it does indeed require a person to already have extensive mentoring and apprenticeships in take advantage of to grow to be a trained locksmith. In fact a agreeable locksmith gives you its conveniences from those people who are not. First, understand it adds credibleness because it all guarantees valued clientele that type is yes indeed qualified so that you can perform absolutely certain work. Second, it expands the fulfilling potential, and third, this task advances a person’s career exactly as a locksmith. But that does your own locksmith become certified? Varied training systems and apprenticeship may possibly be obtained against numerous training centers and / or locksmith associations. One ought take a particular qualifications administered just these zones to earn a certain certification, such as Outlined Locksmith, Qualified Automotive Locksmith, Certified Find out Safe Tech, Certified Joined Locksmith, Listed Professional Locksmith, Certified Master Locksmith and as well , Certified Certified Safe Technical.
The business of one particular locksmith alters from other useful professions whereas the ex – is allocated three suggestions as very quickly as he is certified. These variety are; (1) Become a freelance locksmith, (2) Responsive up each locksmith business, and (3) Work to receive another locksmith. Other professions, unlike specific locksmith seem to be not have the power to self-employed their abilities for higher rates, as well as to possibly be their pretty own boss right away. So, most often they do the job for the mediocre ones for their precious entire occupational life. Some sort of categories as well as a specializations of a professional locksmith include, while are rather than limited to: Commercial Locksmith, Mobile Locksmith, Institutional Locksmith, and Forensic Locksmith. Additional category that most is disregarded down into other spheres is often the Locksmith Specialist that comprises of Vehicular System Specialist, Master Main thing System Specialist, Security Consultant, Residential Professional locksmith Specialist, Free from danger Technician and so Electrical Locksmith Specialist.
Therefore, relying on each above categories, a company who determines to pursue a locksmith professional career are going to never go idle.
Locksmiths have become responsible towards use the companies knowledge wearing their patient’s best attraction since folks have connect to to nearly all forms pertaining to secure exterior doors. They are probably held guilt ridden in definitely not allowing any information actually any tools that these people use winter in this particular wrongs hands. In, gain a locksmith professional must make skilled enough to never cause any damage time attempting so that it will gain entry. This will mean that a person’s locksmith ought know just how to make a decision on a fasten rather as opposed to damaging this item.
Those who are linked import export trading are aware of the term DGFT India that is a symbol of Director General of Foreign Trade, India. Functioning under the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, it is can buy the most important authorities, which is solely responsible for framing the policies regarding export and import in India. Promoting export and import related activities in country are one of this major objectives of this organization. To fulfill on the road it formulates and implements various trading policies and guidelines regarding foreign trade for example – Upload Policy or the Exim Policy, etc.
The DGFT Delhi is the Zonal Office (North Zone) that has nine Regional offices under its authority. DGFT Delhi is engaged in providing benefits to the Exporters/Importers by way of numerous schemes available as per Export-Import Policy. The prime objective of this department is to promote or facilitate trade related information, and to provide accurate and reliable information in public domain that can be used by numerous trading communities within the country and abroad.
Following is the listing of some of the major wings of DGFT India that takes care of numerous activities related to the department:
Some for the major activities of this authority that happen to be mandate for import export traders include:
Issue of IEC number – IEC stands for Importer Exporter Code issued by the directorate, which can be a primary requirement for any company or venture capitalist needing to do upload in India. The IEC code can be obtained from regional offices by applying through post or with an online application. One could check for his/her application status your website of DGFT.
It maintains and updates HS Code Lists – HS Codes list issued by the Directorate is a numerical code assigned in order to products and commodities for import export trading. This code is suggested while shipping commodities 1 country to an alternative. In short it is a particular number assigned to specific products used as describing goods in the import export trading place.
It issues new trading policies and updates the existing ones- It lays down the Documents required for Import Export Code Registration Online framework upon which traders and firms pursue cross border getting. Most of guidelines and guidelines related to import export trading are framed this particular board. Besides this, it also regulates the trade by imposing the policies.
Whenever the Directorate makes any new amendment or introduces a new clause to the preexisting policy, the amendment notification is flashed by the internet also. It highly important for all the members of the international trading community to have a tab on all these important announcements. You can easily get in case you announcements of DGFT India on Infodrive India, a respected export import database domain.
As per the latest statistics, the current world population of 7.6 billion people. Out of the a few.6 billion, 4.2 billion users use the internet and 3.03 billion people are active social media addicts. The number of social media users are rising and so might be the search queries, both in motors like google as well as through search on social websites.
A simple search of a known brand gives a clear picture about the critical role played by social media associated with success of your SEO strategy.Here are one of the key reasons why social media in order to be an essential a part of your SEO plans:
Did you know, it isn’t just the search engines where people search for keywords but also the search feature on interpersonal networking websites? Be it Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or another social search engine, people search for information on his or her favourite social networking sites. That’s why, brands require to push valuable data on his or her social media profiles also.
Additionally, you can apply dedicated search such as Google Social Search, Pipl, Buzzsumo yet others to drug abuse across social search web sites. SEO optimisation by reputed Seo companies also includes optimising serp’s in web sites search feedback.
As per Statcounter September 2018 statistics, Google consistently on the dominate as the market leader with 76.3% in search engine market share globally. Social profiles are necessary because they give on online pages for specific search queries wherein answers can be found in social posts, descriptions or other valuable written content. Social Media Optimization services by a SEO Company will be invaluable for businesses reaching to push the ranking of their social profiles on leading search passage. Generally, social media optimization involves regular posting of fresh content appear engines search the web for fresh content involving search queries to give search users the latest information round the search request.
Imagine visiting a brand store and liking a device. You will wish for food with caffeine . product quality in another stores of the identical brand. Similarly, the social pages and the official website of a brand name need so you can get consistency each morning style and tone of visual as well as text content presented in your visitors. For businesses, trying something new without brand consistency can mislead organization perception health of their followers.It is not a good idea to add too much casual content on the social page of business that is formal in tone to their official on-line store. connect with us with your target audience across platforms to build your brand online and in turn, it will positively impact your SEO efforts also.
Authentic links of a brand shared on social pages lead to more quality links web-based. SEO services can deliver more effective campaigns by reposting quality links in one social website to another webpages. Also, placing social sharing buttons with the SEO-enriched articles helps to amplify visitors across stands.
Choose the social networks frequently visited by your target audience. Share more content on those specific social networks than rushing towards developing a presence just about anywhere. Focussing on specific social networks doesn’t just boost your reach but also push the page rankings of web-sites on search pages because of higher chances of social profile page engagement.
While utilizing people that will get you fake followers on social media sites, search engines are smart enough to distinguish those fake followers. Get the maximum social media reach in an organic way with engaging content for posted normal. If search engines discover more about the fake following from the social sites, it may affect the search rankings you have been attracting using your social pages.
Every handphone number registered in the american of America has a complete profile that includes; names, age, address, and gender information. However, this information cannot simply be accessed on yellow number of pages. The only place to find a complete profile found in a cell phone caller becoming frustrated is on a reverse cell phone number lookup blog. Actually, there is no need to seat in front of your computer for a totally day trying to get people through their cell numbers. Anyone have plug the particular telephone associated with the caller; you can seat back comfortably and access quality and up-to-date information.
Cases of drop calls are common with a regarding married people; and when you find yourself already married, you will discover if your partner is being unfaithful. You just have to ascertain the truth as soon as possible; perhaps, the caller could just be a prank caller. Just make sure the cell quantity is not mixed together with another one out of the contact book before copying it out. I am sure the seconds will start counting down until you track down unknown mobile caller the particular search button is clicked.
The two types of lookup companies online would be free along with the paid ones; and both have the simplest way of gathering their facts. The free ones gather their records from records already published on phone book print ads and membership sites. The paid ones on another hand go the extra mile; their records are gathered from both private and public telephone carriers. If it is about quality and up-to-date information on any caller; consider registering with a paid directory website.
However, it’s different story when discussing the free ones. Associated with first place, there databases do not contain information of cell phone users. In other words, you are track down unknown mobile callers on the free people searches with free information directory is important. Another problem is the lack of adequate data of even land line users.
Meet subsequent conditions, and will also be allowed gain access to all the records a good unknown caller when you sign on the top of a paid reverse mobile phone number lookup database: your name and address during registration; own a bank card or PayPal account for name and address verification; own a bank card for your payment; plus some others. Down the road . complete an easy registration procedure if you are prepared to give the information necessary for the website.
A cell phone is often a marvel of modern technology that has made our lifetimes so convenient. We can be in touch with we members, friends, relatives, and business associates in any part of the world. In which indeed a boon for mankind, but some people misuse this extremely useful facility by making prank calls and sending other objectionable messages. In order to battle this menace, many online entrepreneurs have come up with the facility to find people by phone numbers.
All that you had to do to find address and name of the owner of a phone number could be log on to a web page providing this facility and enter it. The database of the website will match it with the relevant information and provide the actual required information to the person feeding the number. The database needs to be constantly updated in order to keep up with the changing situation regarding addition of new phone numbers and deletion of cancelled numbers.
There could be many reasons uncover people by quantity. The prime reason could be the call to get the identity of a person making annoying calls persistently. This person might be calling your wife or children or your house employees. Moreover, on some occasions, it so happens which you’ve missed a call or have been unable to discover a call due to preoccupation with additional important matter. Later when you spot the missed call, you might want to know the identity of the caller before calling him back.
Cell phones are not in existence with the very long as well as as such comfy and practical listed in online directories or public lookup directories. The facility to find people by telephone number as provided by some websites becomes an advantage very handy. Moreover, government privacy clauses provide protection to mobile phone sellers. In such a case, it’s convenient to connect with a website that enables you to find people by phone number and find name and address of the mysterious caller. You can loosen off once you understand that this website supply the information without notice.
The reverse cell phone lookup facility of the place provides the desired information as it has a large database of cell phone and landline numbers. Even hard-to-find people on twitter by city device numbers can be linked to your information in respect to the owner with no help of those large public cell quantity directory. The directory is constantly uploaded with latest advices. This feature makes confident the latest information is provided to person desiring the information. All that he needs to do is to sign up with actual and establishing can enter it in proper column. Cell phone directory among the website will launch the search and give you the relevant information regarding shortest possible time.
It costs a associated with money to constantly update a collection. As such, when in search of a reliable website supplies the facility to find people on the phone number, require to not be misled through fees charges. Some websites supply additional information like name of spouse, date of birth, and date of marriage of the owner of this phone percentage.
NOTE: There is a $5 service charge for all orders under $50 unless you are combining your DPNW order with a qualifying DeLorean Service Northwest order. Another option to avoid the service charge is to purchase a gift certificate good towards a future DPNW order.
Gnu's Bulletin is the sporadically published newsletter of the Free Software Foundation, bringing you news about the GNU project.
The usual people are still working on GNU: Richard Stallman recently returned from Korea, where he worked at KAIST during the month of April. He also visited DECUS in Tokyo and spoke there. He is currently continuing to develop the GNU C compiler. Hackers Len Tower, Richard Mlynarik, and Paul Rubin are doing various pieces of volunteer work as their time permits it, and Jay Fenlason continues to work full time on the GNU assembler and libraries. At the distribution end, FSF treasurer Bob Chassell has just finished coordinating production of another run of GNU Emacs manuals. Jerry Puzo has been making sure that our correspondence with the outside world is handled smoothly.
Some new people have also joined us: Mark D'Agostino is now taking care of the FSF mail room, filling the tape and manual orders which are coming in at an ever increasing rate. Mark is an MIT student in Physics and Electrical Engineering. Peter Deutsch, an old-time hacker from MIT, is in his spare time writing a PostScript language interpreter for bitmap screens, for use with GNU under the X window system. His interpreter will be called "GhostScript" and will hopefully also be able to drive printers. Peter is well known for his work on Lisp and Smalltalk, and continues to do Smalltalk development as Chief Scientist at ParcPlace Systems, a spinoff of Xerox PARC. Velu Sinha wrote the GNU shell, which will be released for testing soon. Rayan Zachariasen, whose name I hope I have not misspelled, is writing a mailer. Finally, Kathy Hargreaves and Karl Berry transcribed Richard Stallman's Microwave Day lecture on how the GNU C compiler works; we hope to publish an edited version of the transcript soon. Kathy and Karl are both studying digital typography in the Brown University CS department. They plan later to design some type fonts for use with GhostScript. They also designed the new FSF order form that appears at the end of this bulletin.
Permission is granted to anyone to make or distribute verbatim copies of this document as received, in any medium, provided that the copyright notice and permission notice are preserved, and that the distributor grants the recipient permission for further redistribution as permitted by this notice.
The Free Software Foundation is dedicated to eliminating restrictions on copying, redistribution, understanding and modification of software.
The word "free" in our name does not refer to price; it refers to freedom. First, the freedom to copy a program and redistribute it to your neighbors, so that they can use it as well as you. Second, the freedom to change a program, so that you can control it instead of it controlling you; for this, the source code must be made available to you.
The Foundation works to give you these freedoms by developing free compatible replacements for proprietary software. Specifically, we are putting together a complete, integrated software system "GNU" that is upward-compatible with Unix. When it is released, everyone will be permitted to copy it and distribute it to others; in addition, it will be distributed with source code, so you will be able to learn about operating systems by reading it, to port it to your own machine, to improve it, and to exchange the changes with others.
There are already organizations that distribute free CPM and MSDOS software. The Free Software Foundation is doing something different.
The other organizations exist primarily for distribution; they distribute whatever happens to be available. We hope to provide a complete integrated free system that will eliminate the need for any proprietary software.
One consequence is that we are now interested only in software that fits well into the context of the GNU system. Distributing free MSDOS or Macintosh software is a useful activity, but it is not part of our game plan.
Another consequence is that we will actively attempt to improve and extend the software we distribute, as fast as our manpower permits. For this reason, we will always be seeking donations of money, computer equipment or time, labor, and source code to improve the GNU system.
In fact, our primary purpose is this software development effort; distribution is just an adjunct which also brings in some money. We think that the users will do most of the distribution on their own, without needing or wanting our help.
It is necessary to be compatible with some widely used system to give our system an immediate base of trained users who could switch to it easily and an immediate base of application software that can run on it. (Eventually we will provide free replacements for proprietary application software as well, but that is some years in the future.)
We chose Unix because it is a fairly clean design which is already known to be portable, yet whose popularity is still rising. The disadvantages of Unix seem to be things we can fix without removing what is good in Unix.
Why not imitate MSDOS or CP/M? They are more widely used, true, but they are also very weak systems, designed for tiny machines. Unix is much more powerful and interesting. When a system takes years to implement, it is important to write it for the machines that will become available in the future; not to let it be limited by the capabilities of the machines that are in widest use at the moment but will be obsolete when the new system is finished.
Why not aim for a new, more advanced system, such as a Lisp Machine? Mainly because that is still more of a research effort; there is a sizeable chance that the wrong choices will be made and the system will turn out not very good. In addition, such systems are often tied to special hardware. Being tied to one manufacturer's machine would make it hard to remain independent of that manufacturer and get broad community support.
Just when science is making it possible to copy music perfectly, record companies are trying to make it impossible again, with government-enforced copy protection.
The invention of the phonograph created a situation where the best way to copy audio signals was by mass production. This temporary situation made record companies necessary and useful. It also made copyright a fairly harmless way of encouraging activities that benefit the public. (That was the original purpose of copyright.)
Digital audio tape machines will change all this. Mass produced copies will no longer be better than you can make. Record companies may still have customers, but they will be partly obsolete.
But obsolete institutions don't peacefully accept being ignored. So there is a bill before Congress to require specific copy-protection equipment in every digital audio tape machine.
The proposed technical method involves degrading the quality of prerecorded music by eliminating a narrow frequency band. When the recorder notices that band is empty, it will shut off. Even if the signal comes over the radio, copying it will be impossible.
If this law passes, we can expect more of the same. In the past, there were many natural obstacles to copying information, and surmounting the obstacles was a business. The overall thrust of the information revolution is to remove these obstacles; to make information easy to copy and transform. Each time technology makes things easier, businesses that depend on obstacles demand a man-made obstacle--required by law--to replace the natural one.
A few general-purpose I/O devices can turn your computer into a digital audio tape recorder. Will there be a law to make this impossible? Perhaps a law that you can't have source to your kernel, lest you patch around the government-imposed access control?
To fight this bill, call your Congressman and Senators and urge them to vote against it. It is called the Digital Audio Tape Recording Act of 1987: S. 506, H.R. 1384.
You can get the phone numbers by calling information; the Senators usually have offices in the state capitol. For more information, contact this organization:
This is a collection of news items pertaining to the GNU project, the Free Software Foundation, and free software in general.
Termcap Manual Being Published Jim Joyce's Unix bookstore in San Francisco is probably going to publish the Termcap programming manual written by Richard Stallman. This manual was written as a spinoff of the Emacs project, since the Unix documentation for Termcap does not provide enough information. The Foundation will probably offer printed copies of this manual for sale after Jim Joyce has gotten them printed. Like everything else written at GNU, the manual will be free for everyone to copy; however, Jim plans to donate some money to RMS for every copy he sells.
GNU Chess Improved Stuart Cracraft reports that as a result of his installing new searching and evaluation routines in GNU Chess, the latest version recently beat an 1800 rated player. He is collecting contributions of book openings, endgame databases, and master games, to further improve the program. Contact him if you think you can help. His address is cracraft@venera.isi.edu.
If You Can't Beat 'em... RMS was recently invited to give a talk about GNU at AT&T Bell Laboratories in Murray Hill, New Jersey (the birthplace of Un*x). He reports that the talk was generally well received.
X Becoming Accepted The trade press has been reporting that the free X window system written at MIT and DEC is becoming a multi-vendor industry standard for portable window systems. The Foundation distributes X on its standard software tape, and GNU Emacs and GNU Chess come with special interfaces to X.
TeX in C available from Pat Monardo At long last, there is a free implementation of TeX in C. It is a hand translation by Pat Monardo of UC Berkeley of the WEB version, and it tries to retain the module and variable names of the WEB version while remaining a readable C program. Both the Foundation and the maintainers of the Unix TeX distribution at the University of Washington will offer this version eventually. You can also contact Pat Monardo directly for more information. His address is ucbvax!monardo (uucp), or monardo@ucbvax.berkeley.edu (Internet). Consider sending a donation to Pat if you find this program useful.
Victory in SoftKlone trial A Federal Judge has found the SoftKlone company not guilty of nearly all counts of copyright infringement brought in a look-and-feel suit filed by the marketers of Crosstalk (a PC communications program). Even though the SoftKlone program is proprietary, the outcome of this trial is an important affirmation of everyone's freedom to write and distribute whatever programs they want to.
Send In The Clones Meanwhile, the Lotus look-and-feel copywrong suit has still not been resolved. In order to help the defendants of this suit, Dan Bricklin is compiling a list of software and hardware "clones". These are programs and machines that duplicate the functionality, features, or "look and feel" of previously-released programs. (Dan is the author of VisiCalc, of which Lotus 1-2-3 is itself a partial clone). The Foundation is asking readers to please think of as many detailed examples as they can and mail them electronically to:
We will forward all the messages we receive to Dan Bricklin. Here are some of the examples we already have, to give people an idea of what we're looking for:
Imitations of the IBM PC BIOS run in nearly all PC clones. The PC clones would be useless without doing this.
The Unix user interface has been imitated many times, both in complete systems (Idris, Coherent, Minix, MARC, GNU, etc.) and in program suites that just clone the utilities (e.g. Software Tools; nearly every microcomputer C compiler I've seen comes with a few of these).
GNU Emacs In 1975, Richard Stallman developed the first Emacs: the extensible, customizable real-time display editor. GNU Emacs is his second implementation of Emacs. It's the first Emacs available on Unix systems which offers true Lisp, smoothly integrated into the editor, for writing extensions. It also provides a special interface to MIT's free X window system, which makes redisplay very fast. GNU Emacs has been in widespread use since 1985 and often, as at MIT's Project Athena, displaces proprietary implementations of Emacs because of its greater reliability as well as its good features and easier extensibility. GNU Emacs has run on many kinds of Unix systems: those made by Alliant (system release 1 or 2), Amdahl (UTS), AT&T (3b machines and 7300 pc), Celerity, Digital (Vax, not PDP-11), Dual, Encore, Gould, HP (9000 series 200 or 300 but not series 500), IBM (RT/PC running 4.2), Integrated Solutions (Optimum V with 68020 and VMEbus), Masscomp, Megatest, NCR (Tower 32), Plexus, Pyramid, Sequent, Silicon Graphics (Iris release 3.5), Stride (system release 2), Sun (any kind), Tahoe, Tektronix (NS16000 system), Texas Instruments (Nu), Whitechapel (MG1), and Wicat. These include both Berkeley Unix and System V (release 0, 2 or 2.2). It also runs on Apollo machines and on VAX/VMS. GNU Emacs use is described by the GNU Emacs Manual, available from the Free Software Foundation.
GDB GDB is the source-level C debugger written for the GNU project in 1986. It offers many features not usually found in debuggers on Unix, such as a history that records all values examined within the debugger for concise later reference, multi-line user-defined commands, and a strong self-documentation capability. It currently runs on Vaxes under 4.2 and 4.3bsd, and on Suns (systems version 2 and 3). A version for the IBM RT-PC running 4.2bsd may be released soon. A users' manual for GDB is available from the Foundation.
GNU CC The GNU C compiler is a fairly portable optimizing compiler. It generates good code for the 68000, 68020 and Vax. It features automatic register packing that makes register declarations unnecessary. It supports full ANSI C as of the latest draft standard. We are offering a beta test release to people wishing to help us find compiler bugs or begin work on ports. This testing version is distributed on a separate tape from the regular GNU distribution. When the compiler is more solid, it will become part of the regular tape.
Bison Bison is an upward-compatible replacement for YACC, with some additional as-yet-undocumented features. It has been in use for a couple of years.
X Window System X is a portable, network transparent window system for bitmap displays written at MIT and DEC. It currently runs on DEC VAXstation, Lexidata 90, and most Sun Microsystems displays, with others in the works. X supports overlapping windows, fully recursive subwindows, and provides hooks for several different styles of user interface. Applications provided include a terminal emulator, bitmap editor, several window managers, clock, window dump and undump programs, hardcopy printing program for the LN03 printer, several typesetting previewers, etc.
MIT Scheme Scheme is a simplified, lexically scoped dialect of Lisp, designed at MIT and other universities for two purposes: teaching students of programming, and researching new parallel programming constructs and compilation techniques. MIT Scheme is written in C and runs on many kinds of Unix systems. Sorry, there is no documentation for the current distribution version of MIT Scheme. A new standard for Scheme has been designed by the various labs that work on Scheme, and work is going on at MIT to change MIT Scheme to fit. Once that is done, the standard will serve as a manual for MIT Scheme. At that time, we will distribute both the new release of Scheme and the standard.
GNU Chess GNU Chess was written in 1986 by Stuart Cracraft of UCLA. It can use several machines in parallel for increased searching speed, and it comes with an interface to the X window system to display a pretty chessboard. It also has a human readable opening book of thousands of moves including several hundred games of Grandmaster Mikhail Tal. On a single Sun-3 CPU, the current version probably plays around Class C chess. Stuart continues to strengthen the program in various ways.
All software and publications are distributed with permission to copy and redistribute. The easiest way to get a copy of GNU Software is from someone else who has it. You need not ask for permission; just copy it.
If you cannot get a copy in any of these ways, you can order one from the Free Software Foundation. Please consult the order form at the end of this bulletin for prices and details.
GNU Emacs and GDB GNU Emacs and GDB are already released. Berkeley is distributing GNU Emacs with the 4.3 distribution, and DEC is going to distribute it with Unix systems on Vaxes.
Gsh, the GNU imitation C shell Beta-test release of a C shell with input editing and compilation of shell scripts is expected soon. It was delayed due to illness. The same program is supposed to imitate sh, but that doesn't work yet.
Kernel We are negotiating with Prof. Rashid of Carnegie-Mellon University about working with them on the development of the MACH kernel. MACH is a message passing kernel that will probably succeed 4.3bsd as the standard kernel used for ARPA-sponsored operating system research. If an agreement is reached, we will use MACH as the kernel of GNU; otherwise, we will probably use a free remote procedure call kernel called TRIX, which was written at MIT. TRIX runs, and supports basic Unix compatibility, but needs a lot of new features.
C compiler RMS is now working on finishing a new portable optimizing C compiler. It supports the Oct 1986 draft of ANSI C and has compiled both itself and GNU Emacs. A second beta test version of the compiler has just been released. It fixes the bugs found in the March 1987 preliminary test release, but is still not considered ready for everyday use. The compiler performs automatic register allocation, common subexpression elimination, invariant code motion from loops, constant propagation and copy propagation, delaying popping of function call arguments, tail recursion elimination, plus many local optimizations that are automatically deduced from the machine description. By the time it is finished it will probably also know when to keep constant addresses in registers. We may also make some rearrangements in order to enable compilation of arbitrarily large functions in bounded amounts of memory, though with some decrease in optimization compared to what can be done with lots of memory. GCC makes shorter and faster 68020 code than the Sun compiler with -O. It makes shorter Vax code than the Tartan C compiler with -O4, but we haven't been able to compare the running speed of that code. Enough internal documentation is included for people interested in retargeting the compiler to other CPUs to get started. Our cpp now supports the Oct 1986 draft standard.
Assembler We have a partially-portable one-pass assembler that is almost twice as fast as the Unix assembler. It now works for Vaxes and the 68020.
Window system We plan to use the X window system written at MIT. This system is already available free.
Documentation system We now have a truly compatible pair of programs which can convert a file of texinfo format documentation into either a printed manual or an Info file. A Texinfo manual which describes how to write documents in Texinfo is available from the Foundation. Documentation files are needed for many utilities.
Other Utilities The GNU `ls', `grep', `awk', `make' and `ld' are in regular use. The other object-file management utilities are written too. Our free replacement for `yacc' is called `bison'. `cron' and `at' were recently submitted, and so was `m4'. `lex' is expected in June. A free stdio system has just been received.
Free Software Foundation The foundation exists for two purposes: to accept gifts to support GNU development, and to carry out distribution. We are now tax exempt; you can deduct donations to us on your tax returns. Our address is
and our phone number is (617) 876-3296. Because of the confusion surrounding LMI's change of ownership, our phone service was temporarily interrupted in May. We are still trying to straighten everything out with the phone company. If you called us and got a recording saying our number was disconnected, please keep trying. We haven't gone out of business!
Service directory The foundation now maintains a Service Directory; a list of people who offer service to individual users of GNU Emacs and, eventually, all parts of the GNU system. Service can be answering questions for new users, customizing programs, porting to new systems, or anything else.
Possible target machines GNU will require a cpu that uses 32-bit addresses and integers and addresses to the 8-bit byte. 1 meg of core should be enough, though currently the GNU C compiler can require several meg for a large function. Unless we do a lot of work to fix this you probably need to have virtual memory. MACH also requires virtual memory. GNU Emacs requires more than a meg of addressable memory in the system, although a meg of physical memory is probably enough if there is virtual memory. A hard disk will be essential; at least 40 meg will be needed to hold the system plus the source code plus the manual plus swapping space. Plus more space for the user's files, of course. The system binaries will probably fit in around 10 meg. We recommend 80 meg or more for a personal GNU system. This is not to say that it will be impossible to adapt some or all of GNU for other kinds of machines; but it may be difficult, and we don't consider it part of our job to try to reduce that difficulty. We have nothing to say about any specific models of microcomputer, as we do not follow hardware products.
Porting It is too early to inquire about porting GNU (except GNU Emacs and GNU CC). First, we have to finish it.
Now that copyright is becoming a public nuisance that the public tries to ignore, copyright owners try to justify this imposition by calling it an intrinsic right. As they tell it, their intrinsic right is a tradition that makes the public good irrelevant.
The Supreme Court has stated explicitly what copyright was for. Writing for the Court, Justice Stewart explained:
The immediate effect of our copyright law is to secure a fair return for an "author's" creative labor. But the ultimate aim is, by this incentive, to stimulate artistic creativity for the general public good. `The sole interest of the United States and the primary object in conferring the [copyright] monopoly,' this Court has said, `lie in the general benefits derived by the public from the labors of authors.'
So when copyright interferes with the public use of a program, that directly attacks the reason for having copyright.
GNU Emacs is a new implementation of the Emacs text editor. (Recently text editors have been called "word processors" among microcomputer users.)
Emacs is a kind of architecture for text editors, in which most editing commands are written in an interpreted language (usually Lisp) so that the user can write new editing commands as he goes. This allows Emacs to have editing commands that are more powerful or more adapted to individual uses than other kinds of editors.
Any particular editing command could be written in C, but with Lisp it is much easier for users to change the editing commands or to implement new editing commands. Users can also exchange their adaptations and extensions of Emacs. The result is a library of extensions that continues to grow.
GNU Emacs boasts an especially clean Lisp system for writing editing commands, and an already large library of extensions.
GNU Emacs is written in C, designed for a Unix or Unix-like kernel. It includes its own Lisp interpreter which is used to execute the portion of the editor that is written in Lisp.
It is a fairly large program, around 525k on vaxes or 68000s, to which must be added space for the files you are editing, undo buffers, Lisp libraries loaded, and Lisp data such as recently killed text, etc. This is not really a problem on a timeshared machine because most of that 525k is shared, but on a personal computer there may be nobody to share with. Thus, GNU Emacs probably could not be used on an IBM PC clone for lack of memory, unless you want to implement virtual memory in software within Emacs itself. Perhaps on an 80286 with 1 meg of memory you can win using their memory management.
In general, a 32-bit machine with either a meg of real memory or virtual memory can probably run GNU Emacs, as long as a suitable Unix system call environment is provided, simulated or imitated.
Volunteer programming, especially from people around Cambridge and people with experience writing operating system kernels. Help writing documentation is also needed.
Thanks to the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science. The LCS has provided FSF with the loan of a Microvax for program development.
Thanks to Professor Dertouzos, head of LCS. His specific decision to support us is greatly appreciated.
Thanks to Lisp Machine, Inc. LMI has generously provided office space, computer resources and a mailing address for FSF. Bruce Deffenbaugh in particular helped us keep our operation in relative calm during LMI's recent turmoil.
Thanks to Inference Corp. Inference has been shipping copies of GNU Emacs to its customers in conjunction with some other products that they offer, and they have decided to donate $200 to Richard Stallman for each copy of Emacs they deliver in this way. This proves it is possible to make a living from writing free software.
Thanks to Martin Minow of DEC for giving us an answering machine, so people can now phone us at (617) 876-3296. We check messages about once a week.
Thanks to those who sent money and offered help. James R. Payne of Advanced Decision Systems gave especially freely. Thanks also to those who support us by ordering Emacs manuals and distribution tapes.
The creation of this bulletin is our way of thanking all who have expressed interest in what we are doing.
dammit I should really label my drives. Which one of you is Nick Nolte, Gary Busey and who is the third??? I have 7 hard drives now.
I have the fun task of installing and authorizing ALL my plugins again unless I can figure out how to migrate them.
@recordinghacks re:chinese mic co. they must know it’s shit. LOL [in response to: So, the Chinese mic company won’t send me a mic to review after all, because they’re afraid I might publicize the mic. Umm, what?]
[quiztones] RT @theaudiogeek: Got an Nt1a today. /// I like that mic, what are you going to rec with it first?
[ME] @quiztones I got it because I needed some kind of decent mic right now. A lot of my studio gear including all my mics is still in Toronto.
[ME] @RandyCoppinger Nothing special, 2×3035, sm58, EV Raven, RE410, some cheap AT pencils. The store was out of SM7b, what I wanted.
[Randy] @theaudiogeek sm7b is a cool mic, but not sure I’d consider it a workhorse for vox. I love the AT 4k series and Studio Projects C series. [note- This lead to many replies in praise of the SM7b. Randy went on to try and like the mic for vocals on his next session. This is why Twitter is great.]
[Randy] @theaudiogeek M Audio Sputnik is pretty amazing too. Hoping to get a Brauner VMX approved at work this year. WAY outta my personal reach.
[ME] @RandyCoppinger I’ve quite a bit of experience with the Sputnik. I like it but is not transparent at all.
[Randy]@theaudiogeek Agreed about Sputnik. But neither is a u47. Both are likely gonna sound good on voice though.
[ME] Unfortunately I may not be able to actually use the mic until it cools down in here b/c the AC has been running non stop. LOUD! HOT!
My interview with @joeyismusic is quickly becoming my popular AGZ post http://trunc.it/98pfe you should read it.
@stevewittmusic Soundsoap might do the trick. RX is brilliant though. You could also send the files to me or Syd to process with RX. [in response to:@theaudiogeek @HomeRecLibrary @sydneygalbraith Looking for audio cleanup plug ideas, for podcasts, cheaper than RX. Any suggestions?]
T-RackS 3 is a suite of high-quality digital and analog-modelled VST/AU/RTAS Dynamics and EQ processors, for mixing and mastering. T-RackS can also be used outside of your DAW as a standalone mastering application. Version 3.5.1 is the latest at the time of this review.
T-RackS Standard comes with the 4 ‘classic’ processors and metering suite as individual plugins also available within the T-Racks Shell or standalone.
T-Racks Deluxe has all the same functionality but adds a few more processors for a total of 9 including two analog modelled devices, the Fairchild Limiter and Pultec Tube Equalizer.
Each of the processors are also available for $99 each. The two newest additions to the T-RackS family – Black 76 Limiting Amplifier (modelled after Urei 1176), and White 2A Leveling Amplifier (Modelled after Urei LA2A Tube compressor/limiter), are only available as add-on purchases.
The decision to offer the individual processors was based on user feedback and common use. When T-RackS 3 was first released it was considered a mastering plugin, but users started liking the effects for mixing as well. Splitting up the system outside of the T-RackS Shell has made things much more convenient.
The Shell contains all the processors – up to 12 can be loaded in any order, series and parallel. You can load and save presets for individual modules or globally. The shell also contains the full metering module with Peak, Perceived loudness, Phase, correlation and frequency spectrum metering. Each of these can be adjusted to suit the user. The Shell contains four buttons to AB(CD) 4 complete effect chains along with a “copy to” button. Lastly, at the top-right the compare button allows you to compare your processing to the volume adjustable source.
The standalone version adds several more features to the shell. Below the metering section is the playlist. You can drop in all your files to process, or reference. Changing tracks in the playlist will start a new empty chain with all settings saved for all previous tracks. There is a waveform display so you can trim in, and out points and fades. The waveform display is also where you can use snapshot automation for the processing chain.
The final notable feature in Standalone mode is ARC integration. ARC is a room compensation system sold separately
Basically, running T-RackS 3 outside of the DAW let’s you load any number of stereo audio files, process them and export to new files including sample rate, bit depth conversion with dithering.
One of the benefits of working in standalone mode is the semi-closed system without access to your hundreds of other VST plugins. You can focus on using the excellent tools available in T-RackS.
On the other hand, I already have a pretty good mastering workflow and template in REAPER. One of the things I’ve been doing lately is parallel MS compression which pumps up the RMS level, solidifies the centre channel and widens the overall image. I can do this with the parallel chain but I like having my reference tracks, source track, processed track and parallel effects layer out on faders in front of me. This is beyond the ability of T-RackS shell or standalone.
Another trick is to do band-specific upward compression. Kind of like splitting up a multi-band compressor to separate tracks for each range. By using the linear phase EQ (and latency compensation on in the DAW) you avoid the nasty phase shift you’d normally get trying to blend a band-passed signal in with the full-range source.
5 of the 9 processors allow linked stereo, dual mono, and Mid-Side operation which opens up some creative possibilities without the hassle of encoding and decoding manually MS or splitting the tracks to dual mono manually.
All the single plugins could be successfully wrapped and used with Automap and my Nocturn Keyboard. There are probably too many parameters in the EQ’s to use automap but all the dynamics modules work great with some hands-on controls.
One feature I’d really like is a sidechain input for all the compressors, or at least an internal sidechain filter like the Classic Compressor.
The Linear EQ is for corrections, 670 is for glue or widening if required, Tube EQ for wide tone shaping. The Clipper and Brickwall Limiter work together to get things loud. I find setting these up first, then jumping back to the corrective EQ to be a good strategy.
I’m going to deviate from the review for a second to applaud IK Multimedia for dramatically improving their authorization process. The new Authorization Manager makes online activation very simple now. I’ve heard complaints and fumbled my way through the old method many times and it was confusing. Now, effortless. Thanks IK!
In the deluxe package you get both clean (opto and classic) compressors, and the colourful Fairchild model. You also get two clean EQ’s (classic and linear) and the vibey vintage Pultec model.
The Clipper module is excellent to push up your master levels but it’s also great in the mix where you don’t want to hear a change dynamics or tone but just want to set a ceiling for the track. Kick and snare is where I’m often using the Clipper, the hard knew can sharpen the attack and make it cut through the mix and soft knee is very transparent.
I don’t often need a linear phase EQ but when I do, I want something good. The T-RackS Linear EQ is great, so much better than the very expensive Waves ones I’ve used.
There are a few areas where I see IK could stand to improve T-RackS, small things but I think they’re worth saying.
In the chain view of T-RackS Shell, an easy way to rearrange modules, such as drag & drop, would be nice.
Button to open the user guide. There are no tool tips explaining what the various functions do and the manual is actually saved somewhere you won’t find it.
Adjustable graph scale for EQ modules. 40dB of gain is far more than you’d ever need in mastering. I’d like an option to limit the graph to +/- 6 and 12dB.
I’m interested to see where IK Multimedia takes T-RackS next. The Black 76 and White 2A compressor/limiters are not devices typically found in mastering but are essential rock mixing tools. I’d like to see more classic hardware like the Distressor, Massive Passive, and if we’re going with mixing tools, a Roland Space Echo and EMT Plate.
I’d also like to see IK’s take on console and tape simulations which yes, are the thing everyone is doing, but certainly essential mixing and mastering tools.
I have no insider info and I don’t want to start any rumours but I would not be surprised to see a couple new additions to T-Racks in 2012.
Learning T-RackSI only skimmed through the manual but I did watch the great Groove3 tutorial hosted by Michael Costa on mastering with T-Racks, and it’s actually a great general mastering primer. It’s currently on sale for $10. Check that out here: Mastering With T-Racks
Also available is The Official Guide to T-RackS by Bobby Owsinski. If you’re looking to go beyond the manual and want an in-depth, plain english explanation of the effects and WHY you’d use them, check it out: Mixing and Mastering with IK Multimedia T-RackS – The Official Guide
T-Racks 3 Deluxe is an awesome bundle of audio effects for mixing and mastering. At the current promotional price, especially for upgrades, it’s a fantastic deal. The software is a few years old now but still holds up well vs the competition and is still being updated. There is currently a promotion and group buy for T-Racks 3 Deluxe, click here for more details.
@theaudiogeek awesome review! I love TRacks and I’m still learning about it. I have Bobby Owsinski’s ebook and it’s great.
[…] T-RackS Black 76 and White 2A Earlier this month I reviewed T-RackS 3 Deluxe. This review is for the two newest (already a year old) additions to T-RackS. The Black 76 and White […]
Popular Communications Magazine - December Popular Communications was a magazine with content relating to the radio hobby, Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec. , , , , Popular Communications was a magazine with content relating to the radio hobby, including In late-December , CQ Communications announced that they would cease publication of the printed version of Popular Communications.
Get the subscription to Popular Communications and get your Digital Magazine on Popular Communications. Dec BUY ISSUE. DESCRIPTION; DETAILS. Simply go to the Popular Communications website to download your copies ( download by clicking on the November and December front. A World Wide Web-based communications company offering online Hex Hub: Named Hexadecimal Color Codes for HTML, Mobile Hex Hub! *popular*.
Popular Communications was a monthly printed magazine based in the They announced in December that the print edition of the. material that has appeared over the years in Popular Communications magazine, from the first issue in September through the last in December (a. Many back issue of Popular Communications are available for purchase. A single issue mailing to a avaliany.coms is $; mailing to Canada & Mexico $
We are committed to developing qualifications that meet the requirements of the relevant apprenticeship frameworks as well as the needs of employers throughout Wales.
Qualifications that can be used for apprenticeships are endorsed by the relevant skills sector council. They are mapped to its national occupational standards.
Each qualification meets the requirements of size and specifies the number of credits associated with competency and knowledge and the total number of learning hours that must be achieved to meet the framework.
We provide the complete apprenticeship qualification package, this makes us the perfect partner for providers looking to simplify their Apprenticeship administration by working with one dedicated Awarding Body.
We have developed a suite of qualifications that meet the requirements of over 30 Apprenticeship Frameworks, covering a variety of different sectors.
Agored Cymru’s Essential Skills Wales Qualifications are the perfect accompaniment to our apprenticeship qualifications. The full suite of Essential Skills Qualifications is available to our centres. We can help you include these vital skills as part of your apprenticeship programmes;
Although these important skills do not currently require accreditation, they still need to be evidenced as part of an apprenticeship programme. To assist centres with this Agored Cymru has developed an accredited unit covering these skills. The unit is a great way for centres to evidence and recognise the learners understanding of employee rights and responsibilities.
If you're a fan of Spoleto's little brother (but more numerous) events of Piccolo Spoleto, then know that the tickets are now on sale and the brochure is out.
Get tickets at the Piccolo Spoleto Festival Box Office at the City of Charleston Office of Cultural Affairs, 180 Meeting Street, Suite 200. (Until May 21: Open Mon.-Fri. 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m.; May 22 to June 13: Open Mon.-Fri. 8:30 a.m. - 8 p.m., Sat.-Sun. 10 a.m. - 8 p.m.)
Or the Charleston Visitor Center at 375 Meeting Street from May 5 to June 13 daily from 9 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Giant Hawk Media is not responsible for the content of external sites. By posting text, links, and imagery on this site you recognize that you are entirely responsible for each item posted.
Our fantastic looking super functional site enables job seekers to upload their CV to our CV library
This is a discussion forum for arborists, tree surgeons and forestry workers. Participate in arboric
The company was started by Tony Castle in 1979 when Arboriculture was starting to become the new ter
Tree Choppers have been helping property owners to find local tree surgeons, arborists, tree care an
Since it was founded in 1984 Tree Fella Ltd has become a prodigious Arboricultural and Green Waste Recycling Company. With local offices we can provide professional high quality
Since it was founded in 1984 Tree Fella Ltd has become a prodigious Arboricultural and Green Waste Recycling Company. With local offices we can provide professional high quality tree care throughout East Anglia, London and the Home Counties. We are committed to providing a professional and quality service to all customers ranging from the individual to Councils and large corporate bodies.
We have fully licensed green waste facility, and the compost produced is PAS100 certified, further enhancing our adherence to quality and high standards Tree Fella is proud to have gained Arboricultural Association Approved Contractor Status andCHAS accreditation, ISO 14001, ISO 9001, ISO 18001, and BSI PAS 100.
Based on its expertise and knowledge Tree Fella offers a comprehensive Arboricultural and Silviculture service. This service covers all aspects of tree surgery, from planting a single tree, to entire tree management and maintenance programmes, including tree surveys by our own qualified consultants.
Following the merger with Eastwood Tree Services in Suffolk in 2008, (who bring with them over 20 years experience in the industry), we have increased our coverage to include London, Essex, Kent, Suffolk, Norfolk and Cambridgeshire.
The additional expertise within our plant health care and recycling divisions has enabled us to develop a range of fully recycled organic mulches to aid in establishment, maintenance and remedial care of trees and plants.
Tree Fella formed its own recycling division in 1995. With our specialist knowledge and machinery it is able to offer a comprehensive service in the recycling of wood and green waste. Tree Fella also specialises in composting organic arisings, for which its licensed site is able to offer many kinds of soil improver.
Tree Fella provides a green waste recycling facility for local councils from kerbside collection and civic amenity sites as well as trade waste from landscapers and tree surgeons. Tree Fella’s Green Waste Recycling is at the forefront of composting technology. The compost undergoes a rigorous system of composting as specified in the BSI PAS 100 standard.
Tree Fella has now developed into the multifaceted company it is today providing not only arboriculture, but also offer the following services:
The leading Welsh training provider and assessment centre for all your Land-Based, Forestry, Trees & Timber needs. Working with Centres of Excellence across Europe and managing
Welcome to One Ash Training One Ash Training Limited was founded in 2008 by Mike and Dorothy Sumner and is located at One Ash Farm, Cronton, near Widnes, close to Junction 6 of th
Subscribe to our weekly newsletter to keep yourself updated with all latest listing and happening on ArbKit Directory...
Alzheimer’s affects about 5.3 million people in the U.S. today. It is a progressive, degenerative disorder caused by damaged brain cells and causes problems with memory, thinking, and speaking skills, as well as behavior changes. Although there is no cure for Alzheimer's disease, researchers have found that these 4 daily habits started early in life can dramatically reduce your risk for developing the disease.
#1 - Get up and move - research from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign showed that people who exercise three or more times a week for 15 to 30 minutes a session are less likely to develop Alzheimer’s disease. The exercise can include anything physical, such as walking, swimming, riding a bike or even dancing.
#2- Socialize - as some people age, they often become less social and even isolate themselves. Research from the Rush Alzheimer’s Disease Center in Chicago showed that older adults who spend more time with others have a 70 percent lower rate of memory decline over a 12-year period than older adults who are not social.
#3 - Eat healthy - especially antioxidant-rich, anti-inflammatory foods can lower the risk of Alzheimer’s disease as much as 53 percent over nearly five years, according to research from Rush University Medical Center in Chicago. Examples of foods good for the brain include leafy greens, vegetables, nuts, berries, beans, whole grains, fish, poultry, olive oil, and wine.
#4 - Exercise your brain - it's good to not only exercise the body but equally important to exercise the mind. Keep the mind active by reading, doing crossword puzzles, playing board games, playing cards, helping grandchildren with their homework, learn a new language, take a course at the local community college. Do anything to keep your mind active, learning and healthy.
DISCLAIMER: The content or opinions expressed on this web site are not to be interpreted as medical advice. Please consult with your doctor or medical practictioner before utilizing any suggestions on this web site.
Ballet Magnificat is coming to Ontario, Canada, next week (March 16: Welland, March 19: Ottawa, March 20: Pembroke). You want to be there for several reasons:
The Story. Hiding Place is one of the most powerful stories of the past hundred years. It recounts the Ten Boom family’s hiding of Jewish people during the Holocaust in Holland and the price they paid for doing so.
The production. The medium of dance communicates the message of this extraordinary story in a way you will never forget. Ballet Magnificat is a professional Christian ballet company that combines excellence and passion in a most unusual way. You have to see it to believe it!
Hannah Gilman (Disclaimer! very personal and biased reason). This is the first time our daughter will be performing with Ballet Magnificat in Canada, not to mention her hometown of Ottawa! She recently has been promoted to full company member. It would mean so much to her to see as many friends (old and new) and family members there.
It’s a fund raiser. Proceeds of the Welland performance go to “Elisha House,” a local pregnancy and family support center. The Ottawa and Pembroke performances are fund raisers for “Ottawa Inner City Ministries,” an organization that works among the homeless in Ottawa.
Services Defense and Aerospace Manufacturing 3, 4, and 5-axis Milling Turning Punching Forming Chemical Conversion Coating Welding Plating Paint and Powder Mechanical Assembly Programmable CMM Inspection ASTec Metalworks Inc. is a collection of successful and experienced Engineering, Manufacturing, and Quality Control professionals. With decades of experience in production and prototype manufacturing. We offer the highest quality parts and services available today with an unbeatable on time delivery rating and the ability to meet your most challenging requirements. Web Design by Graphical Media Services Copyright 2010 Astec Metalworks, Inc. OKK 5-Axis Machining
Winniford Resources at RootsWeb.com - The Internet's oldest and largest FREE genealogical community. An award winning genealogical resource with searchable databases, free Web space, mailing lists, message boards, and more.
Winniford Search at Genealogy.com - Access online data collections and CDs for vital historical records to fill the gap in your family tree research.
Ancestry World Tree entries for Winniford - The Ancestry World Tree contains more than 250 million names in family trees and is the largest collection of its kind on the Internet.
Rootsweb Homepage Search for Winniford - Find thousands of homepages with this powerful site-wide search engine.
Winniford Matches in the U.S. Immigration Collection - Discover your immigrant ancestors' homelands and learn the details of their journeys to America. Explore more than 10 million names from passenger lists and naturalization records spanning the 1500s to the 1900s!
Winniford Message Board at GenForum - Get in touch with other researchers from all over the world at GenForum, a part of the Community area at Genealogy.com.
Search the U.S. Federal Census Collection for Winniford - Fill the pages of your family history with the U.S. Federal Census Images and Indexes (1790-1930). Find obscure family facts like age, residence, occupation and more.
Search the Genealogy Register for Winniford - Thousands of links to free online census records, passenger lists, vital records, obituaries, military rosters, surname homepages, and more!
Search Cemetery Records for Winniford - Search thousands of transcribed cemetery lists with our new cemetery records search engine!
Funeral cards are an overlooked free genealogical resource. They often contain Birth and Death years and are a substitute for birth and death records (Vital Records). Now they are not a true substitute for vital records but it's a good place to start! To find out what are true Vital Records see Genealogy Without Sources is Mythology
Unfortunately these death records are scattered and there has not been a repository for funeral cards until now. I'm trying to create the best funeral card database on the net. If you have death records such as funeral cards, please give them a home by submitting them to Ancestors At Rest.
A memento for Lieutenant Col. J. Dansereau, died in 1888, Vercheres, father in law of LA Senecal, Senateur, Legion of Honor, died 1887.
Or try a Trial Access on Ancestry.com Ancestry has more genealogy records than any site on the net and they often have free trials and special promotions.
If you have a transcription or a photo of death records (cemetery listings, funeral cards, death cards, coffin plates, church records etc) help build this database by submitting your death records
***You must delete the word REMOVE in my email address before sending to me or it won't work. So the real address is ancestorsatrest followed by the @ then the last bit gmail.com Sorry but spammers make this roundabout method of emailing necessary!***
This Death Records Database is an ongoing project and I have many more funeral cards to add so check back often.
Search All categoriesAdvertising GeneralAerospace GeneralAgriculture GeneralAirlines GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11 GeneralApparel GeneralApple Products GeneralArchitectural GeneralArchitecture ArchitectureArt & Entertainments Books Celebrities Country Music Dance Magazines Movies Museums Music Music Downloads News & Talk Shows Performing Arts Photography Television Web SitesArts/Culture GeneralAuction GeneralAutomotive Aftermarket Classic Autos Consumer Publications General Motorcycle & Bike Racing Recreational Vehicle Repair & Service Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media Blogging & Social MediaBusiness Advertising / Marketing Books Consumer Research Direct Marketing e-Commerce Entrepreneurs Finance Franchise Human Resources Insurance Investment Management Markets Network Marketing Online Marketing / SEO Payday Loans Public Relations Publications Real Estate Retail Stocks Supermarkets Women in BusinessCareers/HR GeneralChemical GeneralCoaching / Mentoring Coaching / MentoringComputers Apple Products Databases Games & Entertainment General Hosting Instruction Linux / GNU "Open Source" Macintosh Microsoft Windows PC Operating Systems Programming Security Software Tablet PCs UtilitiesConstruction GeneralConsumer Gifts and Collectibles Hobbies Web sites / InternetDesign Graphic Design Industrial WebE-Cigarette GeneraleCommerce GeneralEconomy GeneralEducation College / University General Home Schooling K-12 Post Graduate TechnicalElectronics GeneralEmail Marketing GeneralEmailWire Press Releases Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers GeneralEngineering GeneralEntertainment GeneralEnvironment GeneralEvents / Trade Shows GeneralFinance GeneralFood GeneralFranchise GeneralFraud / Identity Theft GeneralGaming GeneralGovernment General Judicial Law Enforcement Legislative Local National Public Services Security State TransportationHealthcare GeneralHome and Family Banking / Personal Finance Bereavement / Loss Home Furnishings / Interiors Landscaping & Gardening Marriage / Relationships Money Parenting Payday Loans Pets Taxes Wedding / BridalHome Schooling GeneralHotels/Resorts GeneralHousehold GeneralIndustry Aerospace / Defense Agriculture Apparel / Textiles Broadcast Construction / Building Electrical Food Funeral Healthcare Leisure / Hospitality Logistics / Shipping Manufacturing / Production Mining / Metals Oil / Energy Paper / Forest Products Plumbing, Heating & AC Print Media Printing Publishing Radio Restaurants Tobacco ToyInsurance GeneralInternet/Online GeneralLegal GeneralLeisure GeneralLifestyle Beauty Dating / Singles Diet / Weight Loss Fashion Food / Beverage Health & Fitness Hotel / Resorts Pastimes Restaurants Retirement Travel & TourismMachinery GeneralMaritime GeneralMedical Addiction Allergies Alternative Medicine Asthma Cancer Cardiology Chiropractic Dental Dermatology Diabetes Emergency Family Medicine General General Geriatrics Hospitals Infectious Diseases Internal Medicine Managed Care / HMO Medical Products Mental Health Neurology Nursing Nutrition OB / GYN Pediatrics Pharmaceuticals Physical Therapy Plastic Surgery Psychology Radiology / Imaging Research Sports Medicine Surgery VisionMilitary GeneralMining/Metals GeneralMiscellaneous GeneralNanotechnology NanotechnologyNon-profit GeneralOccupational Safety Occupational SafetyOil/Energy GeneralOpinion / Editorial Opinion / EditorialPaper Products GeneralPaper/Forest GeneralPharmaceuticals GeneralPodcasting Announce Tools and ServicesPolitics PoliticsPrint Media GeneralPublic Utilities Public UtilitiesPublishing GeneralRadio GeneralReal Estate GeneralReligion Christian General Islam Jewish OtherRestaurants GeneralRetail GeneralRSS & Content Syndication RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding GeneralSociety African American Interests Asian Interests Childrens Issues Disabled Issues / Disabilities Gay / Lesbian Hispanic Mens Interests Native American Senior Citizens Social Services Teen Issues/Interests Womens InterestSoftware GeneralSports Baseball Basketball Bicycling Boating / Maritime Bowling Boxing Fishing Football Golf Hockey Hunting Martial Arts Outdoors Rugby Soccer Tennis Water Winter/SnowSports/Fitness GeneralStocks GeneralSupermarkets GeneralTechnology Biotechnology Computer Electronics Enterprise Software Games Graphics/Printing/CAD Hardware / Peripherals Industrial Information Internet Multimedia Networking Public Sector/Government Robotics Semiconductor Software Telecommunications WebmastersTelecom General WirelessTelevision GeneralTobacco GeneralTrade GeneralTransportation GeneralTravel GeneralUtilities GeneralVolunteer VolunteerWeather Weather
1. Κάθε προσφορά είναι δεσμευτική για τον αγοραστή και αθέτηση της αγοράς σημαίνει αρνητική αξιολόγηση ώστε να μη χρεώνομαι έξοδα πώλησης στο emarket. ΔΕΝ στέλνω αντικαταβολές και λόγω έξτρα χρέωσης των ΕΛΤΑ και γιατί αρκετές φορές δεν παραλαμβάνουν οι αγοραστές με αποτέλεσμα την επιβάρυνσή μου και την ταλαιπωρία των προϊόντων.
The main purpose is to create a space to discuss, reflect and experiment with creativity, creative processes and creative tools of relevance for students.
The ASRC focuses on CUNY initiatives in five dynamic fields of applied science: Nanoscience, Photonics, Structural Biology, Neuroscience, and Environmental Sciences. Through its innovative architectural design, the center reflects a uniquely collaborative culture, where scientists work across disciplines to take on some of global science’s most vital and tantalizing challenges.
In New York, Mayor Bill de Blasio and Carmen Fariña, the schools chancellor, have disappointed school diversity advocates by failing to make integration a priority. The set-asides plan, approved by Ms. Fariña in November, was the first attempt at addressing the issue across multiple schools.
Community radio stations typically cover a small geographical area with a coverage radius of up to 5km and run on a not-for-profit basis. They can cater for whole communities or for different areas of interest. Community radio stations reflect a diverse mix of cultures and interests. But rather than ‘talk at’ its community, the station should become a central part of it.
Fred C. Dobbs and Bob Curtin, both down on their luck in Tampico, Mexico in 1925, meet up with a grizzled prospector named Howard and decide to join with him in search of gold in the wilds of central Mexico. Through enormous difficulties, they eventually succeed in finding gold, but bandits, the elements, and most especially greed threaten to turn their success into disaster.
New with box: A brand-new, unused, unworn and undamaged item in its original packaging (such as the original box or bag) and/or with the original tags attached.See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab... Read moreabout the condition
Food production, land use, and the building of community are interconnected themes. What is the relationship between the local food movement, farming and how we look at issues such as agribusiness, GMOs, and man-made chemicals? How has the preservation of land and natural resources become vital? The various local food movements found across the country have helped build their communities and created new economies.
Two pieces from Aaron Wilder's "End Water?" series are included in the exhibition and focus on the intersection of politics and agriculture on the timely subject of drought.
Having grown up in the desert of southern Arizona, Wilder is no stranger to water scarcity. He moved to California in 2015 in the midst of the most impactful drought in the state's history since 1895. Since farms in California consume 80% of water used by humans in the state, Wilder was drawn to the farming industry to document what he could witness of the drought's impact. This body of work represents what he documented in the Central Valley, an area covering 20,000 square miles, containing approximately 17% of the United States' irrigated land, and producing more than 250 types of crops. Through this limited photographic investigation, Wilder seeks to generate dialogue about our relationship to water and commodities we consume that rely on water. How much of the impact of the drought on the farming industry can actually be seen in these photographs. When farmers feel forced to fallow land that could be productive in times of better water availability, what are the broader economic impacts on labor, commodity prices, and import/export? What is our responsibility as consumers of water and agricultural commodities in times of drought? Is there parity between water conservation efforts between urban and rural environments? Given the trends of climate change and the unsustainable population growth in comparison to water availability, how can we best adjust as human beings to the potentiality of greater water scarcity in the future?
Browse through our escort directory to find escorts and agencies, independent adult call girls and sex massage services that suit your needs then return to our site to rate those services. Escorts Berlin, Munich, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Dusseldorf, Cologne, Nuernberg Germany. Celebrate in style with Red Million Escort Hamburg. International Elite Companion. Escort Frankfurt. Sexy College girls escorts in Frankfurt and other cities in Germany. Let us organise Enjoy my independent BBW escort service. Welcome to Luxury Lady Budapest! Luxury Lady Escort Agency provides all the customers with the highest quality of service and gives opportunities to satisfy even the most demanding gentlemen who aim for the best. Therefore, the enormous variety of extraordinary women that is offered by this agency was created in.
Butt sex escort south africa We will be very happy to plan and book your escort service here in Germany. All of the content is checked regularly so you can be confident that everything is up denmark bristol vip escorts date. The view across the river Danube to the Royal Palace is almost as stunning as the divine beauty of your escort model. Even when the sun rises on the river Danube, the nightlife that you can enjoy together with our sweet female escorts in Budapest is far from over! Login or sign up. Discover the city together with our deluxe female escorts Budapest, and let your escort girl show you the majestic flair of this fabulous city Please enter the required information.
Sex Paris Escort 4. Our charming escorts will fascinate you on so many levels. Anna Karolina - An alluring brunette. Los Angeles CA Escorts | Punterlink Escort Directory. Comprehensive list of Escorts, Escort Agencies, Massage Parlours and Strip Clubs. Escort stories. Sex workers in Rio de Janeiro NEW. Because I like football and this year's world cup is in Brazil, I am willing to present you few interesting places from Rio de Janeiro. I am sure that everyone heard about this beautiful city, where in this period a lot of escort models and porn star escorts are . Watch Budapest Escort Hungary In Sex porn videos for free, here on Pornhub. com. Sort movies by Most Relevant and catch the best Budapest Escort Hungary In Sex movies now!.
“Breakfast was very good. The room had a balcony, like all rooms I think, which wasn't clear to me when booking. As a smoker especially I loved this. Nice swimming pool. Only 12000cop for a taxi to the historical center. “
Category Apparel and FashionBeauty and JewelleryBook and MoviesCamera and OpticsCar and Bike AccessoriesComputers and GamingElectronics and AppliancesHome and LivingMobiles and Tablets Sports and FitnessToys and KidsTravel
Disclaimer : Product colour may slightly vary due to photographic lighting sources or your monitor settings
Computers and Gaming: Desktop and Acessories | Game Consoles and Accessories | Laptops and Accessories | Storage and Gadgets
Electronics and Appliances: Home and Kitchen Appliances | Home Gadgets and Accessories | Portable Audio and Video | TV and Home Theatre
You’ve decided to learn the Guitar. The easy part unfortunately is over now. To help you ease over the difficult decision we’ve put together the Top 10 things you should consider before buying an Acoustic Guitar.
Have you been struggling to solve the Rubik’s Cube? Are you keen to learn the simplest way to solve the Rubik’s Cube? We’re happy to share with you the simplest way to solve it. We’ve found a resource online where you can learn the solution in just 15 minutes and are glad to share it with you for your reference with all due credit to its author.
Alfa Torres designs and manufactures high security doors for the biggest facility of bank data in Europe. BNP Paribas, one of the leading Financial Groups in Corporate & Investment Banking with presence in over 80 countries worldwide, has launched the project of the Data...
ALFA TORRES remodeling works in SMP Automative Technology Group production plant SMP is a leader in Europe in the transformation of plastics for the automotive industry. The business group to which it belongs has more than 70,000 employees and a presence in over 25 countries...
Alfa Torres has provided solutions for the renovation of the building of the Rey Juan Carlos I Hotel in Barcelona by designing, manufacturing and installing hinged fire doors, sliding fire doors and fireproof curtains. The Rey Juan Carlos I Hotel in...
Grupo Danone has conducted a reform of the production plant in Sant Hilari Sacalm Font Vella and has counted on Talleres Alfa Torres to perform the adaptation of its facilities to the current door legislation One of the...
Alfa Torres conducts the floor sectorisation of the building under construction Cuatrecases in the 22@ district, Barcelona 22 @ Barcelona is a district based on an initiative which took two hundred hectares of industrial land of Poblenou neighbourhood to...
Alfa Torres has manufactured, supplied and installed fire doors in Mora d’Ebre Hospital while it was functioning regularly and at the public’s disposal. Mora d’Ebre Hospital is a health center integrated in the Hospital Chain of Public...
Dicoro is a chain of furniture stores addressed to households with an important positioning in both Catalonia and Madrid. Dicoro has chosen Sant Boi del Llobregat (Barcelona) to establish one of the three branch offices it has in Catalonia, it was opened in 2013. Its...
If you are looking for a 3,300 square meters space completely focused on gastronomy from every viewpoint possible, the place to go is El Mercat, which is a commercial center placed in Les Glòries, Barcelona. This unique and singular space...
Last August 2015, Alfa Torres manufactured and installed a Roller Door with a Automated and Micro-Perforated Profile with measures 1800 width and 5000 height. Generally, Micro-Perforated Profile favour a proper room-ventilation. The Roller Door was manufactured at the...
Alfa Torres designs and manufactures high security doors for the biggest facility of bank data in Europe. BNP Paribas, one of the leading Financial Groups in Corporate & Investment Banking with presence in over 80...
ALFA TORRES remodeling works in SMP Automative Technology Group production plant SMP is a leader in Europe in the transformation of plastics for the automotive industry. The business group to which it belongs has more than 70,...
Alfa Torres has provided solutions for the renovation of the building of the Rey Juan Carlos I Hotel in Barcelona by designing, manufacturing and installing hinged fire doors, sliding fire doors and fireproof curtains...
Mission - Our purpose Our professional determination is to design, manufacture, market, and assembly. All in all, our main task is to install and maintain all type of industrial closing systems and sectoring...
In Alfa Torres we are continuously looking for the excellence in our results and to do so, we create lasting relationships based on trust, respecting our core values​ at all stages​: Honesty, Responsibility, Discipline...
Alfa Torres is the main company of a corporate group with more than 96 years of experience in the industrial door sector, sectoring fire doors, and industrial automation. Alfa Torres has a clear ...
Tango : is new Unbounce template made for Startup projects. It also can be used for multi purpose. We hope you like it!General Features
Secret Fast Food Items is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Which Baby Food Has Iron is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Kimberly Hart portrayed by Amy Jo Johnson. I don't own anything, am not affiliated with any of them.
Project Management Software Professional certification or PMP training because it is also known is really a specialized training course for senior managers and professionals who would like to enhance their credentials in addition to job profile. Stepping into PMP classes and finishing PMP training can produce a massive difference for your career when it comes to promotions and salary perks.
However, getting admission in to the PMP training course isn’t an easy task. Working out course is difficult to hack and needs great deal of time and energy. In the finish from it all of the course is certainly worth the effort though.
To become qualified for PMP classes you have to have years of project management software experience and understanding, right educational qualification and many years of job experience. Let’s take particular notice in the needs and eligibility criteria for PMP classes or course:
• 5 years of project management software experience is essential for individuals who’ve only Senior High School diploma or equivalent degree. Total experience should also include over seven 1000 hrs ready of leadership.
• 3 years of project management software experience is needed for those individuals candidates who’ve bachelor’s degree or equivalent educational qualification. Total experience must include over four 1000 hrs of expertise in leadership position.
To achieve admittance to PMP classes it’s not enough to achieve the right educational qualification and experience alone. To be able to be eligible for a PMP training course candidates should also pass an extensive entrance examination. The doorway examination gets control four hrs to accomplish and it has greater than 200 multiple choice questions.
It’s particularly made to test or assess the planning, execution, leadership and working together abilities of future project managers. The pc bases examination also evaluates the candidates on their own feeling of social and ethical responsibility.
PMP classes or course is becoming very famous recent occasions because of the benefits it provides. Employers locate a competent project manager able to take fast decisions in occasions of crunch in addition to planning and executing projects on their own won. PMP training obviously goes a lengthy means by honing individuals skills from the candidates to turn out trained, qualified and assured leaders able to take up assembling your shed and creating a success from it.
PMP classes therefore may have a huge effect on your job, it can assist you to land that dream promotion you’ve been searching at for such a long time. Consider getting began today.
With the help of PMP training, you will be able to manage your human resources for the project. It starts with the development of human resource plan, acquiring and developing project team and finally managing the developed project team.
An online reader complained that a story ‘ATSB investigates fatal plane crash in Adelong’ was accompanied by an image from an unrelated plane crash.
The ABC acknowledged that reasonable efforts were not made to ensure that material facts were accurate and presented in context. The image was removed from the story and an Editor’s Note was added.
We design, develop and manufacture the world’s finest surface care and protection treatments and coatings.
According to official page of Alexa, the Alexa rank is calculated using a "combination" of the estimated average unique daily visitors to the website and the estimated pageviews number on the site over the past three months. Website with the highest combination of pageviews and unique visitors are being ranked as number one.
We constantly check Alexa ratings, so this percentage shows how many times Bilthamber.com appeared in Alexa rankings.
Quantcast is an American technology company, founded in 2006, that specializes in audience measurement and real-time advertising. The company offers public access to traffic and demographic data for millions of Web sites and detailed user insights to digital publishers enrolled in its Quantified Publisher Program. Their data centers process more than 800,000 transactions per second and the company states that it produces accurate audience measurement to over 100 million web destinations. As of 2013, it was said to be one of the world's top five big data processing organisations. Its headquarters is in San Francisco, with offices in New York, Chicago, London and Dublin.
Children IP shows IP addresses starting with certain values and Hosted domains shows a few websites that are hosted within certain IP range.
This blog is expression of joy, of being in love with Sadhguru. Please Check www.ishafoundation.org for details. Enjoy the Spiritual Music Jukebox with over 200+ musicals. My email id : Fidarose.isha@gmail.com. Suggestions and Feedbacks are Welcome.
I shall close my physical eyes and dismiss the temptation of matter. I shall peer through the darkness of silence until my eyes of relativity open into the one inner eye of light. When my two eyes of good and evil become single, and behold only the divine goodness of God in everything, then I shall find my body, mind, and soul filled with His omnipresent light.
This week on Mystic Chants, we bring to you the next chant in the Vairagya series – the Guru Paduka Stotram. This is a very powerful rendition of a well-known chant that glorifies the ‘sandals of the Guru’, which are symbolically represented as ‘the boat to help cross the endless ocean of life.’ This chant will enable those who listen to become receptive to the Guru’s Grace.
If grace is not available to you or you are not available to grace, it does not matter how much money you have, how much wealth you have, whatever nonsense you have, you will not live a beautiful life. A Guru’s grace is not some airy thing that you imagine. It is a very physical presence. It’s as physical as the breeze that you feel. It’s as physical as the sunlight.
What you refer to as the Guru is just a certain energy, a certain possibility. It is not the person. A certain person has only become a representative of that energy and that space. If you have to see, it is light that you need, not the light bulb. But right now that particular light bulb happens to be the source of light. So you tend to think “I cannot exist without the light bulb.” On one level it is true. But the nature of the Guru is not limited to time and space. So it is not because you sit next to the light bulb you get the maximum light. You could be a thousand miles away and you may receive more grace than the person who is right now sitting next to that person.
Success will not come to you without grace. Somehow, one way or the other you have to learn to be receptive to grace. Just your mental state may make you receptive, the way you keep your body may make you receptive, the way you keep your emotions may make you receptive or you have more complex methods, you understand the mechanics of how it works and you become receptive. But without grace there will be no success. You maybe brilliant but still you will be a failure. You may be immensely capable still you will be a failure.
But a moment of grace, and suddenly you will see everything will be successful. For you to be peaceful, for you to be happy, you can do it from within. If you know how to keep your body and your mind, you can do these things. But being successful in what you’re doing will not happen without grace. Without the lubricant of grace your machine will not go too far. Everything will be an uphill task in your life. Most human beings do this to themselves because they are so full of themselves. They will not become available to grace. Everything in their life is hard work – education is hard work, going to work is hard work, marriage is one big hard work. But if you become very receptive to grace, you find everything is effortless because you are now a well-lubricated being.
For the free download of the Guru Paduka Stotram, please visit the Sounds of Isha website, here. As a part of the Mystic Chants series, we will be releasing the rest of the Vairagya chants, one every week for free. To support our efforts, you could also purchase the entire album online here. Stay tuned to this space for more.
The Nirvana Shatakam is towards this – you don’t want to be either this or that. If you don’t want to be this nor that, then what do you want to be? Your mind cannot understand this because your mind always wants to be something. If I say, “I don’t want to be this; I don’t want to be that,” you would think, “Oh something super!” Not super. “Oh, so emptiness?” Not emptiness. “Nothingness?” Not nothingness.
Sadhguru has mentioned that listening to the Vairagya chants for extended periods of time has certain benefits. Along with 10 minute version, we have made available a 1-hour version of the Nirvana Shatakam at the Sounds of Isha website, here.
As a part of the Mystic Chants series, we will be releasing the rest of the Vairagya chants, one every week for free. To support our efforts, you could also purchase the entire album online here. Stay tuned to this space for more.
When Bhagavan moved to Skandashram, Perumal Swami also went along with the others. Among the many attendants that gathered in the Ashram, there was one Yazhpani from Sri Lanka. (Sri Lanka was known as Yazhpanam. He was called Yazhpani.) He was a scrupulously clean person. He would sweep Skandashram daily and keep everything spotless. His reputation was equally spotless; whenever Bhagavan returned to the Ashram and leaves were scattered about, he would ask, ―Is Yazhpani not here?
Once, Yazhpani spread a paste of cow dung on the rough, soft earth of Skandashram, to make the ground smoother and harder. When Perumal Swami, who was somewhat like the manager of Skandashram, came and saw it while it was still wet and slippery, he became livid and shouted,
Yazhpani was a very sincere devotee of Bhagavan. He could not leave Bhagavan, but also wanted to obey the orders of the manager. Being a clever man, he tried to find a way out. There was a tall coconut tree inside Skandashram that protruded outside the Ashram grounds. Quickly he got onto the tree, climbed to the top of it, and stayed there. Now he was technically 'out' of the Ashram without leaving it! Everyone pleaded with him to come down, but he refused. At lunch, Bhagavan noticed that Yazhpani was missing. The other devotees then related what had happened.
Bhagavan got up, went toward the coconut tree and gently said, "Yazhpani, you may come and share the food."
Another day, Bhagavan was heard saying, "I had a notebook, in which I had written verses. A person from Uttarkasi took it, but has not returned it. It is several months now.''
Yazhpani disappeared for many days. He went to Uttarkasi, found the particular sadhu and fetched the notebook. He came back one day and presented it to Bhagavan. Bhagavan was very happy. Yazhpani told the other devotees that it had taken him several days, without a minute‘s rest, to fulfill the guru‘s need. That was the one-pointed devotion he had.
When another devotee asked, how Bhagavan felt when snakes crawled over his body, he replied laughingly, “Cool and soft.” - Bhagavan Ramana
Snakes were Bhagavan’s companions since the days on the hill. Bhagavan and snakes respected each other. They were the fellow lodgers in the caves on the hill. Bhagavan used to say, “We have come to their residence and we have no right to disturb or trouble them. They do not harm us.”
Bhagavan was completely at home with the snakes and other reptiles. They also had absolutely no fear of Bhagavan.
It is said that Sadhus extend their protection to all beings. This applied to Bhagavan who protected even poisonous creatures. He was stung by deadly scorpions at least on three occasions but nothing happened to him.
Once, a devotee wanted to know from Bhagavan whether it was true that he was friendly with snakes while living on the mountain. Bhagavan replied, “Yes, it is true. One particular snake crawled over my body. It was very friendly snake. At its touch my body used to feel as though it was tickled. The snake used to come and go whenever it liked, on it’s own accord.”
Dr. Sreenivas Rao, the Ashram doctor asked Bhagavan whether a snake had crept over his body. Bhagavan replied. “Yes, snakes raise their hood and look into your eyes. They seem to understand that they need not be afraid of me and then pass over me. It did not strike me either that I should do anything to it.”
When another devotee asked, how Bhagavan felt when snakes crawled over his body, he replied laughingly, “Cool and soft.”
Once, a snake crept into Skandasramam. Bhagavan’s mother was frightened when she saw the approaching cobra. But Bhagavan began walking towards the snake very calmly. As he did so, the snake began to withdraw and moved out. It withdrew into a crevice in the rocks. Bhagavan followed the snake to the crevice. The passage in the crevice ended against a rock wall. Being unable to escape, the snake all of a sudden turned towards Bhagavan and raised it’s hood and looked steadily at Bhagavan who in turn returned it’s gaze. The game of mutual hypnotizing went on for some time. The snake, presumably grasping that Bhagavan was harmless uncoiled and approached Bhagavan confidently. It almost touched his feet, and later slithered away. The same snake would often visit Skandasramam for Bhagavan’s ‘darshan’ even when he was amidst visitors. The snake would occasionally try to climb on Bhagavan, but he would not encourage it. There were two peacocks in the Ashram. When they danced, quite surprisingly this snake would also join them in their dance. The peacocks never hurt this snake.
There was another snake which would come to Bhagavan, go round him in Pradakshina three times. Bhagavan would say, “Go away. Visitors come here for darshan. Seeing you they will be frightened. Please go away.” And the snake would slither away!
At Skandasramam a peacock would follow Bhagavan everywhere. One day a huge black cobra appeared in the ashram and the peacock attacked it fiercely. The cobra spread its hood and the two natural enemies were poised to fight to death. When Bhagavan saw this, he understood the gravity of the situation. Bhagavan went near the cobra and said softly, “Why did you come here? That peacock will kill you. Better go away at once.” The cobra immediately lowered its hood and crawled away.
One morning, in December 1945, Chinnaswami and others saw a snake crawling near Bhagavan’s hall. People started shouting outside, “What kind of a snake is it? Beat it! Beat it!” When Bhagavan heard the sound of the beating of the snake he cried out, “Who is beating it?” Apparently this remonstration of Bhagavan was lost in the noise of the crowd, and the snake was killed. When Bhagavan came to know this he said, “If these persons are beaten like that, then they will know what it means to be beaten.”
Suri Nagamma tells on 23.5. 49 about a big green snake to be with Bhagavan in the Jubilee Hall. When Krishnaswami, Bhagavan's attendant pointed out that people might be afraid during the coming festival days Bhagavan said:
So saying Bhagavan looked at that snake for a while, steadfastly and graciously. Immediately after that, the snake, which was remaining still all the time they were discussing, got down the pandal rapidly, went into the flower-garden and disappeared.
With the death of my wife the bond between me and my family snapped. The desire to serve God had been in my mind for quite a long time. I gave up my job. I had heard a lot about Bhagavan. So I decided to go to Ramanasramam. Immediately after my arrival I was fortunate to be taken on the Ashram staff. I was looking after the Ashra
m’s correspondence. Still later I was asked to work in the kitchen. There I had the good fortune to work under Bhagavan’s direct supervision.
I was suffering for long from Asthma. It gave me a lot of trouble while cooking, but I never mentioned it to Bhagavan. I felt that I should endure it to the very end.
Bhagavan used to prepare various kinds of chutney, usually made of coconut with fragrant herbs and condiments. He was very fond of using the cheapest and most commonly found herbs and seeds and was a wizard in making wonderful dishes from the simplest ingredients. When something unusual was ready, he would give everybody in the kitchen a pinch to taste and we would take it with eyes closed, deeming it to be prasad. On one such occasion he gave me a pinch of some chutney and said, “This is medicine for you”. Without giving much thought to it I swallowed the titbit and soon realised that I was completely cured of asthma.
Once somebody complained to Bhagavan that the Ashram food was very pungent. He said, “When sattvic food is essential for spiritual practice how is it that the Ashram food is so heavily spiced”? Bhagavan explained that as long as the ingredients were pure and prepared in a pure place and in the proper way, seasoning was a matter of taste and habit and did not make food less sattvic.
An unwritten rule in the Ashram demanded that until the last meal was served and cleared, the workers should attend to their duties only. Sitting in meditation or in Bhagavan’s hall was strongly discouraged. The manager argued, with good reason, that devoted service to the Ashram was itself spiritual practice of the highest order and no other practice was needed. He would not allow us to linger in the hall during working hours, which was often tantalising because of the interesting discussions and happenings that were going on there. When we would sneak in and hide ourselves behind people’s backs, Bhagavan would look at us significantly, as if saying, “Better go to your work. Don’t ask for trouble”.
At night, after dinner, we would all collect around Bhagavan. The visitors would have left by that time and we had him all to ourselves. We felt like a big family collected after a day’s work. During this short hour Bhagavan would enquire about our welfare, chat with us, make us laugh, and also give instructions for the next day.
With time I realized that working with Bhagavan in the kitchen was not mere cooking, but definitely a form of spiritual training. The first lesson in spiritual education to learn, and to learn for good, is to obey the guru implicitly without questioning or using one’s own judgement in the least. Even if we knew a better way of doing it, we had to do it exactly as the Master told us. It might have appeared that by obeying him the work would be ruined, but still one had to obey. One must master this art of instantaneous and unquestioning obedience, for the secret of realization lies in this utter surrender and renunciation of one’s own judgement.
Bhagavan himself was an excellent cook and made a point of teaching us to cook properly. Cooking is the most rewarding work, for good cooks are usually poor eaters, and all profit goes to others. That is probably why Bhagavan selected cooking as a training ground for some of his devoted disciples.
It was Bhagavan’s order that the leftovers should be used as stock for the next day’s breakfast. Iddlies with sambar being the standard breakfast at the Ashram, the leftovers from the previous day would come in handy. Bhagavan would come into the kitchen in the early hours of the morning, warm the leftovers, dilute it and add some more ingredients for the morning sambar. The injunction against taking food from the previous day was very much respected among the higher castes. He insisted that avoidance of waste overrules everything else, and he would never permit God’s gifts to be thrown away. As to giving leftovers to beggars, it was not practicable, for he insisted that beggars be given the same food as everybody else and not some inferior stuff. Even dogs had to be fed from the common meal, and first, too!
Every morning just before breakfast Bhagavan would enter the kitchen. The vessels containing coffee, iddlies and sambar were kept ready, covered and shining bright. He would lift the lid, look inside and say, “This is coffee. These are iddlies. This is sambar”. We all felt that this consecrated the food before it was distributed to the visitors and inmates.
Once he came to the kitchen before dawn and put some of the previous day’s soup on the fire for heating. Some leaves were washed and cut and he told me to mix them in the soup and continue mixing until they lost their bright green colour. For a long time he did not return. The leaves would not change colour, the soup was getting dry and I was afraid there might be no sambar for breakfast. Bhagavan came in just before breakfast. “What, you are still mixing”? he asked with a bright smile. He was pleased that I had implicitly obeyed him and asked me to continue mixing. The gravy was ready in time and was delicious.
Once Bhagavan was frying a large quantity of condiments in a big iron pan over a strong fire. I was standing beside him when he quietly asked me to remove the pan from the fire at once. Probably he saw that more heating would burn the spices. There was nothing nearby to hold the pan with, so I caught the pan with my bare hands, lifted it and put it on the ground. I was not at all afraid to touch the hot iron, nor was I surprised that I could lift it without feeling its weight. The surprise came later when I realized how utterly impossible was all that had happened. It was a striking instance of the power of obedience to one’s guru.
Sometimes I was fortunate enough to be able to serve food to Bhagavan with my own hands. I studied carefully how I should serve to please him and was very alert and careful. Yet he would be more alert than me and notice the slightest mistake. “Why did you serve me more than usual? Do I need more food today than yesterday? And why do I get more sweets and dainties than others? How do you dare to make distinctions”? People nearby would plead for me. “No, Bhagavan”, they would say, “Sundaram did not serve you more. Look, we got as much as you did”. But Bhagavan would not be easily appeased. “You do not know, the ego is strong in him. His giving preference to me is the working of his ego”. I could not find out where I was at fault, but I took his scolding as a kind of blessing and would not worry.
The women working in the kitchen were so orthodox that they could not accept the previous day’s food. Once when some leftover sambar was taken to a devotee’s house, a special ceremony was ordered to purify the house. On hearing that Bhagavan told the ladies, “Call the purifiers and get your kitchen purified. I shall never more enter your kitchen”. The women, for the sake of their orthodox customs, lost Bhagavan’s constant presence, company and guidance. It was a real tragedy. Each devotee in the Ashram believed that Bhagavan was God Himself who had come to purify and bless him and put his feet firmly on the path to liberation. Yet when God Himself went against their religious customs, they would rather cling to their customs than to God. Blessed were those who had no other rule but obedience to Bhagavan. It was clear that he was trying to teach us the simple lesson that in his presence no rule was valid except the rule of absolute surrender. But it was not an easy lesson to learn. Again and again old habits and loyalties would assert themselves and make us pit our will against his, to our greatest harm.
Bhagavan was not a rebel or a reformer. He did not discourage people from following their religious customs at home. But in the Ashram he would not take all customs for granted. In the Ashram he was the religion and the custom, and those who forgot it had to face his very strong will
Another time when a devotee wanted 1 lakh (one hundred thousand) Tulasi leaves to perform an elaborate puja, she did not escape Bhagavan’s wrath.
“People will not allow the leaves to remain where they are, beautiful and alive. They pick them, pierce them, thread and kill them. Does God need such worship? Don’t they belong to him when they are on the plants or trees? We do these horrible things to flowers, but we would not offer ourselves to God.”
Bhagavan’s kindness and solicitude even extended to the vegetation. There used to be an almond tree to the north of Bhagavan’s hall. Chinnaswami asked a man to clear it of dead leaves, which could be used later for making leaf plates. The man started chopping with his billhook the leaves of the tree, indiscriminately right, left and centre.
Bhagavan who was observing all these winced and called to the man, “Hey! What are you doing? You are torturing the tree too much. Don’t you know the tree is alive?”
Bhagavan kept on admonishing the man, “You people can do nothing without causing pain. Imagine what would happen if I suddenly grabbed your hair and pulled it. Your hair may have no life, yet you would feel it. Better leave the poor tree alone and go away!”
Once Bhagavan saw somebody cutting a twig from a Neem tree in the night to use it as a tooth brush the next morning.
Bhagavan asked him, “Cant you let the tree sleep in peace? Surely you can take your twig in the day time. Why not have a little sense of compassion? A tree does not howl, nor can it bite or run away. Does it mean one can do anything to the tree.”
One morning Krishnaswami, Bhagavan’s attendant, was plucking down the ripe coconuts from the trees with a stick while Bhagavan was returning from the goshala. Bhagavan asked Krishnaswami, what type of stick he was using to pluck the coconuts, whether it had a bamboo bit attached to the end or an iron point. Krishnaswami remarked that it was only an iron sickle.
Bhagavan asked, ‘Will not the trees be hurt by the sharp iron? Would not a rod with a bamboo bit at the end serve the purpose?’
But he did not wait for a reply. Krishnaswami went on with his work without changing his implement. He continued to use the same iron sickle every morning.
A week later, at the same time as on the previous occasion, while Krishnaswami was cutting down the coconuts from the trees, one fell on his forehead, striking his nose very painfully. This news was reported to Bhagavan. While expressing pity for the man, Bhagavan also remarked, ‘Now he will know what it is to be hurt, and also how much his iron sickle must have hurt the uncomplaining trees.’
One day when Bhagavan was seated in the midst of his disciples, he suddenly got up and strode quickly toward the hill. Kunju Swami said, ―I was very curious. Bhagavan usually never did anything unpredictable. Whenever he did, on rare occasions, there was some significance behind it.‖ Kunju Swami was waiting for Bhagavan to instruct him to come, but the guru went alone. From a distance he could see Bhagavan surrounded by monkeys. After half an hour or so, Bhagavan came back with his eyes swollen from shedding tears. ―We were alarmed and asked what happened,‖ Kunju Swami narrated.
Bhagavan replied, ―These monkeys have been searching for me at Skandashram. When I left, they searched all over the hill, putting their lives in peril. Monkeys live in kingdoms, and if they wandered into another territory, they could be killed by rival monkeys. These monkeys have come with their children at risk and are begging me to come back to Skandashram because they miss me there. It took me a long time to persuade them. I explained my situation and asked them to go back. I gave them my assurance that they will get back safely.‖
Whenever Kunju Swami narrated this anecdote, he would weep copiously because he would bring before us Bhagavan‘s poignant unity with the animal kingdom, including monkeys.
Wolter A. Keers was a Dutch teacher and writer who lectured extensively on Yoga and Advaita in Europe in the 1970s and 80s. Shortly before his death in the 1980
s, he invited his friends to a party at his house in his hometown. At the end of the party, he informed his friends that he was going to give up his body. He prostrated to a large photo of Sri Ramana that he had placed on the floor. Then he placed a cushion in front of the photo, laid down his head on the cushion at Sri Ramana’s feet and passed away.
I brought a large amount of spiritual samskaras into this life. I was born into a family of clergymen. All interest in our household was focused on matters of religion. I must have been taught how to pray almost before I could talk. During a despairing phase of my life, I read Jnana Yoga by Swami Vivekananda. It caused something of an explosion in me. There, in those pages, I finally found someone who had been able to put into words what I had been feeling intuitively. It was a relief to discover that countless seekers down the ages had shared my own problem and spiritual hunger.
Not long after, I came across The Secret Path by Paul Brunton When I read in those pages that there was a living sage in India with whom one could talk, blue patches returned to my sky. There was a photo of Bhagavan in the book. I used to focus on it during my meditation and I also began to concentrate on the heart-centre that Bhagavan had stated was on the right chest. It took a lot of effort and practice to become fully absorbed in these objects of meditation, but I persevered because I felt at the time that these were tools that had been given to me by Bhagavan.
I concentrated on Bhagavan more and more. Sometimes, I was almost fighting with him, begging him to help me in my efforts to come and see him. I know it sounds absurd to make such a claim, but there came a point when I could confidently say ‘I won’. One day I looked at Bhagavan’s photo and knew with a calm unshakable certainty that I would be travelling to India. And the opportunity came in the beginning of 1950.
Roda Maclver, a Bombay devotee who had been living near Bhagavan for several years took me to the Ashram and pointed out Bhagavan to me. The mere sight of him made me tremble all over because I had come face to face with the divine. This recognition affected me so much that my body shook involuntarily. As I gazed at Bhagavan, I felt I saw God himself sitting there.
In that early morning meeting I saw a blazing light that had taken a human form. It was more radiant than anything I had ever seen before. When I was very young, I had believed that God was some magnificent being, having a human form that radiated light and goodness. I had long since abandoned this childhood belief, believing it to be a fairy story that was told only to credulous children. Yet now this childhood belief turned out to be true, because here before me was a human form that seemed to be made of light itself. God became manifest before my eyes, announcing his presence to me by radiating a blazing, penetrating light, a light that went right through me like x-rays.
When I had time to reflect on this first darshan, it seemed amazing that such an air of normality could prevail around someone who was radiating so much light and energy. Perhaps other people were not seeing and feeling what I was experiencing. I asked Roda about this later that day. She laughed and said, “Many people do have special experiences when they see Bhagavan. For most of the time we all see him as a normal, elderly person sitting on a sofa, but once in a while he graces us with an experience, such as you had today, that convinces us of his greatness and his divinity.”
There was a radiant power and energy in Bhagavan’s presence that effortlessly swept through the mind and matter. His grace silenced my mind, it filled my heart, and it took me to realms that were way beyond the phenomenal. The light radiating from Bhagavan filled my being, sweeping away all my darkness in one stroke. Effort seemed redundant when his presence alone was enough to evaporate the usual mental flow of thoughts, ideas and problems.
For me, Bhagavan’s immediate presence was overwhelmingly potent and nothing could distract or disturb me there. However, I began to notice that the exalted state of experience in his presence gradually wore off when I went back to my little house opposite the Ashram. Sitting in Bhagavan’s presence I felt a quiet lucidity. All thoughts and problems would be swept away, burnt in the raging fire of his potent presence. But after a few hours of being alone in my room, I would realise that these states were only temporary because my old thoughts and problems would eventually rise up again. I felt I had to confront Bhagavan with this problem. I had not come to him for blissful experiences; I had come to him to seek a permanent end to my mind and all its problems.
That day when I passed in front of him, a quick smile passed over his face. I somehow felt that he knew what I had come for. Was he smiling at the audacity of my demand? I sat down among the crowd close to Bhagavan, and began to bombard him with thoughts. With all the mental energy I could summon up, I shot out my complaint at him: ‘Bhagavan, of what use is all your radiance to me if I cannot solve my mental problems the moment I leave you?’ This, with minor variations, I repeated again and again. Bhagavan took no notice. He continued to go through his everyday routine. Frustrated, I concentrated on him even more. I tried to shake his indifference with my thoughts. I felt I was shaking him the way I would shake a tree to get a fruit to fall off. The whole force of my will was focused on one thought, ‘I must have an answer; I must have an answer.’ Finally, my mental persistence paid off. He turned in my direction and looked at me with a smile of utter amazement on his face. Then his expression changed and its new configuration exclaimed, ‘You are looking for your glasses and they are on your nose!’ No words passed his lips, but the message came to me with unbelievable clarity. There was no doubt or conjecture or imagination. Bhagavan continued to gaze at me. Perhaps he was waiting for some kind of response.
Suddenly his eyes emitted light and spat fire at me. I can think of no other way of describing that sudden explosion in his gaze. His powerful look went straight into me, boring away at everything that made me think I was different and separate from him. I felt the right-hand-side heart getting warmer as he continued to gaze at me, until I felt it to be a hot, fiery ball glowing inside me. I felt as if he was charging it with some immensely powerful spiritual electricity because, as he continued to look at me, I had the unmistakable feeling that my heart-center was some kind of spiritual dynamo that was emitting sparks of light and energy. I felt as if some enormously potent electrical apparatus had been suddenly transplanted into my chest.
I sat rigid and straight, my eyes glued to his. Fire flowed from his glowing eyes and drilled into the core of my being. How long this transmission lasted, I cannot say. Time and space had no meaning in that never-ending moment when our eyes were locked together. At some point, I realized that my body could no longer stand the strain. The fire in my chest had expanded to the point where I felt that I was about to explode. Mentally, I asked Bhagavan to let me go.
I had received what I had come for. There was a complete trans- formation, inside and out, and it all happened without a word being spoken. That communication through silence was clearer and more direct than any explanation that could be given in words.
Having received the blessings and initiation, I gave my place in the crowd to those who might still have been seeking their own final benediction. Back in Bombay, where I stayed in a friend’s flat, I was amazed to discover to what extent changes had occurred. Something had clearly and demonstrably transformed my mind and my understanding.
My two months’ stay with Bhagavan had turned me inside out and upside down. My mind and heart had been illuminated by his grace, but I also knew that the time I spent with him had been too short to remove all obstacles. Being with Bhagavan had given me the unshakable conviction that he was looking after me. I knew that he was supervising my spiritual welfare. I also knew that his guidance would not cease simply because he had shed his body. Three months after his physical departure I had a vision of Bhagavan that amply justified my faith that he would continue to guide me.
I used to imagine myself in the hall, speaking with him. During one of these imaginary exercises, I suddenly found myself transported back to Sri Ramanasramam, and once more I was sitting opposite to him. He smiled at me. How can that smile ever be described? It contained the whole world. On this occasion I felt I was being bathed in a radiant glow of love and light. I asked him what I should do about all the various mental problems. He told me to spend time with another venerable teacher whose name was mentally mentioned to me. I spent several years with this man until I felt that all my problems had been overcome.
I still find myself being with Bhagavan. Sometimes it is with form and sometimes it is without form. It is a kind of deep visitation that touches and overwhelms me when it suddenly descends.When Bhagavan’s presence makes itself known to me, I feel tears beginning to flow. Deep emotions arise. I glow with happiness and my heart leaps into the sky.
The first time I saw Bhagavan, I immediately recognised that this was the being I had been looking for all my life. My immediate experiences in his presence cemented that conviction. The problem I always encounter when I start to speak or write about Bhagavan is that the real Ramana the Maharshi is unimaginable and therefore indescribable. Who, for example, can really describe happiness? My experience of Bhagavan was pure happiness. The pure radiance of his real, egoless state is unimaginable, beyond any verbal description.
I was inclined to compare him with Jesus or the Buddha. But they were images in my head, formed on the beliefs in which I had been brought up and on the stories heard and read later on. Sri Ramana Maharshi, from the second I saw him, was anything but an image in my head. He was a bomb that exploded the myth of my life. His look blasted away years of accumulated wrong ideas.
In his presence reality manifested itself. His presence revealed to me how stupid I had been all my life. I came to Bhagavan for help to climb a mountain, but after smiling at my idea of help, he showed me that the mountain did not exist. I regarded myself as a poor man in need of help. He revealed to me that I was more than a millionaire. He showed me that I was the source of all things. He enabled me to realize the timeless, unimaginable, unthinkable ‘I am’.
Simply by abiding in his luminous natural state, he made me experience myself as a light. I will not say that in his presence my sense of
‘I’ vanished completely; it simply diminished in significance. It took me three or four years for the full impact of Bhagavan’s silence to settle in me and become, if I may use such a phrase, ‘my own’.
Bhagavan encouraged us to examine through self-enquiry, questions such as,‘ Who wants to realize? Who feels exalted or miserable? Who feels angry, desired or shunned?’ The purpose here is not to track down the person who had these feelings or emotions, it is to discover that such a person does not and never did exist.
By sitting in Bhagavan’s presence, there was a confrontation between illusion and truth, and in that confrontation illusion could not sustain itself. Whatever transformation took place in his presence happened of its own accord, not because he desired it or willed it. Darkness was exposed to light and ceased to be dark. Light did not orches- trate it in any way. It simply expressed its inherent nature. If you ask me how all this worked, my answer is, ‘I don’t know.’
discovered it during one of the discussions, and it had really surprised and shocked her. It was there,
discovered it, she thought it was something very superficial which she could easily throw off; but as
the days went by she found that it wasn’t just a mild affair, but a deep-rooted hatred which had been
that is not love. Thought is sensation, and sensation is not love. The very process of thinking is the
denial of love. Love is the flame without the smoke of thought, of jealousy, of antagonism, of usage,
must be hate; for the mind is the seat of hate, of antagonism, of opposition, of conflict. Thought is
reaction, and reaction is always, in one way or another, the source of enmity. Thought is opposition,
hate; thought is always in competition, always seeking an end, success; its fulfilment is pleasure and
its frustration is hate. Conflict is thought caught in the opposites; and the synthesis of the opposites
is still hate, antagonism. ”You see, I always thought I loved the children, and even when they grew up
they used to come to me for comfort when they were in trouble. I took it for granted that I loved them,
especially those who were my favorites away from the classroom; but now I see there has always been an undercurrent of hate, of deep-rooted antagonism. What am I to do with this discovery? You
Let us do so now and see what happens; let us be passively watchful of hate as it unrolls itself. Don’t
be shocked, don’t condemn or find excuses; just passively watch it. Hate is a form of frustration, is
money in it, or if it didn’t bring more prestige, more power.‘More’ was his god, and we were all his
opportunity to be the boss. On my holidays I used to paint, but it was most unsatisfactory; I wanted
to give my life to it, and I actually gave only a couple of months a year. Finally I stopped painting,
”I fell in love with a married man, and we lived together secretly. I was furiously jealous of his wife
to move to another town, and my jealousy never abated. It was an unbearable thing. To forget it all,
I took to teaching more intensely. But now I see I am still jealous, not of him, for he is dead, but of
Jealousy is hate, is it not? If one loves, there is no room for anything else. But we do not love; the
”I can see now that in school, with my married sisters, and in almost all my relationships, there was
The stronger the ideal, the deeper the suppression, the deeper the conflict and antagonism. ”Yes, I see all that now; and strangely, as I watch, I don’t mind being what I actually am.”
You don’t mind it because there is a kind of brutal recognition, is there not? This very recognition
brings a certain pleasure; it gives vitality, a sense of confidence in knowing yourself, the power of
for jealousy, for frustration, for being left: it is hate and the knowledge of it. There is pride in knowing,
release, but only produces another crisis, another antagonism. Just be passively watchful of this and
let the truth of it be. ”Will there be freedom from jealousy, from hate, from this constant, suppressed
will succeed in your desire, but that is only another substitution, and so the battle is on again. This
desire to gain or to avoid is still within the field of opposition, is it not? See the false as the false,
then the truth is. You don’t have to look for it. What you seek you will find, but it will not be truth.
be passively aware of this total thought process, and also of the desire to be free of it. ”All this has
I hope it won’t take more years to go beyond this conflict. There I am hoping again! I shall silently
Mastan Swami was born 1878 in Desur, about forty miles from Tiruvannamalai. He came from a Muslim family of weavers. Even in his childhood he experienced samadhi states. While plying the family loom, his hands and feet would suddenly stop and become absolutely still.
upaksha Cave. (His unwavering gaze) was filled with grace, compassion and steady wisdom. I stood by his side. After giving me a look, he opened the gate of my Heart and I was also established in his state. I stood like that for eight hours, absolutely without fatigue, but filled with total absorption and peace. Bhagavan in those days used to open our heart with a simple gracious look, and it transformed us. There was no need for any questions since he made us, by his look, like himself.”
“ All sorts of beings gravitate towards the presence of a jnani, devas (from heavenly realms), rishis, Brahmanishtas (established in Brahman), siddhas (perfected beings with supernatural powers) and yogis. Some come in a normal human form, but others turn up in their subtle, astral bodies. Some of these great beings show up in the guise of beggars or madmen, and some of them even appear in the forms of birds and animals.
“Among those who show up in a normal human body, and who subsequently stay on and become devotees, there is a huge range of spiritual attainment: complete beginners mix with highly advanced souls. The most advanced are ripe fruits, just waiting to fall. They only have to come into the presence of a jnani in order to plunge into a deep experience of the Self. One such devotee was Mastan.
“He was such a ripe soul, when he came to Virupaksha Cave to see me he would sometimes go into a deep samadhi before he had even entered the cave. As soon as he touched the railings of the gate, he would have a paralyzing experience of the Self. He would stand, rooted to the spot, unable to move, for six or seven hours. This happened several times. Usually, these experiences would happen before he had even seen me since I would be inside the cave, unaware what was going on at the gate.
“Mastan was in an entirely different category to most of the people who came. He was highly spiritual, although outwardly he looked like an ordinary man. He was kind and generous, always looking for an opportunity to help other people. He never showed any self-importance. On the contrary he liked to stay in the background, unnoticed and unappreciated by ordinary people.”
These samadhi states did not give him a full and permanent experience of the Self. When his mind reasserted itself, he went to Bhagavan for advice:
Bhagavan then told me, ‘Fix the mind in the Heart. If you keep your attention at the source from where all thoughts arise, the mind will subside at the source and reality will shine forth.’
I had already come across similar teachings in Maharaja Turavu, Mastan’s verses and Sukar Kaivalyam. I had also seen these instructions in several other books. I took a firm decision that this was the way for me. After this meeting with Bhagavan I had no further doubts about this. No doubts at all." (From B. V. Narasimha Swami’s interview)
"For some time, while I was meditating at night for about an hour, I used to hear the sound of a big bell ringing. Sometimes a limitless effulgence would appear. In 1922 when I visited Bhagavan at his new ashram at the foot of the hill, I asked him about this.
He advised me, ‘There is no need to concern ourselves about sounds such as these. If you see from where it rises, it will be known that it arises on account of a desire [sankalpa] of the mind. Everything appears in oneself and subsides within oneself. The light, too, only appears from the same place. If you see to whom it appears, mind will subside at the source and only reality will remain.’" (From Narasimha Swami’s interview.)
Mastan continued to visit Bhagavan throughout the 1920s, although his visits were less frequent than in earlier years.
The math that Mastan and Akhilandamma ran in Desur had been established to serve travelling sadhus, particularly those who were devotees of Bhagavan. The following story, narrated by Viswanatha Swami, indicates that Mastan took this responsibility very seriously:
In those days [the 1920s] some of Bhagavan’s devotees used to travel on foot to nearby towns such as Polur and Desur. We used to undertake these trips to visit devotees who lived in those areas. Bhagavan always gave us his permission before we undertook any of these trips. The members of the group would vary from trip to trip but we could usually count on devotees such as Kunju Swami, Ramaswami Pillai, ‘Nondi’ Srinivasa Iyer, Ramanatha Brahmachari and Ranga Rao to be enthusiastic about these adventures. I also went on many of these trips. Some of our expeditions would be to Cuddalore or Vellore, but most of them would be to locations in the Polur and Chengam areas.
When we travelled we would never stay in houses. When night came we would shelter in mantapams or caves. Sometimes we would just sleep under trees. We would beg for our food on the way. Sometimes people would give us provisions for a meal. If that happened we would stop and cook. If we received cooked food in our bowls, we would share it out equally among all the members of our group. Although we had a lot of fun, we were also aware that we were sadhus on a pilgrimage. As we walked we would chant scriptural works or meditate in silence.
On some of these trips Mastan would somehow find out in advance where we were going. We would arrive at a town, Polur for example, and find him waiting for us. Once he had discovered our whereabouts, he would make us sit while he went out begging for us. We didn’t want to be served in this way, but Mastan was very insistent. He told us on these occasions that he was the ‘devotee of devotees’, a role and a title that he took on himself.
He would say, ‘I want to serve the devotees of Bhagavan. You must stay here while I find food for you.’
Mastan would generally return with a huge amount of food, far more than we could possibly eat. After we had eaten as much as we could, we would share the leftovers with any local people who lived nearby. If we were living in caves or other out-of-the-way places, we would give the leftovers to monkeys.
As he fed us Mastan would make one persistent request: ‘Please tell me some stories about the glory of our Master. Tell me everything he has said during the time I was not with him. To me, every word Bhagavan speaks is holy. The words that come out of his holy mouth are so powerful, merely listening to them can give liberation to ripe souls.’ (Unpublished story narrated to V. Ganesan by Viswanatha Swami)
Mastan passed away on 8th November 1931. When Bhagavan learned of Mastan’s passing away, he sent Kunju Swami to his village with full instructions on how to make a samadhi for Mastan. There is a Tamil book [Tirumular’s Tirumandiram] that faithfully gives the details of how saints who have followed Lord Siva have to be buried. In accordance with these details Bhagavan drew up a plan of the dimensions of the samadhi and sent it along with Kunju Swami. It seemed very strange to us that a Muslim should be given a Saiva saint’s burial and stranger still that Bhagavan, who did not generally encourage ceremonial rites, actually laid down in the minutest detail the rites to be followed in the samadhi of Mastan.
There is something called organ comfort. There are various aspects to this. Just to handle one aspect of it – see right now, most of the vital organs of the body are in the chest and abdomen region. These organs are not rigid, they are not fixed with bolts and clams. They are loose, hanging in nets. Only if you sit with your spine erect, your organs will be in the maximum possible comfort.
If you travel 1000km on a reclining chair, your lifespan will come down by at least three to five years…
Now, the modern idea of comfort is to lean backward and slouch. If you sit in such a posture, your organs will never be at comfort. They will not function the way they need to. This is especially true if you eat a full meal and sit in a reclining chair. A lot of travel happens in reclining chairs. I would say, if you travel a thousand kilometers on a reclining chair in a car, your lifespan will come down by at least three to five years. This is because the organs suffer so much, their ability to function will go down dramatically or you will at least be impaired in some ways.
Keeping the body erect is not because we don’t like comfort, it is because we understand and experience comfort in a completely different way. You can train your muscles to be comfortable, with your spine erect, but you cannot train your organs to be comfortable while slouching. There is no way to do it. So, we choose to train the body, so that our skeletal system and muscular system is comfortable sitting this way.
I was continually asked to be truthful. And I said to my father, "Whenever you say to me to be truthful, you have to remember one thing, that truth has to be rewarded; otherwise you are forcing me not to be truthful. I am willing."
Very easily I figured out that truth does not pay: you are punished. Lies pay; you are rewarded. Now it was a question of very decisive, very great importance. So I made it clear to my parents that it had to be understood clearly: "If you want me to be truthful then truth has to be rewarded, and not in a future life but here and now, because I am being truthful here and now. And if truth is not rewarded, if I am punished for it, then you are forcing me to lie. So let this be clearly understood; then there is no problem for me, I will always be truthful."
I don't think that every child tries to figure it out and makes a clear-cut contract with the parents. But this became a contract with my father. Howsoever the truth was against him, his morality, his family, his society, his respect, that did not matter; what mattered was that I was true. And for that I needed immediate reward, "Otherwise next time you know I will say what you want to hear -- but remember, it will be a lie."
The day that for the first time I said this to my father, he said, "Let me think it over, because you seem to be tricky. You are putting me into a subtle net. You do some mischief and are truthful, and I will have to reward you for your mischief"
I said, "It is your business to decide whether you want me to be truthful or not. Anyway I am going to do what I want to do. The mischief would have happened anyway. It has happened, only afterwards the question arises to be true or to be untrue. So why bring mischief into it? It has already happened. Now nothing can be done about it. You cannot undo it.
What can be done is: you can force me to lie, and I can lie. And I can lie with such a face that you will think I am absolutely truthful. I will learn. If that is the way, then let that be the way, but remember, you have been responsible for distracting me from truth because you were rewarding lies and punishing the truth. You can think it over. I am not in a hurry. You are asking me."
What had happened was that, living two or three blocks away from my family was a brahmin family, very orthodox brahmins. Brahmins cut all their hair and just leave a small part on the seventh chakra on the head uncut so that part goes on growing. They go on tying it and keeping it inside their cap or inside their turban. And what I had done was, I had cut the father's hair. In summertime in India, people sleep outside the house, on the street. They bring their beds, cots, on the streets. The whole town sleeps on the streets in the night, it is so hot inside.
So this brahmin was sleeping -- and it was not my fault... he had such a long choti; it is called choti, that bunch of hair. I had never seen it because it was always hidden inside his turban. While he was sleeping, it was hanging down and touching the street. From his cot it was so long that I was tempted, I could not resist; I rushed home, brought the scissors, cut it off completely and took it and kept it in my room.
In the morning he must have found that it was gone. he could not believe it because his whole purity was in it, his whole religion was in it -- his whole spirituality was destroyed. But everybody in the neighborhood knew that if anything goes wrong... first they would rush to me. And he came immediately. I was sitting outside knowing well that he would come in the morning. He looked at me. I also looked at him. He said to me, "What are you looking at?"
I said, "I have not done anything to this man, but I have cut a choti which certainly cannot belong to this man, because when I was cutting it, what was he doing? He could have prevented it."
I said, "That certainly shows that hairs are dead. You can cut them but a person is not hurt, no blood comes out. So what is the fuss about? A dead thing was hanging there... and I thought that you are unnecessarily carrying this dead thing inside your turban for your whole life -- why not relieve you? It is in my room. And with my father I have the contract to be true."
So I brought out his choti and said, "If you are so interested in it, you can take it back. If it is your spirituality, your brahminism, you can keep it tied and put it inside your turban. It is dead anyway; it was dead when it was attached to you, it was dead when I detached it. You can keep it inside your turban."
My father said, "This is the trouble. Yesterday he proposed a contract that if he speaks the truth... and sincerely; he is not only speaking the truth, he is even giving the proof He has told the whole story -- and even has logic behind it -- that it was a dead thing so why be bothered with a dead thing? And he is not hiding anything."
He rewarded me with five rupees. In those days, in that small village, five rupees was a great reward. The man was mad at my father. He said, "You will spoil this child. You should beat him rather than giving him five rupees. Now he will cut other people's chotis. If he gets five rupees per choti, all the brahmins of the town are finished, because they are all sleeping outside in the night; and when you are sleeping you cannot go on holding your choti in your hand. And what are you doing? -- this will become a precedent."
Sathsang (Apr 1,2016) "I am With You - Sadhguru" Everyday from 6.20 to 6.30 pm, if you are in office, work, walking, sleep...
Once u sign in for Online Isha kriya instruction, there is also an option to download it in mp3 and mp4 format, so that u can carry it your mobile.
Its an opportunity to be part of this Noble Venture of Building Aadhi Yogi Aalayam. Donate at giveisha.org
One thing that is important to note here is that, whatever I may write about Isha Yoga, it is always about my perspective of Isha Yoga and limited. It can never give a complete view of Isha Yoga. To know about Isha Yoga is infinite.
Legacy Maker, Inc. of Chicago, IL is pleased to announce its latest videotape product for Amiga computers.
ImageFX is the engine. Your Amiga's tank is full of gas. This video is the Catalyzer. Learn about the power and secrets of ImageFX from one of its most reknown experts. Bohus Blahut, whose ImageFX knowledge is so extensive Nova Design entrusted him with the creation of their latest ImageFX demo tape, guides you through four projects on this one hour videotape.
Even Kermit Woodall, VP of Nova Design, says Catalyzer is "An amazing tutorial video for ImageFX! It taught me things I didn't know about our own software!"
Catalyzer For ImageFX includes a support floppy disk with all the material you'll need to follow along with the videotape.
Catalyzer is shipping now! Legacy Maker is proud to refer customers to these supporting Amiga dealers:
Or, order direct from Legacy Maker at 773-465-5158. Catalyzer's SRP is $39.95. Visa and Mastercard are accepted. E-mail inquiries are welcome to jcompton@xnet.com. Visit the Catalyzer website at http://www.xnet.com/~jcompton/catalyzer.html.
Legacy Maker Inc., based in Chicago, IL, is a publisher of creative video products for and using Amiga computers. Legacy Maker produces and sells Legacy, the videotape-based magazine for Amiga users.
Softer rubber on the shoulders for grip, harder rubber in the center for durability. Innovative front and rear tread designs. Michelin tires Inspire rider confidence in challenging conditions
This large seat fits most passenger seats of Sport Touring, Sport, Dual Sport, Standards and Non-Touring (Harleys) bikes, but also works . . . . .
In 1972 AMSOIL developed the first synthetic motor oil in the world to meet American Petroleum Institute service requirements. Currently, the AMSOIL product line includes the finest quality synthetic motor oils, synthetic diesel oils, gear lubes, synthetic greases, industrial lubricants, oil filters, air filters and automotive performance products.
AMSOIL Synthetic 15W-40 Diesel Oil (DME) is the premium choice for API CJ-4 emission-quality diesel oil required by model-year 2007 and newer diesel engines. It delivers extraordinary lubrication in diesel engines found in commercial, fleet and personal vehicles. Built with the latest additive and synthetic base oil technology, AMSOIL Premium Synthetic 15W-40 Diesel Oil exceeds the higher performance demands of modern engines.
The Battery Tender Plus is a 1.25 amp battery charger designed to fully charge a battery and maintain it at proper storage voltage without the damaging effects caused by trickle chargers. Included is a quick connect harness for hard to reach areas.
Battery Tender Junior's lightweight, compact size makes it ideal for those hard-to-fit spots. The trickled charger with a brain will assure batteries are maintained after charging and allows ready to go!
All transactions and purchase-related information is secure and encrypted on our website. Click below to verify.
Reproduction is prohibited without specific written permission from Derby Cycles. Site design by WebGraffix.
There are two huge bedrooms with large closets on the main level. Another bedroom located in the lower level.
Extremely quiet and private space. Two windows in this room. Rieker ceiling fan, cable, DSL, phone and speaker connections to the central system are in this room.
Beautiful view of the backyard. This can be a bright or dark room. One window in this room. See Yard and Landscaping for more pictures of the backyard. A ceiling fan, cable, DSL, phone and speaker connections to the central system are in this room.
Topics that make you think. Expand the reaches of your mind. Explore philosophy, religion, psychic phenomena, and all manner of enlightenment here.
“Is this you and did this extremely rude person take your pic without permission??” She asked, linking to the above Instagram post on Stephanie Lange’s account. When I saw the photo – horribly edited around my mouth, eyes and eyebrows – and read the caption, “The REAL reason your makeup doesn’t look like beauty gurus,” I got some kind of feels in the pit of my stomach.
This vlogger, unknown to me at that moment, stole my photo, jacked up my face, and alluded that I tried to copy the Nikkie Tutorials look on the left and failed (photo credit to Nikkie for that photo on the left, by the way, and the majority of photos here today will be screenshots!).
There are MANY things wrong with her actions. And I decided we need to discuss this, because this is a woman who seems to have built a brand around building others up – she talked a lot about confidence and self esteem for her viewers in the accompanying YouTube video to her 1.2 MILLION subscribers – for which she used that ugly collage above as the thumbnail. And she’s apparently writing a book on confidence.
But yet…she takes a stranger’s photo off the internet, edits it to suit her needs, and uses it to demonstrate why your makeup might not look as good as a beauty guru’s makeup.
I will say upfront – she took down the collage from her Instagram (however, she had turned comments off on it; I couldn’t load them after my friend messaged me) and she also removed the thumbnail of it from her video). For that I am grateful. And what I’m about to do is outline key takeaways from what happened. My intent is to use this situation as a lesson, not a bashing session.
I don’t know how many times the blogging community has to express this to the general public, let alone other influencers, but OUR PHOTOS ARE OUR COPYRIGHTED PROPERTY. I’m SO SO tired of brands stealing influencer photos to promote their product, without giving credit or payment. I’m tired of people not thinking “oh, this photo has a watermark on it. Perhaps I should ask the owner permission before using it.”
I may not have 1.2 million subscribers – I’m pretty small time – but BeautyJudy has been around for 9 1/2 years, and I’ve gotten to know a LOT of other influencers both big and small, and I am recognizable to those that know me or of me.
But regardless – not only did she steal my photo, but she edited it in a very poor manner, making the picture look even worse (hey, I never claimed my photos were great, guys), and used it. Again – UNACCEPTABLE.
As you can see, my actual photo is very different. The edits to the photo make it more gaudily similar to the features/coloring as beautiful Nikkie has on the left.
WHY, I wonder, if she talks in her video about how different beauty gurus look in person compared with their videos and images due to lighting and multiple takes/angles, doesn’t she take an unedited simple phone camera photo of her own look, and then a flawless image, and use that in a collage. Another vlogger who did a similar topic simply used a couple photos of gurus in her thumbnail – she didn’t drag a stranger into it.
My interpretation of that collage, with her caption, said to me, “I’m going to tell you in my video about why your makeup looks like the crap on the right when you’re trying to achieve the perfection on the left.”
Imagine if she’d stolen the photo of someone who put themselves out there but had serious depression, anxiety or image issues. How shook do you think that person would be? That could have been devastating!
AND, imagine the impression she’s leaving on her audience. As influencers, big and small, we have to consider that ANYONE could be looking, watching, reading at ANY time. What message does it send when you take a stranger’s picture, jack it up, and use it in this manner? I was overwhelmed at how, without any prompting from me, the influencer community rallied around me. But what brought me to tears was this message from my friend’s young teen daughter, who is like a niece to me:
DO GOOD, BE KIND, BUILD EACH OTHER UP. It’s not that hard to think twice about your actions, and to consider whether it would hurt someone.
This collage was the COMPLETE OPPOSITE OF BUILDING SOMEONE UP. It was using me to promote her content.
My look was truthfully inspired by a tutorial I watched of Nikkie reviewing/using the Huda Beauty Desert Dusk palette. I blogged the look HERE. And here’s the excerpt of me talking about the inspo:
I spelled Nikkie’s name wrong and I apologize! But I didn’t want to correct that in the post, I wanted to leave it untouched as it’s part of this whole thing.
The day I did this look, I was pregnant, suffering from completely clogged sinuses and miserable. But my best friend, her husband and her older daughter were in New York City, and my husband and I made babysitting arrangements for our older daughter and took the train into the city to have dinner with them. I decided to do up my makeup, so I would feel better.
For me, makeup is fun. It’s a way for me to express my creativity, and I don’t take myself so seriously about it. I LOVED this look so much that I blogged about it. I had purchased the MAC concealer that Nikkie had used for her cut crease/where she put her glitter, so I could tap on one of the more glittery shadows in the palette.
I skipped several of Nikkie’s steps, and I deviated from what Nikkie used/her technique because I know my eyes and taste, and I was simply inspired, I wasn’t imitating.
That photo on the left? That is NOT the look I was inspired by. I was inspired by something totally different. So the collage is just completely all wrong.
And the quality of the photo…well. Like I said, I’ve been blogging for almost a decade. And when the beauty blogging world exploded over that period of time, and people upped their photography game, I made the decision that I would stick with a more casual, unedited approach, because while I LOVE seeing those flawless, gorgeous photos from gurus, I use more natural photos to make my decisions on purchasing when I strip away the influencer title and approach makeup as a consumer.
So, while I try to get the best lighting, and I try to stage some product shots and I make an effort and put in a good amount of time, I’m purposely not aiming for perfection. Perhaps this is why I’m not bigger than I am, but selfishly, BeautyJudy has always been my creative outlet first, followed by community and engagement.
I have tried to keep calm and keep my head up about this whole event. I did some InstaStories about what was happening, because so many other influencers were fired up about it. As was I, truthfully.
But I’ve not seen a need to bash Stephanie. She’s beautiful, and she seemed lovely in her video. The truth is, I don’t believe she had ANY ill intent with her actions. But I believe her actions were careless, and sorry, I just don’t believe some of what she’s saying to me in her apology. Or in this apology she posted on one of the other influencer “call out” posts:
I believe that she didn’t realize that while she stole a small fry’s photo, that small fry has a big, fierce village that went to bat on social media, reporting the photos to Instagram and YouTube, and asking her to do the right thing and calling her out on the contradiction between her actions and her words.
There’s something missing in the exchange above that I share, the private apology and back-and-forth between Stephanie and I. My last communication to her, after her last message to me, was to send a heart.
I do wonder why she didn’t address this publicly, apologize for the contradiction on her own Instagram or YouTube channel. I received such an outpouring of support from my fellow beauty bloggers, my loyal readers/followers, and new followers who told me they were glad this happened because they “found me;” but perhaps to her the audience is still “small fries” but in my opinion the action she took conflicts with everything she seems to stand for.
And to another earlier point…you never know who is watching, listening, reading or paying attention.
Thank you for reading this, if you got this far. I don’t like drama. I hate that I was involved in this. But I also can’t ignore it, and if I have a voice in this situation, I need to speak up about it – especially if I can educate people on copyrighted content, and considering your audience.
BeautyJudy is the intersection of career, motherhood and makeup addiction. Find beauty reviews, features, career-focused content and tales from motherhood. Let us know what you want to see! beautyjudyblog@gmail.com
Recently Featured Posts Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 May 2016 January 2016 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009
where “I met a lot of very nice people from around the globe in a similar life situation to myself, who had similar values, and I developed many long-term friendships from my time there.”
He also explained a little more about his “amazing and unforgettable experience” at the Malawi Medical Volunteer project.
It is targeted to the communities around Monkey Bay that are in desperate need of our help, on the shores of the picturesque Lake Malawi, with its stunning sandy beaches and mountainous backdrop.”
“The project work itself was very valuable to the community, great fun, fascinating, and very fulfilling.
In Malawi, most individuals are uneducated in anything to do with medicine and have little money to spend on treatments or even trips to the hospital for themselves and/or their families – so they were very appreciative about being informed about the common diseases/infections that they may encounter and very appreciative for any medical aid we provided in the form of wound clinics.
The work was also very rewarding for myself and I feel I gained a lot of valuable experience in a completely different culture.”
“The Amanzi Travel staff were very friendly, easy to approach with any queries I had about the trip before departure, and extremely helpful and detailed in their response. As a result I felt very prepared for what to expect on the trip. I have been nothing but impressed with Amanzi Travel, and helped to make my time in Africa so special.
The staff located in Malawi were also very friendly, welcoming, and informative, helping people to settle in quickly.”
“The optional excursions at the weekends were also thoroughly enjoyable, a great way to socialise with the other volunteers and make good friends, and an excellent way to see more of the wonderful country of Malawi.”
Malawi is known as the “Warm Heart of Africa” for very good reasons. This diverse and flexible project gives the opportunity to make a difference to some of the most welcoming, friendly and under-privileged people in the continent of Africa. Medical volunteers help in the local clinics and hospitals.
So if you’re interested in become a medical volunteer at the Malawi Teaching, Medical and Sports Volunteer Project, just contact the Amanzi Travel team on +44 (0)117 253 0888 or email Gemma@amanzitravel.com.
16 Aug 2017 / 0 Comments	/ in Competition, Malaysia, Tiger, Turtle Conservation, Volunteer, Volunteer Experiences, Volunteering/by Gemma
Amanzi Travel are excited to offer you the chance to win a 3 week trip of a lifetime – volunteering on this fantastic Tiger and Turtle Conservation Project in Malaysia.
On the Malaysia Tiger and Turtle Experience, your first week is spent trekking and exploring the wildlife corridor between Taman Negara and the main moutain range in West Malaysia to help conserve the majetstic and endangered Tigers followed by a further 2 weeks on the stunning Perhentian Islands protecting the sea turtles whilst snorkling and enjoying the beautiful beaches.
To have a chance to win this fabulous trip, simply enter your details below, like our facebook fan page and the winner will be randomly selected from all the entrants.
The Facility Engineering Associates (FEA) hosted their annual School Safety Conference on April 18th 2018 at the Bristol Palace in Mount Prospect, IL.
District and School Administrators, Police and Fire Departments, Transportation Directors, and Emergency Managers attended the event to heighten their safety awareness in the field of school safety and crisis prevention.
Guest speakers covered topics ranging from school and campus shootings/attacks, effective school security, school safety planning and tools utilized for school safety. This years event was brought to you by:
AmpliVox Sound Systems was at the event hosting a booth and excited to meet with so many professionals who share our commitment to making schools safer.
AmpliVox’s megaphones, hailers, and other portable sound systems provide clear, reliable communication in all types of situations.
In emergencies, AmpliVox grab-and-go systems broadcast instructions wherever they are needed, cutting through chaos to facilitate safe evacuations.
Portable sound also improves daily school operations, including traffic control, assemblies, athletic events, and any other activity involving large groups.
A powerful loudspeaker PA that can be clearly heard up to half a mile away, all from a compact and portable all-weather unit.
AmpliVox Hailers are available for specific applications, like the S/SW312 Sound Cruiser roof-mounted system for vehicles.
Our most complete, all-in-one PA system, with a 250 watt amplifier that will clearly and powerfully project your voice over an audience of up to 7500 people in a room size of up to 25,000 square feet.
You're in control with built-in Media Player allowing you to play your own recorded music using your SD card or Thumb Drive.
Our new portable system that combines a powerful central PA with supplementary wireless speakers for wide area coverage without cords or complicated set-up.
The AmpliVox AirVox Mobile PA System is the ideal battery powered, all-in-one wireless compact portable PA solution with Bluetooth® connectivity.
A versatile go-anywhere PA with a 100 watt amplifier and wireless mic options. Equipped with a wired handheld mic with your choice of wireless microphone, and a luggage handle with wheels.
You can also play your music with the built-in CD player, USB Flash Drive input, or through the SD slot.
An easy-to-carry sound system in a briefcase-style design, powerful enough to reach audiences of up to 1,000 people in rooms up to 10,000 square feet.
A proven "Road Warrior", specially tooled and molded plastic briefcase-style enclosure for exceptional durability and portability. Travels and sets up so easily.
A wide variety of versatile Megaphones, including specialty products like the S606 Safety Wand Megaphone for enhanced traffic and crowd control, and the WP609R ProMarine Waterproof Megaphone for use around pools and waterfronts as well as extreme weather conditions.
In addition, AmpliVox carries hundreds of lecterns and other furniture products to enhance classrooms, auditoriums, conference rooms, and outdoor event spaces.
Equipped with integrated sound systems or paired with wireless portable systems, AmpliVox lecterns are available in styles to fit every need and budget.
AmpliVox is proud to offer Made in the USA products with a warranty of up to six years. You can see many of our products in action on the AmpliVox YouTube channel.
AmpliVox’s Community Contribution Club helps organizations all over the country speak up for their causes by donating one of our products.
German Physicist Albert Einstein is known for being a genius and his name is even a moniker for a brilliant person (or in sarcasm, a less th...
In today’s demanding classroom environments, educators need to be able to have the best seating arrangements for different size classrooms...
In August of 2012 AmpliVox was proud to introduce a new series of wireless microphones that broadcasts over 16 UHF channels, a dramatic i...
Xplanner is a project planning and tracking tool for agile development teams, which we’ve been recommended to use at work. The only problem is, no-one seems to have done any work on it since 2006, and it only officially works in jdk 1.4, and some old version of Tomcat. Our server runs PostgreSQL 8, Tomcat 5.5 and jdk 1.6. One of the main problems we had was that the automatic migration process did not seem to work for Postgres. This is what I did to get it to work:
Patched the database myself. The scripts are in WEB-INF\classes\patches. I had to amend them to work with Postgres (e.g. datetime -> timestamp, tinyint -> boolean). I only had to run the later ones.
Deleted the file \WEB-INF\classes\com\technoetic\xplanner\upgrade\CleanUpNoteTableConstraints.class as it didn’t seem to like this either.
Exactly. Wouldn't have had to waste a morning on this at all if we had decent phone signal on the @parcmenai *busin… https://t.co/zsHil93B9C about 1 hour ago ReplyRetweetFavorite
3rd day trying to get WiFi calling enabled on my phone. Support from @VodafoneUK utterly useless 🤬 about 4 hours ago ReplyRetweetFavorite
New office! With windows (the kind that let in light and air)! Whoop 🎉🎉🎉 04:52:49 PM November 12, 2018 ReplyRetweetFavorite
Dear clothes retailers, my 11 year old daughter would like to buy some clothes which do not feature unicorns or sequins... 10:55:19 PM November 10, 2018 ReplyRetweetFavorite
Now I'm really SAD!! One of my all time favorite musicals starring one of my favorite stars, Oliver Platt, is going bye bye!!
Des McAnuff's new Broadway revival of Guys and Dolls, the famous "Musical Fable of Broadway," will close June 14 after four months of performances at the newly refurbished Nederlander Theatre. Wow! This is a shocker!! Was it the poor performance at the Tony's where they lost the sound or was it just not selling?? I thought it was kind of holding its own.
Cast members were told June 9, two days after their appearance on the Tony Awards broadcast. The new production of the 1950 musical by Frank Loesser, Abe Burrows and Jo Swerling opened March 1 after previews from Feb. 5.
The cast is headed by Oliver Platt (as Nathan Detroit), Lauren Graham (as Miss Adelaide), Craig Bierko (as Sky Masterson) and Kate Jennings Grant (Sarah Brown).
The show (nominated as Best Revival of a Musical in the 2009 Tony Awards) is based on characters and stories created by Damon Runyon, who, for this production, appears as a character who frames the action. Director McAnuff (Jersey Boys, The Who's Tommy) set his staging in the 1930s (around the time Runyon was writing) rather than the usual 1950s.
This revival is visually unique. A giant video wall is used to create filmic, animated backdrops for the show's settings. An animated seaplane is shown whisking characters to Havana, for example.
Guys and Dolls has music and lyrics by Frank Loesser. The classic score includes "Fugue for Tinhorns," "A Bushel and a Peck," "If I Were a Bell," "Adelaide's Lament," "I'll Know," "Guys and Dolls," "More I Cannot Wish You," "Luck Be A Lady" and "Sit Down, You're Rockin' the Boat."
Many consider it to be one of the perfect musical comedies for its lean storytelling and its character- and plot-rich songs.
If you haven't seen it, GO! Applause can get you in at a great price(below the normal face value!) with great seats! Call 800-451-9930
Labels: all broadway show tickets and discounts, Blogs on Guys and Dolls with Oliver Platt, Discounts for Guys and Dolls, guys and dolls closing on broadway
A round up on what’s happening at the TV News Archive by Katie Dahl and Nancy Watzman. This week, we present an update on the video context project Glorious Contextubot, two recent news reports that use TV News Archive data, … Continue reading →
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 September 2008 August 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 February 2006 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 October 2004 March 2004
Hotel Er Clabe Cholet is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotel Iran Booking is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
November 5. Not content with serving herself a free drink, she then disappears out of shot and ret...
We are not fighting elections on the strategy provided by Amit Shah. "Congress leaders themselves ha...
Broom, now 61, remains on death row. Death penalty opponents are calling on OH to put a stop to ex...
When asked to comment on Sri Sri Ravi Shankar's attempt to mediate a solution on Ayodhya issue , Yo...
The rapper further ingratiated himself to Sydney fans on Wednesday by sporting Socceroos star Matthe...
Lamborghini custom-built the Huracan for Pope Francis to be auctioned off by Sotheby's in May 2018...
This post has been updated . Mr Trump was making a speech following his 11 day-trip around Asia wh...
The representative, who filled in as the second secretary to the United Nations for Australia, was...
Rachel met up with Kaine at the Sunset Marquis Hotel in West Hollywood at 2:30am, where he was hangi...
It is believed that Neal killed his wife on Monday. "We believe that's probably what started this ...
When he made that remark, Clapper said on Sunday, he didn't know of recent disclosures, including de...
However, there's a possibility that cold, dry air may push the storm system out to sea. The West C...
Honolulu police say Randall Saito is considered extremely unsafe. When psychopathic killer Randal...
A former executive who cut a plea deal with U.S. prosecutors told New York's Federation Internatio...
Biden, who is promoting his new book, " Promise me, Dad: A Year of Hope, Hardship, and goal", which...
O'Neill's stock is now at an all-time high and he is reportedly the favoured candidate to take over...
Ratcliffe has not so far gone to Iran because of visa difficulties and the threat of being detaine...
Elections and referendums in at least 18 countries over the past 12 months have been influenced by c...
The program, which was started by the charity Samaritan's Purse in 1993, collects shoe boxes full ...
The ruling is the culmination of a five-year legal battle over minimum unit pricing, which was backe...
Sorabji, who was the first woman advocate to join the Allahabad High Court bar, fought tirelessly ...
In a Wednesday editorial, the newspaper Rodong Sinmun said Trump "dared malignantly hurt the digni...
It is very rare for the North's troops to defect at Panmunjom, a major tourist attraction and the on...
Such sentiment was echoed by Amnesty International (AI). Myanmar considers the Rohingya refugees i...
Support for SSM was highest in the ACT, with a 74%/26% yes/no split, while NSW was the lowest, at 57...
Another, Anna Soubry, said it was a " blatant piece of bullying " and insisted none of those named w...
Lawmakers approved amendments that would allow any worldwide media that receive financing from overs...
Officials are telling residents in the Rancho Tehama area to stay inside their homes until they ar...
Shipping note: When ordering multiple items, your shipping charges will be reduced. You'll see the lower shipping rates in the final invoice that is made at the time of shipping the items.
Dieter Rams (born 20 May 1932 in Wiesbaden, Hessen) is a German industrial designer closely associated with the consumer products company Braun and the Functionalist school of industrial design.
Rams began studies in architecture and interior decoration at Wiesbaden School of Art in 1947. Soon after in 1948, he took a break from studying to gain practical experience and conclude his carpentry apprenticeship. He resumed studies at Wiesbaden School of Art in 1948 and graduated with honours in 1953 after which he began working for Frankfurt based architect Otto Apel. In 1955, he was recruited to Braun as an architect and an interior designer. In addition, in 1961, he became the Chief Design Officer at Braun until 1995.
Dieter Rams was strongly influenced by the presence of his grandfather, a carpenter. Rams once explained his design approach in the phrase “Weniger, aber besser” which translates as “Less, but better”. Rams and his staff designed many memorable products for Braun including the famous SK-4 record player and the high-quality ‘D’-series (D45, D46) of 35 mm film slide projectors. He is also known for designing the 606 Universal Shelving System by Vitsœ in 1960.
Follow up interview letter samples Posted in andessproutssociety.us. If you want to use follow up interview letter samples , take your time and find the best images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use only.
Follow up interview letter samples is one of awesome image reference about designs and ideas. We present this image with the very best to you which will make you comfortable and give you many details idea of follow up interview letter samples.
There are so many design and ideas in the post follow up interview letter samples that you can find, you can find amazing ideas in the gallery.
This entry was posted on Thursday, January 26th, 2012 at 01:59and is filed under . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
I sit here on the first day of 2012, surrounded by glimmering Christmas tree, my sweet husband, and a puppy sleeping at my feet, with How I Met Your Mother’s humor drowning in the background, from the television. There is laundry and dishes to be done, but instead I sit here, browsing pinterest, and searching for cake pop supplies on amazon. Soaking in life. Reminiscing on how tantalizing life is, and how surreal it can get.
This past year has been a real journey for us, we got married in April! We’ve both gotten new jobs, we got a puppy, we almost bought a house. We’ve had ups and downs, but God has been there with us through it all.
Each year, there’s always this pressure to create resolutions, and I’ll be honest with you, I am terrible with them. I usually stay strong for about… 10 days. I don’t know why I am really so bad with holding out. Or even just being accountable to them. Especially since I make them. Me. Not someone else deciding what my life should be. And each year I say that I’m going to be different, that this year is a game changer. Well, this year has to be. Come on folks, lets switch up this ride.
Maybe I need to start on smaller scale resolutions that I can tackle, for one, shying away from that ever elusive, darn scale. This year, things are going to be different. This year I am going to accomplish my goals!
1. Get fit (read: acquire muscles). Yes this girlfriend would love to lose weight, but we all know the backwards spiral that would ensue. But no, this is not what I mean, and since surgeons don’t give muscle implants to puny girls, I best get my workout gear on… And actually lift some weights.
2. To get my cake pop business off the ground. And to actually start making money. Hey y’all buy my cake pops!
3. To keep a tidy home. Well, that’s self explanatory. To get off my ever growing derrière and polish off those shelves from their ever growing layer of dust… And put away the multiple baskets of clean laundry…
4. To begin my prerequisites for the PA program. And continue to jump on every learning opportunity I can, to make me the most stellar candidate.
5.To read more. Peeps, girlfriend needs some recommendations! I love action thrillers and suspense books.
What are your resolutions this year? How are you planning on revolutionizing your life and making a better you?
This entry was posted on Sunday, January 1st, 2012 at 17:10and is filed under . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
I made two resolutions this year: 1. no dairy (which is really hard because I love cheese) 2. Write 1000 words a day, not including blog posts (I have done it a couple times, but the goal is just to make a habit of writing everyday).
As for books, read through my reviews on my website, there are some winners on there. My automatic first recommendation is Watership Down. Sure, it’s about talking bunnies, but it draws you in.
You certainly had a lovely year, if you ask me. I don’t make resolutions instead I “look forward to change.” My changes? Keeping a neat house, a happy husband and beginning something(s) new. I love yours!
Niki – I have tried soooo hard (ok, maybe not that hard to give up cheese – being a lacto SUCKS, But cheese, and nachos, and quesadillas are SO good…. Boo…I think I have lasted like 4 days, max? Pathetic, I know. Your writing goal is amazing! You go girl! I will have to pick up a copy of Watership Down!
Search for specific professionals: You should search specifically with a trademark professional, rather than a regular law authority. Check to have that your signature expert is well-versed in Australian trademark law. A hallmark professional can supply you with tailor-made advice on signature searches, trademark registration, and trademark reduction.
Choose gurus with experience: There is nothing increasing valuable to you than a signature expert along with experience in the battleground. Trademark important things concerning your very own intellectual homes require accurate navigation not to mention a excellent depth including knowledge. A certain experienced professional will most excellent be readily able to urge you concerned with protecting your very own trademark. Families should always search for the purpose of professionals which are have skills that is specific to allow them to your industry, or discover in corporate.
Look to gain professionals by working with good reputations: It is essential which unfortunately the signature expert the person hire shows a powerful foundation inside of the industry, accompanied because of a really reputation for service and success. Seek out for businesses that get established within a their businesses. You has to ask all over for references, or connect with the users of distinctive firms to be able to ask the entire group about any level towards service you received.
Search pertaining to professionals to connections: Your good trademark skilled professional must seem well-connected throughout the order to ensure that your indication achieves registration mark without complication. A well-connected trademark highly skilled can information you by way of the application process and consequently provide shoppers with allowable advice of regards into protecting those trademark rights, and continuous trademark operations.
You seriously should hire a trademark professional if you are viewing using your good mark in relation in order to your equipment and services, as you will must have registration that would protect you intellectual assets. A logo professional will probably file the relevant application: whether you want to register any kind of a mark why is in use, or been aware of you intent to ‘reserve’ a indication intended for use around conjunction with your health supplements and services, you ought to contact a trademark technician for professional opinions.
If anybody are presently using a trademark, shoppers should hire a agent to operate trademark inquiries to make sure that you have to are not infringing available on anyone else’s rights, so therefore are vulnerable for you to legal effects. A signature professional ought to assist your corporation in brewing decisions to do with your symbolizes before your corporation encounter any problems. You should certainly contact another Trademark Registration Public Search India advisor if your family are presently aware of potential predicaments concerning your family marks.
You are advised to also get in touch with a impressive if the public wish which will register each and every of your incredible marks the fact that trademarks. An absolute trademark will turn out to be able you can assist users in drafting and declaring your trademark application, the fact that well as navigating the entirety relating to the signing up process, including legal steps taken contrary to you because adverse reports that buyers are made.
Your brand professional definitely will not best assist you in looking at and enrolling your bare. They are unquestionably also readily able of assisting you to enforcing your very own trademark rights. Your hallmark professional likely will help the individual remedy containers of infringement, as ideally as subject potential infringers before an excellent issue originates. In addition, if are released a ‘cease and desist’ notice by the another party, your brand professional would likely help clients to interact. Hiring a good trademark competent before your organization start your stain can help prevent a person losing the particular mark not to mention your asset in your prized brand.
Your signature expert may well also strongly advise you in relation to whether your mark is without a doubt available for registration, or whether the software infringes with regards to the defenses of much more party. It then is considerable to know whether all your mark should be able to be registered before your corporation file your application.
Trademark legislations is complex: it happens to be always convoluted, particularly to allow them to someone that is never versed throughout the intellectual real-estate laws. Filing a trademark registration in many cases can be difficult, as could be managing your ultimate application all around the signing up process. So long as you give in to correctly complete, submit, and maintain your application, you should find where it ‘s quickly decreased despite this money your corporation have placed.
Registering your company mark alongside the system of the trademark professional works accessible to be cost-effective. If you lodge your application yourself and / or come upward against arrest issue as well as contest, you’ll will buy to recruit a certified to permit you: however, by booking a trademark professional outside of the hugely beginning, your site can decrease or even avoid those fees.
Foremost, a person’s professional are going to help your avoid encroachment of other types of parties’ protects that would otherwise end results in permissible fees as a hair loss in your current investment.
I’m obsessed with the fresh, constant supply of seltzer water pumped out by my small SodaStream. So much so that I wrote a cookbook, The Artisan Soda Workshop, revolving around syrups that can be mixed into the seltzer for DIY soda. And then it was a thrill to write a blog post for SodaStream featuring a recipe from the cookbook. I chose to highlight my Egg Cream recipe, which is misleading as far as names. As I convey in the post, my Northern-raised mom would tell this Southern kid about how she missed Egg Creams. Of course, I thought the drinks actually contained eggs–a raw yolk floating in the mix of a drink. As an adult, I learned that an egg cream is actually nothing like that. It’s a splash of rich, chocolate syrup mixed with dairy and topped with seltzer. I use cream versus the more traditional milk because it makes the drink oh-so-much-more fizzy. Also, add a splash of booze like Kahlua turns this into cocktail magic.
I’m a New York City-based author, recipe developer and freelance lifestyle writer. I have a newspaper background, along with experience in editor positions for food publications. I’m also a ghostwriter and recipe editor with the ability to weave together words and recipes for cookbooks. [Read More …]
-- Contribute articles and recipes to Chile Pepper magazine, along with other freelance writing and recipe development assignments.
Art Babbitt developed him during the mid 1930ies as a type who thought long and hard about something, and then did it wrong (Art's own words).
Other animators followed, John Sibley did outstanding work on shorts like Olympic Champ, and Woolie Reitherman's performances in Saludos Amigos are incredible.
In 1945 Milt Kahl worked on a couple of Goofy shorts, the hilarious Tiger Trouble and the wacky Hockey Homicide. The latter one presented a world in which hockey players as well as audiences were drawn as Goofy type designs. Milt had particularly fun animating the referee, who occasionally lost his balance on the ice. Those scenes are as fluid and elegant in their own way as ballet dancing.
Here are a few of Milt's rough drawings of that character. Beautiful expressive hands, and extreme (but appealing) squash and stretch.
I spent 30 years at Disney. Right now I am focusing on my own animated short films, sculpting with wire and this Blog. I might be back at Disney some time.....who knows.
Yoga for me is bringing people together, bringing them home to themselves and maybe the tree hugging hippy in me just wants us to love each other! (Picture is proof)
I trained with OFF THE MAT INTO THE WORLD helping yogi’s find a purpose and take action in their communities. Yoga in Action is a grass roots training and journey of self discovery and community building. Sharpening what are your passions, what brings you in balance and what is your path or purpose. I am still on that journey even as I share and train others. It is hard to care about everyone and everything so make it small, first start with yourself, then if there is something that you do care about, do something about it.
Since my recent move to Tanzania, I hope to develop my passion for sharing yoga with women and teaching yoga teacher on women’s health. I hope to teach in my community and set up community projects, and combine yoga with my passion for art and creativity.
If you are interested in Training with me in ‘YOGA in ACTION’ to help you find your calling or Seva, please contact me. also for courses and workshops on ‘Tuning into your Intuition’ & workshops to open your creativity and ‘sharpen your tools’
You all know that an antivirus program is important to keep your system secure from the hackers, viruses and other malicious software. But they are no more potential if they are not updated on regular basis. If you want to check if your AVG security is up-to-date or not, you can start by checking AVG icon in the notification area of your Windows Desktop, and then moving the pointer over the Show hidden icons icon and clicking on it. Here are the right steps to confirm if AVG is updated:
•	In case, you don’t have an AVG icon, you can connect to the experts at AVG help number UK for quick support.
•	When AVG is outdated or being switched off, you need to click on Fix Now button and try to fix the issue after that.
•	You know AVG Antivirus includes a varied no. of components, you will see that some of them are shown as uninstalled. Try keeping it up-to-date and that is marked as Protected.
•	Keep in mind, you need to click on Protection is up-to-date button and then on the Scan Now Button for checking up the system.
If you are still having problems, connect to the technical support team at AVG Contact Number UK for easy assistance. They have skills to clear off your doubts in a way better than other.
Disclaimer: We are third party service providers offering support for technical issues related to AVG AntiVirus Products for your Laptop, PC, Mac & Mobile Products. We provide our services through our well trained experts and technicians. Our technicians are certified by leading technology companies.
If you feel Chubby Hairy Porn Tube enough to taste real carnal pleasure, go to free sex tubes! All hot adult Chubbies movies that we offer you here are more than just hairy sex clips. All hot Chubold porn videos are stories of true lust and passion, of real feeling and genuine emotions!
This site contains pictures of naked hairy gay truckers, gay trucker stories, hairy gay truckers, truck driver pictures, hairy men, restarea sex, bathroom cruising, and more.
Military men naked new naked men. Bad Puppy. The scene opens with a close-up of this 26 year old soldier’s boot and then transitions to a brief interview where he claims to have an 8 inch cock and big balls.
At the end of the day, all any of us really want is to be happy. Writing makes me happy and I hope reading what I’ve written makes you happy.
Check out my fiction serials Awakenings and Legacies of the Lost Earth if serials are your thing. You can also find my free novelette, Falling Stars, wherever ebooks are sold.
If you’re looking for something more substantial than a novelette, scroll down and sign up for my mailing list down below and you’ll get one of my ebooks FREE.
Want to know what’s going on? Want to get free books, teasers, bonus material, character conversations, and all kinds of exclusive goodies direct from me?Join the Doc Rawrs! mailing list. You’ll get a free book direct from me when you sign up–and I hope you will!All of the published ebooks are fair game and you get to pick your format and your favorite. All you have to do is sign up and let me know which one you want. Stick around and you’ll get to read letters from your favorite characters, catch teasers from upcoming works, and much, much more.Just fill in your information in the form to the right and you’ll be getting me straight to your inbox in no time at all!
Just wondering if you are the author of Puritanism, Tobacco, and the Glorious Revolution, (2001)? If it’s yours, thank you because I found it to be the most readable and interesting piece of academic writing I’ve come across in my research. Do you have more?
anders sein - wollen ja viele sind wir wohl alle irgendwie doch erpicht darauf dazuzugehören uns durch absondern anzugliedern marschieren wir in der parade differenziert vom vor und hinter uns gehören wir nicht in die gruppe dieser jener oder gar derer die wir doch alle nicht oder nicht mehr oder noch nicht bevor oder nachdem wir was wir wollen auf diesem wege kund oder auch nicht tun wir uns denn auch fragen wie es denn mit euch aussieht die ihr euch von den anderen als besonders anders abwendet oder -sondert um die wohl einzig von euch erkannte wahre wir-wissen-wie's-geht erkenntniss erkannt und endlich und vor allem schlussendlich für euch in den anspruch zu nehmen sind wir doch froh um nicht zu sagen heilfroh nicht nur nicht zu denen nein auch nicht zu euch zu gehören wir dann wohl auch nicht wirklich was uns zum anders bleiben wenn auch nicht zwingt so doch verpflichtet es doch darüber nachzudenken wir aufrufen nachdem bereits erkannt wurde das dieses ideologie-armeen bildende wir-machen's-besser-agitieren zu nicht wirklich viel anderen führen kann und wird als zur ideologischen viel- wie klein-staaterei wie wir sie bereits zur genüge genug haben und kennen und es uns leid ist den vertretern dieser ideologien beim treten und vertreten weiter zuzusehen sehen wir hier davon ab das weiter zu vertiefen
To love is to suffer. To avoid suffering one must not love. But then one suffers from not loving. Therefore to love is to suffer, not to love is to suffer. To suffer is to suffer. To be happy is to love. To be happy then is to suffer. But suffering makes one unhappy. Therefore, to be unhappy one must love, or love to suffer, or suffer from too much happiness. I hope you're getting this down.
Suffering is one of the ways through which lessons are taught to us.Initially when I was a kid I used to think happiness and suffering work in cycles.If you had suffering in the initial years then later your life should be full of happiness and nothing else.But I have learnt to look at life in a very different perspective.Happiness is a state of mind and we control it.Life never gives us a option.We have the choice in our hands.Suffering and misery are few key things which help us break open the illusory obstacles.As we suffer there is a channel formed between the real self as the illusions are broken.There is a direct connection with the higher consciousness which expand our tiny lives to include the whole world.Sometimes I think if I never had bad experiences and miseries in my life I would never have learnt so much in my life.Nature makes us suffer ....thats what is the biggest illusion.We suffer most of the time because of ourselves.Our reactions to the lows of life is what gives birth to suffering.
Simplify..simplify ..simplify..Never let the small things which dont mean a lot effect you..bits of paper included..sorry money!!!!
Any small job which you have to do ..do with all you have got..Whatever you give is what comes back to you in return..
effect you physically and emotionally but nothing can break into the inner sanctum which you have created...
hi ....nothing can break the inner soul ...tats true.....there is lot of clarity in your writings ....its been more clear day by day....we owe u..these help me alot....thnks alottt...keep writing....
I found that I only write to share what I feel..Their is lot of clarity now ..even in my mind because I am peaceful.There is no suffering and so I can look at all issues with a non biased approach.
On- site indoor heated pool, outdoor heated pool, two whirlpools, two saunas & INDOOR WATERPARK! Complimentary Hot Breakfast Bar. Exercise room, Game Room, Breakfast Area, Meeting Room, & Sundry Area. Short Walk to Mackinaw Crossings featuring free nightly laser show and concerts. Directly across from ferry docks. Unlimited Access to 1400 sq ft of private sandy beach! In-room Jacuzzis & honeymoon suites. High speed internet access. Large two room suites.
Treat yourself to the hospitality of the Crown Choice Inn & Suites of Mackinaw City, directly across the street from two Mackinac Island Ferry Docks. Whether you are vacationing with your family, enjoying a romantic getaway, or staying overnight for business, you can choose from several spacious suites designs, experience our excellent amenities and enjoy the unlimited natural and historical points of interest just minutes from your door. Come enjoy your stay in Mackinaw City at the Crown Choice Inn & Suites. Get a Suite for the Price of a Room!
Pre-Rigged Models.. Pre-Rigged Models (PRM) are 3D models that have already been rigged for animation with Craft Director Studio.. .. Maya, Cinema4D or Softimage format.
3D rigged models for download, files in 3ds, max, c4d, maya, blend, obj, fbx with low poly, animated, rigged, game, and VR options.
Free.. Animation Rigs.. You asked for a free Maya rig.. And now there are TWO! Stewart and Squirrels are professional-quality rigs that are available to the entire .
Newly Opened and bringing the best of classic & internationally inspired gourmet pizzas to Allen, TX
360 Pies is a family owned business and uses only simple, high quality ingredients and nothing that would compromise product quality. Our dough is made in-house everyday and we use only the freshest ingredients available. 360 Pies has the best of classic & internationally inspired gourmet pizzas. The owners love good food and have lived around the world and wanted to bring those flavors to the American pizza pallete. So come explore a world of flavors with us! Follow us on Facebook for delicious pizzas & amazing deals!
Kazakhstan people call the steppe situated in the heart of Kazakhstan Sary-Arka, the Yellow Steppe. One day Appak Baizhanov, a marmot hunter, decided to build a fire here. To his amazement, some stones caught fire together with the brushwood. This happened in the mid-19th century.
When the rumor of the combustible black stones reached the ears of Russian merchant named Ushakov (who, unlike the nomads, knew the value of coal), he bought the plot of land for a song from a Kazakhstan landowner, and soon sold it to the son of President Carnot of France. The latter resold the land at a profit to British, who opened two collieries here.
When copper deposits were found near Karaganda, it was again foreigners who took possession of them. Soviet government nationalized both Spassk copper smeltery, which was considered a large enterprise in those days, and Karaganda coal mines, which supplied the smeltery with fuel, as well as other enterprises owned by foreign and Russian capitalists.
Karaganda coal basin, whose development was launched as far back as 1930, has long been Kazakhstan’s main coal supplier. It still produces up to 50 million tons of the “black stone” annually. Two hundred kilometers to the northeast of Karaganda, not far from the city of Pavlodar on the river Irtysh, are Ekibastuz coalfields, which are among the largest in Kazakhstan.
Kazakhstan contains Central Asia’s largest recoverable coal reserves, with 37.5 billion short tons of mostly anthracitic and bituminous coal. Kazakhstan produced 86 million short tons (Mmst) in 2003, while consuming 58 Mmst, resulting in net exports of 28 Mmst. Russia is the largest importer of Kazakh coal, followed by Ukraine.
Kazakhstan coal production, which was the Soviet Union’s third-largest producer behind Russia and Ukraine, has fallen by roughly 35 percent since independence. According to Kazakhstan Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources, the country aims to be producing 100 million-105 Mmst annually by 2015.
Much of the decline in the last decade since independence has been due to mine problems (over 30 people died in mining accidents during 2004) and problems obtaining outside foreign investment to maintain their economic viability. This latter factor will be crucial in obtaining Kazakhstan government’s long term production targets.
Kazakhstan’s largest coal producer, Bogatyr Access Komir, which accounts for roughly 35 percent of Kazakhstan’s coal output, is a subsidiary of Access Industries Incorporated (U.S.A.). Bogatyr Access Komir develops northern Kazakhstan’s Bogatyr and Severny coal fields and is Kazakhstan’s largest exporter to Russia. Russian firms are also stake holders in Kazakhstan coal industry and roughly 16 Mmst are transited annually from Kazakhstan northward via rail to power plants in southern Russia.
Since independence, Kazakhstan coal consumption has fallen from 97 Mmst in 1992 to 58 Mmst in 2003. As a percentage of total energy consumption, coal accounted for 52 percent in 2002, up slightly from 50 percent in 1992. The majority of Kazakhstan’s electric generating plants are coal-fired, including Kazakhstan largest power generator, Ekibastuz No.1, located in north-central Kazakhstan.
The pre-paid market is becoming more competitive in the United States but Verizons plans are still not the best value in prepaid unlimited.
The new prepaid lineup is clearly an improvement for people who want service on what is still considered by many to be the best wireless network in the United States.
For starters, Verizons unlimited prepaid plan is now $65 with AutoPay (down from $75) and the $45 plan now has 8GB of high speed LTE instead of just 7GB.
The plan nets customers unlimited talk, text, and 4G LTE data. That brings the price of Verizon's unlimited plan down to $65, which, as Engadget points out, is more competitive with T-Mobile's $45 unlimited plan. That makes it $15 less expensive than Verizon's plan each month, which adds up to a substantial $180 annually. Subscribers will "typically" get 480p video resolutions when streaming over mobile data; they'll also be limited to 3G network speeds when tethered. On Verizon's side of the fence, subscribers get unlimited calling to Canada and Mexico in addition to the US.
Now T-Mobile is following suit with a "limited-time offer" of $50/month for prepaid unlimited talk, text and data. All plans also include unlimited talk and texts to over 200 destinations.
As well, T-Mobile lists the limited-time prepaid unlimited plan as only for domestic use, and there's a possibility that the customer will be temporarily throttled during congested time periods. Leaked internal documents from T-Mobile reveal that the carrier will launch the program starting tomorrow, November 9th.
The head of pediatric surgery, Dr Crameri said the major challenge was to reconstruct the twins' abdomens. The girls are expected to remain in hospital for at least a week, Crameri said.
Mr Hair said the assailant was dressed in Islamic clothing and of African appearance and about six foot four inches tall. Another dramatic video shows two presumably plain-clothes police officers arresting the attacker after he was shot.
The extent of the injuries and specific damage count was not immediately known as officials could not access the risky area. The whole hill's on fire. "I thought, 'If this is a piece of the Bible, this is going to be insane , '" she said.
For the latest information, passengers should check their flight status with their airlines before traveling to the airport. Some flights were delayed up to three hours, and the problem left some London-bound travellers stranded on USA tarmacs.
The police and State Premier Daniel Andrews asked people to avoid the area. "This is Victoria Police, please evacuate the area". Videos and photos shared on Twitter showed a burning auto and police officers in an altercation with the man clad in black.
Meek was a criminal justice and criminology major who worked in the Veterans Resource Office for two years for work-study. It was a scene of horror enacted in many places around the country in recent months, but never before in Thousand Oaks.
The younger generation of Marcoses have led high-profile careers, despite the dark past associated with their name. Ferdinand Marcos had placed the Philippines under martial rule a year before his term was to expire.
Hundreds of thousands of people were killed instantly and many more died in the years to come as a result of radiation sickness. The seven-member boy band was scheduled to appear on TV Asahi's flagship music program, Music Station , Friday night.
Instead they must now wait for the remaining games against Valencia and Young Boys to seal their passage to the next round. The win comes as a timely boost for United as they next face rivals Manchester City on Sunday at the Etihad Stadium.
Emery confirmed the injury was "serious" but the Gunners will wait to learn the full extent of the 27-year-old's issue. You don't want it to happen but this is our profession.
Beyond that we are looking to identify further street races, so this race (in Vietnam) is a further step in terms of our vision. Vu said he was proud Vietnam had been chosen to host such a major global sporting event, but was also concerned about the cost.
His remains are expected to arrive in the U.S. on Tuesday. "I am heartbroken at the loss of Major Brent Taylor". In his final Facebook post on October 28, Taylor encouraged everyone to vote and all for unity.
It represents a security's price that, if achieved, results in a trader recognizing the best possible outcome for his investment. If the markets make a firm price movement, then the strength of that movement depends on the volume for that period.
The permit approval followed years of intense debate over the pipeline amid steadfast opposition from environmental groups. One of those litigants in this case, the Sierra Club, cheered the decision on substantive grounds.
She has the right to appeal to the Supreme Court and her lawyers... "But still, they did not give up and that is what counts".
As our session grew close we were all praying the weather would be cooperative for our Saturday morning shoot and it was! It rained for about 15 minutes at the very beginning then cleared up for the rest of the morning! As soon as we got in our cars to head home it began to pour,
Abbey was such a dream to work with, so natural and comfortable in front of the camera. Abbey, thank you for letting me work with you! I hope to do it again soon!
Jona is Abbey’s younger sister and I was so happy she also let me take her pictures! Isn’t she a beauty?
I met up with Abbey this last weekend, it was rainy and overcast but we worked with it! Snapping photos between the drizzle taking advantage of the chance to have a quick “wardrobe change”. She rocked it and I can’t wait to show her the rest!
Posted in SeniorTags: atlanta photographer,Atlanta Portrait Photographer,Atlanta Senior photographer
Wow, she is sucha beautiful girlboth inside and out! I love the pictures to BOTH Abbie and Abbey! Looks like you ALL had fun, glad you got to get together for this.
Gummy Vitamins – I don’t know about you but regular multi vitamins make me nauseous, like REALLY nauseous. These are so yummy, like candy, seriously!! Plus, the fact that I take “Super Hero” vitamins totally gives me brownie points with the little dude I care for!
Green tea with Mint – I don’t know what it is about this stuff, but its YUMMY with or without a touch of honey. In the spring and summer I go through boxes of the Green Tea with Mango and Green Tea with Peach. Mixed together over ice they make the prefect summertime drink!
Snowstorms – Growing up in Florida we would wake up in the middle of the night if there was a chance of snow, or drive an hour north to make an 18inch snowman that would melt within 3 hours. Any Holiday spent in Missiouri with our family was accompanied by many prayers for snow, and even more prayers to be snowed it! Well, that all changed for me. January and February brought enough snow to Georgia to fill every SNOW desire I’ve ever had.
The Bachelor – GUILTY PLEASURE!!! Ok, seriously this show is so entertaining. I am a little embarrassed to even admit I watch it, but I can’t help it!! I can’t actually believe anyone would sign up to be on the show, its asking for trouble, but then there is always the one “innocent sweet girl” that I can’t help loving and rooting for. So, I am rooting for Emily!!
Ugg boots – I know, I am about 4 years behind on this. But, wow so cozy and warm. Totally helps get past the UGLY factor!!
I am leaving tomorrow for a few days of MUCH needed vacation. I will be back in the office and respond to e-mails by the middle of week!! See you then!
Last weekend I had the opportunity to second shoot an Indian Wedding with the amazing Kate Byars! The wedding was beautiful, so much color, luxury and joyful excitement involved! I learned SO much!
Posted in UncategorizedTags: Alpharetta Wedding Photographer,atlanta photographer,Atlanta wedding photographer
The first two black and whites are my favs! I see the Emotion and Light reflected in these photos. Beautiful!
Lovely couple+ lovely images= beyond beautiful session. Love the close up of the girl and the angle of the boy in that picture.
Unique opportunity to own stunning family home with custom finishes on 6.8 acres. No expenses spared, top of the line building materials were used throughout entire house. Property features in-ground pool, courtyard, guest house, and water views.
* Birth, pregnancy and maternal health questions in COBRA are shared between COBRA, HopSCOTCH, LSAC, and the National Health Survey 2004/05
LONDONDERRY -- A new subcommittee aimed toward tackling the town’s littering problem will be formed sometime in early 2011, town officials said this week.
“It’s going to be a huge undertaking,” Councilor Mike Brown said during the Town Council’s meeting on Monday night. “We’re going to need some good volunteers.” Each spring, members of the town’s Beautify Londonderry Committee join forces with volunteers from various community organizations, who spend several weekends picking up litter, planting flowers and completing countless other community projects.
Beautify Londonderry, held in April and May each year, typically draws between 800 and 1,000 community volunteers. Past efforts have resulted in completed projects such as litter removal around the skate park, at the Kendall Pond Conservation Area, and on a number of roadways in town, as well as spring cleaning and planting on the grounds of the district’s schools, at the senior center, cable access center, Leach Library, police department, Town Common, the town offices and at the town’s fire stations, according to Paul Margolin of the Solid Waste Committee.
Following this past spring’s mass cleanup, a concerned resident appeared before the council, urging the town to help combat its litter problem. “This was prompted by a neighborhood cleanup during Beautify Londonderry that was negated a couple weeks later by new littering,” Margolin said this week, noting town officials have since been exploring the possibility of posting anti-littering signs and imposing fines for littering, among other things.
In early September, the Solid Waste Committee held a public forum, inviting a number of residents who had expressed concern about littering in the past, some of whom already do litter pickups in their neighborhoods.
“We did a lot of brainstorming, and the consensus was that measures could be taken to increase town awareness of the problem, and to discourage littering behavior,” Margolin said.
Also attending last fall’s meeting was Londonderry Police Chief Bill Hart, who supported the residents’ endeavors, noting the local police force could assist such efforts by monitoring littering “hot spots” as part of the town’s overall plan to tackle littering.
“The idea is to educate, then enforce,” Hart said at that time. In the months to follow, members of the Solid Waste Committee have agreed to form a subcommittee focusing on Londonderry’s littering.
“We plan to organize the group early in 2011,” Margolin said. The subcommittee’s focus will be on community awareness, with volunteers also playing the role of neighborhood watchdogs.
Margolin said plans are in the works to host an informational meeting early next year aimed at informing residents who might be interested in serving on the new subcommittee.
Once the subcommittee is formed, the group will gather regularly to brainstorm, presenting proposals to the town’s Solid Waste Committee and generating a plan of action.
A local store is turning “gently used” American Girl dolls into big business and big smiles. Bryar Doherty, right, takes her new Ameri...
Only Edward Brown knows why he came forward about a 1969 murder, but it will be up to a court to determine the value of the confession. ...
Jeff Pelletier of Windham Farms hoists a last-minute tree at his Christmas tree stand on Route 111. By CAROL ROBIDOUX Union Leader Corre...
Nina Battaglia, a member of the Londonderry High School Lancers Color Guard, gets ready to perform during the Tournament of Roses annual...
Delaney Root, 8, a second-grader at North School, showed off her artwork Saturday afternoon during the district-wide Reflections exhibit, ...
North School fourth graders Jordan Bergeron, left, and Nathan Cripe, look for history scavenger hunt answers on the New Castle Bunker Hill...
Maureen Melius of Hampstead has been on both sides of the ADA. She was a nurse practitioner before a stroke in February of 2010 left her ...
© Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved. | Powered by Arabuko Marketing | Designed by Arabuko Marketing
On behalf of the Local Organizing Committee of the 2018 European Championship, we would like to invite your Association to the city of Legnica, Poland from 27th August to 1st September 2018, to be part to the 2018 European Championships. That event is also valid as Qualifying Tournament for the 2018 European Games in Minsk, Belarus.
The city of Legnica is in south-western Poland in the centre of the Lower Silesia. It has over 100 thousands citizens, which makes Legnica the third most populated city of the region. Legnica plays an important role in economy, culture and science of the region.
Please find enclosed the necessary documents of registration, organization and participation for this event. Please, complete your registration in WAREOS before the deadlines:
Updated and Latest 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 Practice Exam Questions that help cover the Exam Objectives - Pass Guaranteed!
The 400-101 VCE Test Engine Questions and answers help cover all the exam objectives you will be tested on with regards to the Cisco 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 exam.
You can be rest assured that exam covers all the exam objectives you will be tested on. Preparing for your 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 exam is very time consuming and here at exam.com we are here to help you prepare for that difficult 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 exam.
You receive 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 Questions and Answers that show you the quality of our 400-101 Practice Questions and Answers. Every 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 Questions and Answer is well thought out and prepares you for the 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 exam.
If you do not pass the 400-101 exam, we give you a full refund within 180 days after your purchase date of the 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 exam. You can be rest assured that using exam 400-101 Practice Questions and Answers are a great help in preparing for the 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 exam!
Claiming a refund for the 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 is simple. In the event if you fail the 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 exam which is very unlikely, you just simply visit the Guarantee page and follow the instructions to claim your 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 refund. You can also add an extension to the 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 if you choose not to go with the refund or 2 Free Exams of your choice.
How many computers can I install the 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 testing engine on?
After purchasing the 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1, do I receive the product instant after purchase?
After purchasing the Cisco 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 exam, you receive your order instantly after purchase. You can order the 400-101 pdf or 400-101 VCE. You receive the 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 exam instantly right after purchase.
You are entitled to 1 Year of updates after your purchase of the 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 exam. If the objectives on the Cisco 400-101 exam change, you will have 1 year in which you can log into your members area and download the Updated 400-101 exam practice questions and answers. exam Updated 400-101 - CCIE Routing and Switching Written Exam v5.1 practice exam test questions area great help for the exam.
To get started with moderating, editing, and deleting comments, please visit the Comments screen in the dashboard.
The headlights on most small crossovers, among the most popular U.S. vehicles, are inadequate, according to a report published on Tuesday.
The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, an insurer-funded group, tested 21 small crossover models—and 47 different headlight combinations—and none earned a good rating. Only four of the vehicles received an acceptable rating.
The bigger problem: More than two-thirds of the headlights were rated poor, and 17 of the small SUVs had headlights with unacceptable glare, according to IIHS.
It’s an industry-wide problem that deserves attention considering about half of traffic deaths occur in the dark or around dawn or dusk, the IIHS argues.
The price of the vehicle didn’t make a difference, nor did advanced lighting technology in the vehicles. More modern lighting types, including LED lamps, and curve-adaptive systems, which swivel in the direction of steering, also are no guarantee of good performance, according to IIHS.
High-beam assist, which automatically switches between high and low beams based on the presence of other vehicles, was the only type of lighting technology that IIHS deemed valuable.
IIHS says its rating system doesn’t favor one kind of lighting technology over the other. Instead, its tests focus on the amount of usable light provided by low beams and high beams as vehicles travel on straightaways and curves. Engineers evaluated the headlights using a device that measures how far the light is projected as a vehicle is driven on five approaches: traveling straight, a sharp left curve, a sharp right curve, a gradual left curve and a gradual right curve.
Engineers also measured glare from low beams for oncoming drivers. A vehicle with excessive glare on any of the approaches can’t earn a rating higher than marginal, according to IIHS.
The best-performing headlights in the small SUV group belong to the Mazda CX-3, and are available on this new model’s Grand Touring version. The headlights are curve-adaptive LED lights with optional high beam assist. IIHS says the low beams perform well on both right curves and fairly well on the straightaway and sharp left curve. The group noted that they didn’t provide enough light on the gradual left curve.
The remaining three vehicles with acceptable headlights are the 2017 Ford Escape, Honda CR-V, and the Hyundai Tucson.
Fortune contacted several of the automakers mentioned in the study. We’ll update this article if we receive any responses.
Updated: GM didn’t have any comment on the study. An Audi spokesman said its vehicles are all engineered to exceed all federal motor vehicle safety standards as well as to perform to the highest level in tests conducted by IIHS and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. In an emailed statement, the company added that it is committed to building the safest vehicles available to the public and takes evaluations from IIHS very seriously. Audi says it will carefully review the methodology and the results.
A Fiat Chrysler Automobiles spokesman said in an emailed statement that the car company continually evaluates the safety performance of its vehicles and that all meet or exceed all applicable federal motor-vehicle safety standards.
“No single test determines overall, real-world vehicle safety. And there are multiple ways to evaluate headlamps,” FCA says in the statement.
Consumer Reports also rated headlights on car models this year, and notes how its tests are different from IIHS. Some vehicles, such as the Jeep Patriot fare better in the Consumer Reports reviews.
IIHS warns that manufacturers don’t pay enough attention to actual on-road performance of headlights—instead relying on laboratory tests. And since government standards are based on these lab tests, there’s little incentive for automakers to do more real-world testing of this piece of equipment.
TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.
Enabling solution producers to emphasis solely on earnings-generating, Mechanical Piping Design gives support to materialize your principles and ideas for a wide range of mechanical factors and products drafting. We help you reduce your overhead, shorten job period, increase productiveness, with our CAD drafting assistance.
Reputable organization analysis, market exploration, competitor Assessment and market profiling stories to assist you to get in advance of your competition and change them into absolutely editable multilayer mechanical drawing formats. The ultimate output is editable and will be in DXF or DWF structure. We crank out independent levels for dimensions, textual content, system, hidden strains and centre traces and so on. We different the text in its have layer so that it is recognizable as textual content. We be sure that the scale are held intact and so are shown as particular person layers. Our know-how in the sector of Mechanical CAD drafting services assures much better productivity by enabling the completion of CAD projects withing a constrained time period.
Whether it's developing manufacturing drawings or generating technical patent drawings, our mechanical CAD drafting services help you set your fabrication duties straight.
Mechanical Piping Design presents well-executed second drafting services which can be carried out by teams with a good knowledge of item design and manufacturing tasks. Mechanical engineers at Mechanical Piping Design (MPD) Use a abundant area knowledge consisting of varied field knowledge as well as manufacturing and prototyping expertise.
SmartDraw's mechanical drawing program is quickly and user friendly. The key is in SmartDraw's highly effective drawing equipment and abundant written content of templates and symbols. SmartDraw can help you Develop piping diagrams, HVAC drawings, welding diagrams, and lots of other kinds of mechanical drawings promptly and simply.
Our CAD services team is supplying design and documentation Remedy to a large precision element maker during the Europe.
We retain ourselves current with latest innovations in the field of CAD drafting services. Our assets empower us to undertake CAD jobs starting from compact architectural works to significant engineering assignments and to deliver the CAD services with ease and precision. We provide every kind of Mechanical CAD Drafting services such as Reliable Modeling and assembly drawing.
In-depth engineering currently being Just about the most crucial jobs of your merchandise development, it encompasses an entire set of data which if misrepresented, results in cascading adverse consequences throughout fabrication method.
Mechanical Piping Design has extensive experience in Mechanical drafting and Fabrication drawing that is utilized to provide top class out sourcing service to the industry in all aspects of engineering drawings. We can develop the drawings from the conceptual stage and convert them to 2D Mechanical Drawings using the get more info latest technology. We optimize our performance by utilizing the right technological tools that helps us to reduce the turnaround time, which is always preferred by the customers. Our team of engineers is highly skilled in leveraging the technologies for the benefit of customers and gives them competitive advantage by producing drawings that can be used for smart manufacturing and fabrication.
Let not many of you become teachers, my brethren, knowing that as such we will incur a stricter judgment. For we all stumble in many ways. If anyone does not stumble in what he says, he is a perfect man, able to bridle the whole body as well. Now if we put the bits into the horses' mouths so that they will obey us, we direct their entire body as well. Look at the ships also, though they are so great and are driven by strong winds, are still directed by a very small rudder wherever the inclination of the pilot desires. So also the tongue is a small part of the body, and Yet it boasts of great things. See how great a forest is set aflame by such a small fire! And the tongue is a fire, the very world of iniquity; the tongue is set among our members as that which defiles the entire body, and sets on fire the course of our life, and is set on fire by hell. For every species of beasts and birds, of reptiles and creatures of the sea, is tamed and has been tamed by the human race. But no one can tame the tongue; it is a restless evil and full of deadly poison. With it we bless our Lord and Father, and with it we curse men, who have been made in the likeness of God; from the same mouth come both blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not to be this way. Does a fountain send out from the same opening both fresh and bitter water? Can a fig tree, my brethren, produce olives, or a vine produce figs? Nor can salt water produce fresh.
It might seem strange that James wishes to reduce the number of teachers. But he is dealing with a known and specific problem in the church of its time. Many of the Jewish Christians felt themselves quite superior to the Gentile Christians, because they understood the Old Testament law. They therefore took up teaching the Gentiles without the gift of the Spirit. Further, there was a definite difference Between the Way, Jewish Christians were taught and Gentile Christians were taught. Jewish Christians learned by the rabbinical method, which involves a great deal of memorization. The student was expected copy the writings of the Rabbi and thus provide his own textbook. In Greek society copying was done by professional copiers. Greeks were also accustomed to the Socratic method of teaching, which involved a good deal of question and answer between the teacher and the students. As a result, there was some difficulty in the church caused by all of these Jewish teachers. James is correcting that difficulty. Of course, he wants only the best teachers to survive the cut. He therefore stresses the difficulty of being a teacher.
As it happens, at this writing our church is in the process of recruiting a large number of small group leaders to increase the build community aspect of our church. I leave it as an exercise to the student as to whether or not we are approaching this the right way; but the first thing we must realize is that the Scripture clearly specifies the teachers are given the gift of teaching by the Holy Spirit:
And God has appointed in the church, first apostles, second prophets, third teachers, then miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, administrations, various kinds of tongues.
As you can tell, the standard for being a teacher is it must be a perfect man. What's interesting in here is this: the word format that James uses is actually the word for husband. The word for perfect, however, tells us what we need to know. It means to be perfected for a purpose. This implies that there is a purpose in view, and that the teacher meets it. This gift is clearly shown to be distinct from other spiritual gifts. This does not mean that if you have that spiritual gift you are already a perfect teacher; it means you have the gift that you could be a good teacher. The Holy Spirit expects you to do your own studying.
It's interesting that James uses the first person plural pronoun — "we" — in describing teachers. It's clear that he knows that judgment is strict are for him. This is important because we are all still sinners; please don't get the idea that perfect means sinless. It doesn't. It means perfectly fit for a purpose. James does focus on the use of the tongue as a measure of the teacher.
· One reason is fairly obvious: teachers use their tongues in the process of teaching. If you don't know what you're talking about, or you don't how to say it, or you add to what you should say with whatever comes to your mind then the tongue is being misused.
· The other reason is fairly clear too. If you have control of your speech it is generally recognized that you have good self-control. If you don't, then your self-control is lacking. So the tongue is not only a useful implement for the teacher it is also a measure of the man.[1]
One reason why teachers get into difficulty with what they say is that they under estimate the power of their own tongue. How many times have you heard someone walking out to the despairing tones of the teacher saying, "All I said was…"? We have a tendency to insist that our words be taken literally, while we read into other people's words all sorts of intent. This is neither fair nor fruitful.
Sometimes, however, the teacher says something rather the shock people. Our reaction is, "he said what?" It's something that should be avoided as much as possible, but it turns out it seems rather pleasant at the time.
The tongue does have its proper use: persuasion to righteousness. If there is a question a teacher should ask himself before he walks into the classroom, it is this: "what do I want the students to change in their life to become more righteous?" It's very difficult to know when you have arrived if you don't know where you're going.
Most of us recognize the danger of what it is we say as being a problem with the tongue. But it may not be so obvious to us that what we don't say — or, more likely, what they really heard — is the real danger. People tend to draw conclusions from what you say. If you do not allow for this fact your students may be leaving the classroom with some other idea that the one you started with. But they'll be thinking that's what you said. This is not good on a number of levels.
In fact the most obscure part of the danger of the tongue is "what I should have said." Getting it right the first time is the great defense against misunderstanding. One of my master teachers told me that if I ever had a choice as to which lecture to attend, I should always attend the second one. I asked why, and he explained that the first one is rather experimental: it's where you make mistakes. The second is when you fix your mistakes, and from then on out you're bored.
For those who are not eloquent, it may seem an obscure problem as to why controlling your tongue is such a difficulty. It is not necessarily a loose connection in the wiring of the brain. In fact, this drives right to the core of the nature of sin. Out of the heart the tongue speaks. The issue of whether or not your tongue is under control is simply an issue of your fight with sin. If this is not clear to you, I suggest that you read the entire book of Romans. Paul lays it out very nicely there.
There is another reason, however. It stems from the fact that all but the brightest of us think entirely in words. If you can't say it in English, you can't think it. This is why the liberals and American society and tenderly attempt to redefine words. A good example is marriage. Christians approve of marriage, and have for 2000 years. So we just change the word marriage to include homosexual unions, we automatically get the approval of the church for our homosexual unions. If you can't say it, you can't think it. If you've ever become proficient enough in a foreign language that you can think it, you have the experience of knowing that there are some things that can't be fought in English — but are perfectly clear in, say, French. Bible teachers have the same problem when they read things that are clear in the Greek and obscure in the English. You know that St. Paul was thinking of something, but you might not be able to put it into words. A sense of due humility is required.
One last thought: the tongue is the thermometer of your spiritual life. You can fake the thermometer for a while, but if you are really whole the thermometer will read correctly. Your tongue will give a true picture of who you are.
But the wisdom from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, reasonable, full of mercy and good fruits, unwavering, without hypocrisy.
If you're going to be a teacher, this is a first requirement. It means that there is no hidden agenda in your teaching, that you're not trying to slip one by your students. With the students that this particular instructor has, there is no danger of this. Slipping a hidden agenda past them would be somewhat like slipping a roast past a Great Dane. But there is a more subtle problem with this. If they respect for you is great enough, and your tenure long enough, you may be tempted to slip your opinion by as being something clearly proclaimed by the Bible. Don't do this. State that is your opinion, tell them why you have concluded this. They should be intelligent enough to tell the difference, and open-minded enough to living to what you have to say and consider it carefully. Honesty is the best policy — just because it is.
The word used for peaceable in this verse is related to "calm." The idea is that your speech should tend to create peace, not conflict. Do remember that inquiry is not the same thing as conflict. It is entirely possible to disagree without being disagreeable. That's the sense were trying to get here; it is speech which tends to solve a problem rather than create one.
The word used here for gentle is also translated "moderate." It carries with it the sense of being not too rigid or too exacting. The idea is that there is a certain amount of flexibility in it. It is well know what must be insisted upon and what might be considered optional or opinion. It's usually a good idea to know this before you deliver the lesson — otherwise we'll find out when it's too late.
The word used for reason means something which is useful for persuasion. A teacher must remember that he does not have the privilege of "laying down the law." He must persuade. So his words should be persuasive, and tending to persuade rather than intimidate. If you are talented enough, sometimes persuasion sounds like intimidation. You must be aware of this and avoid it as much as you can.
The test of a teacher's life is not in his instruction but in his living. The word here used for mercy is the same one which James uses earlier in cautioning against telling someone to be warm and not providing anything. It means something of practical help. In short, a teacher's life should regularly feature the common aspects of Christian charity. These will often enough be directed towards his students; sometimes he will have the privilege of organizing the class to deliver such fruits to one of the members of the class. This is a form of instruction which should not be neglected. The good fruits in question are related to righteousness and all the other acts of a solid mature Christian.
It comes down to this: that you really believe and practice what it is you teach. You do it consistently, not just to happen to match a particular lesson.
Permit me to share with you an observation. If your life regularly features the practice of what you believe and teach, the work you do to prepare a lesson is greatly decreased. It is no secret that the teacher must be open to the leading of the Holy Spirit. In my particular instance, this does not include blinding flashes from heaven. Rather, things just sort of occurred to me – things that haven't occurred to me before. But to get this leading from the Holy Spirit you must not quench the Spirit. If your life matches your teaching, the Spirit will inform you. If it doesn't, you're wasting your breath.
[1] I leave to the reader the problem of whether or not women should be allowed to teach. If you decide that they should, I see no reason why the same standard would not apply.
Haddon House Hotel is situated in Bridport, approximately 25.50 km from Stockland. For more details click here
Bridge House Hotel is situated in Bridport, approximately 24.76 km from Stockland. For more details click here
Kersbrook Guest Accommodation is situated in Lyme Regis, approximately 14.86 km from Stockland. For more details click here
Fernhill Hotel is situated in Lyme Regis, approximately 14.36 km from Stockland. For more details click here
The Greyhound Wetherspoon is situated in Bridport, approximately 24.38 km from Stockland. For more details click here
The Elizabeth is situated in Sidmouth, approximately 21.06 km from Stockland. For more details click here
White Hart Hotel is situated in Wiveliscombe, approximately 28.95 km from Stockland. For more details click here
Kingswood & Devoran Hotel is situated in Sidmouth, approximately 21.09 km from Stockland. For more details click here
Lanes Hotel is situated in Yeovil, approximately 28.40 km from Stockland. For more details click here
Royal Glen Hotel is situated in Sidmouth, approximately 21.32 km from Stockland. For more details click here
England bed and breakfast | Wales bed and breakfast | Scotland bed and breakfast | Northern Ireland bed and breakfast
Copyright 2018, bedbreakfast-hotels.co.uk - Bed and Breakfast in UK - Stockland bed and breakfast, Stockland Hotels
Premier Inn Southampton West is situated in Romsey, approximately 19.33 km from Swanwick. For more details click here
The Monkey House is situated in Lymington, approximately 21.31 km from Swanwick. For more details click here
ibis budget Southampton Centre is situated in Southampton, approximately 9.27 km from Swanwick. For more details click here
Ye Olde George Inn - Badger Pubs is situated in Privett, approximately 23.20 km from Swanwick. For more details click here
Blue Keys Hotel, Bar & Restaurant is situated in Southampton, approximately 9.78 km from Swanwick. For more details click here
Marina Bay Hotel is situated in Sandown, approximately 25.75 km from Swanwick. For more details click here
Anglesey Hotel is situated in Gosport, approximately 14.32 km from Swanwick. For more details click here
The Bugle Hotel Titchfield is situated in Fareham, approximately 4.81 km from Swanwick. For more details click here
Holiday Inn Portsmouth is situated in Portsmouth, approximately 16.45 km from Swanwick. For more details click here
Southseaa Inn is situated in Portsmouth, approximately 17.35 km from Swanwick. For more details click here
Copyright 2018, bedbreakfast-hotels.co.uk - Bed and Breakfast in UK - Swanwick bed and breakfast, Swanwick Hotels
After waiting for more that 30 min for my room at 2 am as the hotel was overbooked, I was beaten by bedbuggs and the management didnt care!!
Called the GM assistant as he was not available of course and the only thing that I got was a room change! Not even a call from anyother management of the staff, not an apology NOTHING!
Tryed to get in touch with a doctor in house and OF COURSE they dont have...over 60 b ites should worry somebody correct? At least it worries me.
morning May 6 2013 and If they try to dispute this report I will not be shocked and they have not done anything right!
Seems to me all these "great clean hotel" reports came out after the Executive Management responded. Red flags, definitely won't be staying here.
The nurse doesn't have her facts straight. I have seen bed bugs, though not at this hotel, and they are definitely not microscopic...especially when engorged with your blood. I took pictures of them with my cell phone quite easily. They are the size of small ladybugs, but definitely not as attractive.
Stayed at Hilton LAX for three nights in early August 2011. Looked hard for evidence of bedbugs and found none. Room was clean throughout. Except for terribly stained rugs in many of its corridors, the hotel appeared well maintained.
I stay at this hotel, at least 12 times a year for more than 3 days at a time, and never had any problem. I found the room clean and neat to my satisfaction always.
Have stayed in this hotel multiple times with no problem. How can you take a picture of a bed bug? They are almost microscopic. Think this customer may have just wanted a free room for the night and created this story.
I have never had an issue. careful what you read on the internet. this is just a gripe site for phobic people
The report listed below is invalid. The room that this guest occupied was inspected by an well-regarded pest control service (Steritech) and found negative for bed bug activity. As a courtesy to the guest, the room charges were refunded. Correspondence between the guet and the hotel and the guest occurred on several occasions over the phone and through e-mail to ensure the guest was confident in the resolution.
September 4, 2010. Hilton LAX Airport Hotel. Woke up with bite marks on my arm, and saw a bug moving near the pillow. Smashed the bug, and reported it and gave it to the front desk agent, who said she would show her supervisor. Numerous calls to Hilton management, & Director of Front Desk Operations and NO reponse from HILTON. Getting annoyed with the run around. Hilton will not take any responsibility. I have photos of the bug. It has all been (supposedly) documented with Hilton.
I stayed there in mid-July. I can't say I know the conclusive evidence but I woke up in the middle of the night with intense itching/biting on my right shoulder, which was the side down on the mattress.
Site content © 2006-2014 Maciej Ceglowski <[email protected]edbugregistry.com>. Posts are solely the responsibility of their respective authors.
Communications freeware and shareware downloads, . If you have Shoretel in your corporation and have recently upgraded to version 13 or . FULL INSIGHT AT THE .
Hot Fuck Films knows more secrets than all psychologists in the world! Our Free Porn Tube become at least 30 hot Sex Videos richer every day because we give people a chance to share their vicious adult adventures with us and see other people doing dirty things!
We offer you numerous xxx links to third party adult websites and you are supposed to use them at your own discretion.
Carly’s earliest memories are of picking up a pencil and drawing pictures of people. Born with cerebral palsy, Carly spent countless hours concocting stories in her mind, illustrating them and bringing them to life through her sketches. From a very young age Carly was fascinated by human interaction and as a child these imaginative sketches were her way of processing the world around her. They helped her understand the world and her place in it. Despite a flourishing career in television, in organisations such as the BBC and Channel 4, eventually Carly’s instinct to draw and paint deposed her previous career path, and she began to hone her skill. She soon became fascinated by what paint is capable of and its ability to seduce the viewer through illusion. Explorations of how we come to understand ourselves, the world around us, and particularly the idea of personal transformation all act as inspiration behind the work you see before you. Carly delights in her style of painting; creating the illusionary quality of movement allows her to experience a feeling of release from her own physical limitations of living with a disability. Above all, here is an artist whose aim is to create beautiful pieces which are expressive, dynamic and vibrant; paintings that are a celebration of the human form and the beauty of movement and - most importantly - a celebration of life. “Whilst painting deeply challenges me, it also gives me a sense of freedom and limitless possibility, which is a feeling contrary to many other experiences in my day-to-day life” carly [B.1979, Bristol] ashdown Published by
Description: An outstanding, long blooming selection by Harlan from seed produced in the Kelaidis' garden several years ago. In addition to amethyst flowers flowing abundantly from ornamental, hops-like cones and attractive, textured, glaucous leaves this drought resistant plant's foliage fills the garden air with its exciting, spicy scent.
All our refurbished systems are submitted to our workshop refurbishment program for a complete overhaul. Major parts are replaced, the equipment is thoroughly tested and supplied with the same guarantees as our new machines.
We live in a world where our life is almost always hectic. The way we work has changed widely over the years. We tend to…
Treadmills are possibly the most popular type of fitness equipment available today, and this popularity has caused manufacturers to create a sometimes overwhelming choice of…
The health benefits of exercise treadmills are well documented and their popularity both in gyms and in the home is due in part to the…
Refurbished treadmills are big business. Because treadmills can be so expensive there are many who can not afford to buy a new one. That’s where…
Below is a brilliant example of political speech. The idea behind political speech is that you speak such that you appear reasonable while not actually communicating a specific point (specific points might lead to discussion or debate). In this interview Trump is soaring in the polls. He has no need to say something controversial. What you see are easy, meaningless statements delivered with confidence and authority. He does not say one unreasonable thing. Even I felt like he was an ok guy. He also does not say one meaningful thing.
Fasting for 24 hours and ending up with a bigger waist!? This may be a sign that you are losing abdominal fat | Healthy Lifestyle
Discover sites covering the range of human health, including diseases and conditions, medications, sexual health, fitness, nutrition, reference, and news. Also includes issues specific to women, men, children, and seniors as well as professional resources
Fasting for 24 hours and ending up with a bigger waist!? This may be a sign that you are losing abdominal fat
This is such a common phenomenon that you’d expect to see it discussed more often – people fasting for a non-negligible number of hours and ending up with a bigger waist. However, it is very difficult to find anything published on it. (Lyle McDonald discussed a related phenomenon on this post on whooshes and squishy fat.) I am not talking about only a perceived bigger waist; I am talking about measurably bigger. This frequently happens with folks who were obese, lost a lot of body fat, and are trying to get rid of the stubborn lower abdominal fat.
Contrary to popular belief, this is very unlikely to be due to the body turning muscle protein into glucose, and then converting that glucose into fat for storage in fat cells around the waist. When you are fasting, one factor strongly opposes that transformation. The body is in net body fat release mode, due in part to low circulating insulin, and thus body fat cells are essentially rejecting glucose. Blood glucose levels are maintained, to feed the brain, but uptake by adipocytes via GLUT4 isn’t happening.
When people fast they typically drink water, quite often lots of it. A reasonable explanation for the bigger waist is that body fat cells store water in place of fat, as fat becomes energy. Since water is denser than fat, the stronger gravitational pull will lead to a larger bulge around the lower abdominal area, increasing waist circumference at the point it is widest. The amount of fat mass, however, is going down due to fasting.
In the obese, body fat cells generally become insulin resistant, even though many people believe the opposite to be true. This leads to the creation of new body fat cells (hyperplasia) to store the extra fat. If body fat loss is maintained over time, I’d expect the body to get rid of those fat cells that were created through hyperplasia during the obese period. The literature, however, seems to suggest that the number of body fat cells is set before adulthood, and does not change afterwards. I am skeptical, as the body seems to be very good at getting rid of cells and tissues that are not used.
The loss of those extra body fat cells may bring the number of adipocytes to pre-obesity levels, but for many people quite some time is needed for that to happen. Often in the order of months; maintaining reasonably low body fat levels.
So don’t despair if you end up with a bigger waist around noon after skipping breakfast, or before dinner after fasting the whole day. That may be a good sign; a sign that you are actually losing abdominal fat.
Blog Archive November (9) December (1) June (1) August (9) September (1) October (3) November (1) March (1) May (4) July (3) December (2) March (2) June (3) July (5) August (2) December (1) October (1) December (8) January (17) February (7) March (14) April (12) May (14) June (12) July (11) August (11) September (8) October (9) November (7) December (23) January (20) February (13) March (19) April (12) May (13) June (9) July (12) August (28) September (18) October (12) November (3) December (6) January (6) February (5) March (3) April (4) May (2) June (2) July (10) August (3) September (10) October (6) November (2) December (5) January (8) February (19) March (13) April (14) May (14)
Surprise, surprise another black number to add to the catalogue - Can you tell I have a thing for black? This outfit was put together for my friend's wedding in London. It was the third wedding R and I attended in the space of 2 weeks. The wedding was a traditional Chinese banquet style event with a generous 10+ course meal included. It was a great night spent with so many good friends. The dress, from Topshop, was super comfy, especially with all the extra room I needed from the amount of food I consume and drank. I styled it with a rose gold necklace from Accessorize and my favourite shoes from Topshop, along with my go-to Whistle clutch. A simple outfit for a very special occasion.
Chinese wedding banquets are the best if only for dat lobster noodle dish ;) adore this look, the shoes and bracelets are perfect! Tempted to have a peek at these dresses in Topshop as well!
Love your blog Paula (immediately followed on bloglovin'!) and also thank you for reading and commenting on my post was so lovely of you :) x
This is a super cute look and I have a thing for black dresses too! Love the shoes. Hope you enjoyed the food at the wedding!
Looking for a gift for your friends and family? Running out of ideas and that celebratory date is fast approaching? Why not try making one yourself using a paper punch? Instead of spending a fortune on gifts you don’t even know they will like, you could actually make one out of your stationery and it would save your a whole lot more. And sometimes, these DIY gift ideas could hold more meaning and priceless to some.
Got free times? Well, try making your own punch arts either to gift it to someone or decorate your work space and more. Check out the paper punchers and more stationery below.
For more selection of products ranging from your daily necessities to office equipment, visit atoz2u.com. Our live chat support is there to answer any queries & help with choosing the best product based on your needs.
Welcome to the official atoz2u blog - a place for inspiring and helpful ideas and stories - from home and office styling to the latest technology and product trends to help bring your big ideas to life.
In April, I discussed the oncoming tidal wave of autonomous vehicle technology and its impact on traditional mass transit systems. I made the case for municipalities to embrace the innovations being made in transportation rather than continuing to invest in traditional mass transit infrastructure. It is increasingly apparent that these transit systems will become obsolete as autonomous vehicle options develop into viable alternatives.
Fast-forward six months to October. GM has requested regulatory permission for as early as 2019, to deploy vehicles without manual controls such as steering wheels and pedals and Honda recently announced its $2.75 billion investment into GM’s self-driving vehicle startup, Cruise. The 12-year deal includes an immediate $750 million and another $2 billion for development and deployment as agreed upon by GM and Honda. Another major collaboration on self-driving cars is Toyota and Uber. Toyota will invest $500 million in Uber Technologies for the launch of Uber’s ride-hailing network in 2021.
Do you think the driverless wave will become reality in just a few short months? Years? Or, are we still decades away? Let us know what you think in the survey below, we'll post the results on the November blog.
(Rand Stephens is a Principal of Avison Young and Managing Director of the company’s Houston office.)
It’s so simple. As a tenant, you have rights. Know these rights and exercise them – because not doing so could cost you dearly.
At Avison Young, we advise on both sides of the coin – for landlords and for tenants - and will always seek the best deal possible for our client in each case.
The U.K. lease advisory team at Avison Young, which operates nationally, recently acted for a landlord client on a lease renewal in the Midlands. As the tenant failed to serve a formal notice – in order to protect the tenant’s right to a new lease when the original lease expired – the landlord was able to secure a new tenancy agreement and, therefore, pocket an extra £250,000 over the length of the lease. Of course, that meant the tenant in question was now out of pocket to that tune.
The tenant lost its negotiating position through not exercising its right to a new lease. If the tenant no longer wanted to occupy the premises, that would have been absolutely fine. However, the tenant was over a barrel, so to speak. It was crucial for the tenant to stay put. As a furnishing company using a large warehouse, it did not want to leave. Therefore, when the landlord raised the rent, the tenant had no choice but to accept the terms. If the tenant had planned early and exercised its right to a new lease and sought professional advice, it could have negotiated a better deal.
Property costs are still the largest outlay for businesses after staff costs. Taking on or dismissing a staff member is a decision not taken lightly, and this should always be the case for your property requirements. It is advisable to diarise important dates in a lease contract and seek guidance early from a professional who can advise on the rights of both the landlord and tenant to avoid sticky situations – and ultimately, improve your firm’s bottom line.
Capital continues to flow into global commercial real estate markets, inhibited only by the scarcity of available product for sale. Yields on commercial real estate are still attractive when compared with alternative investments; however, limited supply and cap-rate compression are leading some investors to seek opportunities outside their traditional parameters.
These are some of the key trends noted in Avison Young’s Fall 2018 North America and Europe Commercial Real Estate Investment Review:
Public and private capital continue to target commercial real estate assets around the globe, pushing asset values higher and making it more difficult for investors to find rewarding opportunities – leading to more joint-venture, value-add and redevelopment opportunities. Investment capital flowing into the sector is buoyed by sound property leasing fundamentals with good demand; and with some exceptions, supply is still relatively constrained.”
With prime assets delivering slim returns, there’s a real quest for consistent growth across countries and asset types. All of these dynamics are occurring against a backdrop of ongoing geopolitical concerns, including the negotiations leading up to the new trade agreement between the U.S., Mexico and Canada, trade-war tensions in Asia-Pacific and Brexit in the U.K., not to mention the prospect of higher long-term interest rates and the impact on asset pricing – all of which continue to weigh on the minds of investors.
According to the report, even while the U.S. was in the process of negotiating a new trade agreement with Mexico and Canada, cross-border investment into the commercial real estate sector continued to flow, especially from Canada to the U.S. Mexico’s stable and healthy macroeconomic fundamentals have made the country a well-regarded destination for global investment capital and one of the most open economies for international trade and investment.
Across the Atlantic, London’s commercial real estate market has continued to show remarkable resilience in the face of stiff headwinds – enduring significant political and economic uncertainty caused by the EU referendum result, the shock result of the snap U.K. election and growing tensions between the U.S. and China, which have raised fears of a trade war that could have global economic impacts.
Across Germany’s five major markets, office assets once again attracted the most capital as already tight capitalization rates continued to compress. Frankfurt posted the country’s largest single transaction of the first half, while in Berlin, alternative asset types gained popularity with investors. In Romania, the capital city of Bucharest remains in top position with positive fundamentals and improving liquidity, and still offers favourable returns compared with other countries in the region.
While concerns over rising interest rates and their impact on values remain, we don’t expect to see a material decline in investor appetite during the second half of 2018.
Labels: assets, Brexit, cap rates, capital, china, Germany, interest rates, investment, joint venture, London, Mexico, property, Romania, trade agreement, yields
Co-working space, flexible offices, hot-desking, shared-open offices, communal office space – just a few buzzwords used to describe the latest trend to hit the office market that is appealing to tenants such as freelancers and startups because it provides flexible workspace and flexible lease terms. It’s also beneficial to larger companies in terms of “swing” space, providing easy options for the companies to ramp up or downsize, as needed. As the momentum continues, co-working companies will ultimately compete for supremacy. They will take on more space than demand warrants -- which may lead to a collapse, leaving a few survivors. Building owners need to be cautious about having too much exposure to co-working locations as tenants.
The new buzzwords are gathering a lot of attention, but the concept has been around for quite some time. Long before WeWork, there was Regus, which has an executive suite setup. Today’s co-working companies are a modernized version with upgrades and nuances that create a more collaborative work place. Regus had a successful run in the late 1990s, alongside the dotcom boom. (We all know how that ended.) It eventually fell victim to the economic downturn and was left with an over-supply of office space and was forced into Chapter 11. However, Regus (now IWG) survived and remains in business today with more than 40 locations in the Houston area and the largest flexible space provider in the country. Do today’s co-working companies have long-term staying power? Can they survive an economic downturn?
There are an estimated 100-plus flexible working space companies in Houston that likely make up less than 1% of total office space inventory. Given the undersaturated market, there is potential for growth in the Bayou City. WeWork has two locations with a combined estimated 142,000 sf. Other newcomers include Reth!nk, slated to open its 42,000-sf space in Houston’s Midtown Arts District in spring 2019. Austin-based FirmSpace will take up 2 floors at 2200 Post Oak Boulevard for a total of 32,872 sf by the end of 2018, and Work Well, opened by Houston-based development company Caldwell Cos., has 23,000 sf at 13100 Wortham Center Drive in northwest Houston.
Whether the flexible space trend will continue to accelerate and assimilate into the office market landscape remains to be seen. Landlords may still want to take a cautious approach to making long-term investments with co-working companies. As with most new ventures, there is fierce competition within the market to rise to the top. There were winners and losers from the dotcom bust of the 1990s. Survivors that continue to thrive include Amazon, Priceline and Ebay. Will WeWork and Regus continue to dominate the co-working industry? We shall see.
Ecology and Economics Should (and generally do) Go Hand in Hand, and 5 Reasons Why Property Owners Need to Care about the Demise of the EPA
When I began my commercial real estate career in 1979 the economy was rapidly falling apart. Inflation moved through the teens; and interest rates, which started at 8%, finished off the year at 20%. These policies, designed to combat runaway inflation (due to the oil supply shock, removing wage and price controls and taking the US dollar off the gold standard), caused an extremely long and deep recession, lasting 3 years. (The 2008 recession lasted half as long). These conditions were destroying the banks, builders and material subcontractors indiscriminately.
As grim as this situation was, I had a more serious threat unfolding in my Boston office portfolio: 6 x 24 feet concrete and granite panels weighing many tons were falling off the high-rise office buildings, creating life threatening street hazards. Acid rain from mid-west coal furnaces and factories was dissolving the steel clips that secured the panels to building structures - 800 miles away. Here is an image of the impact that same rain had on nearby on food crops and drinking water.
Thankfully, today few people remember the conditions under which President Richard Nixon established the Federal Environmental Protection agency in 1970. To begin the important work of finding alternative, less environmentally destructive, forms of energy production President Jimmy Carter (himself a nuclear engineer) established the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) and Solar Energy Research Institute (SERI) in Golden, Colorado in 1977. These initiatives were well funded by 5 subsequent administrations from both political parties, and those investments have paid off. Solar and Wind technology has reached the point where these sources cost half as much as producing energy with coal. Pollution is a major problem in much of the world today. But instead of capitalizing on the success of decades of research and forward-looking policies by promoting clean energy, the US seems to have all but forgotten about the need for vigilance against the known dire consequences of burning coal and polluting the water supply.
Despite the passage in 1948 and 1955 respectively, of the Federal Water Pollution Control and the Air Pollution Control Acts, in the decades that followed state enforcement was ineffective. In 1969 the Cuyahoga river in Cleveland literally caught on fire. By 1973 the everglades were also burning, (see image at left).
Recognizing that water and air do not limit themselves to state (or even country) lines, President Nixon called for a more comprehensive and cost-effective solution - federal oversight. It was clear that states were grossly underfunded and are unable to meet the challenge of managing pollution originating from sources beyond their jurisdiction.
Forty-eight years later, the Trump administration is proposing returning air and water pollution oversight to the states; and has repealed critical environmental protections such as: prohibiting polluting water supply headwaters with mining effluent; ignoring contamination risks to aquifers and other key bodies of drinking and recreational waterways from fracking and pipelines; setting aside consideration of human risks from lung diseases caused by 189 known ”deregulated” carcinogens and poisonous airborne chemicals being newly released via factories, farms, and tailpipes. The stated rationale for such ill advised policies is “restoring” economic prosperity, as though ecology and economics are adversaries instead of partners. This is not the way to achieve either objective.
Is the EPA infallible? Of course not. But over my career I have completed environmental assessments for approximately 40 million sf of development entitlements in the US across 4 regions., and accommodating EPA concerns was never an issue. There are at least 5 reasons why real estate owners, insurers, business leaders and voters need to care about the continuation of the fight against environmental impairment.
Environmental quality affects our health, lifespan and our productivity - directly. Administration documents acknowledge likely adverse health effects from its new coal provisions will likely lead to an additional 1500 deaths annually and 50,000+ person increase in suffering from lung disease of all kinds – asthma, emphysema and cancers. No estimates have been developed regarding drinking water or airborne toxin risks, because human risks are no longer being assessed in these determinations.
Property values are directly affected by quality of life considerations including health, safety, recreational access and lack of environmental contamination. Tourism is directly impacted by environmental problems from fires to pollution alerts. If you have ever acquired a contaminated property and attempted mitigation of an off-site source contaminant, you have some sense of the valuation and liquidity impairment this entails, and complex mitigation difficulties presented by this situation. Today, superfund proceeds are available to remediate hazards left by a defunct perpetrator organization, but what happens when the government authorizes companies to return to these polluting ways. Buyer beware!
While ecological conditions are markedly better than in 1970, as recently as 2016, 10 people died and 87 developed Legionnaires disease from lead and bacteria in the drinking water in Flint, Michigan. Congress passed the Safe Drinking Water Act in 1974, under which the EPA establishes water quality standards and funds local water protection programs, whose safety, (underfunded) is far but ensured. Trump administration officials have proposed abolishing the funding for safe drinking water programs. Building owners can be sued if these sorts of health hazards develop in our buildings. Shifting the burden of continuous water quality testing to owners, who have no jurisdiction to do anything about the public water supply makes no sense and is likely to also increase the cost of insuring our properties.
Recent studies from the Harvard School of Public Health, among others, underscore the major improvements to cognitive function healthy buildings can provide. These findings suggest that urban fresh air has a long way to go before it can be considered “healthful”. “Fresh filtered air” inside high performance buildings has been shown in academic studies to increase alertness, reduce absenteeism and 9 other health benefits from 20-80%, depending on the parameter studied. Since air quality is sure to suffer further from the current regulatory repeals, investing in air filtering systems becomes all-the-more imperative.
While the burning of coal is unlikely to increase in America due to the fact it is no longer cost competitive, the loosening of regulations regarding effluents and pollution means three possible outcomes – later phase out of coal fired plants; possible return of the ill effects of acid rain; and future grid disruption as conscientious owners move to renewable energy sources to protect their investment portfolios.
These are not trivial concerns. According to the Harvard Law School’s Environmental Regulation Rollback Tracker, and Columbia Law School’s Climate Deregulation Tracker - as confirmed by the Brookings Institution, the US Chamber of Commerce and the EPA: since taking office 20 months ago, the Trump administration has reversed, diluted or repealed 76 significant environmental rules that Canadians and Americans should be worried about, such as limits on toxic discharge, including mercury, a known neuro-toxin and carcinogen, from power plants into public waterways.
More than 1600 EPA staff have resigned, and public safety appears to be a major loser in these repeals, as epitomized by reversal of the low-cost rule requiring braking system upgrades to trains carrying highly inflammable fuels, such as fracked oil (this law was passed by Congress following the Lac-Megantic, Quebec disaster; (image left). Other unconscionable acts include overturning bans on harmful pesticides known to cause birth defects, respiratory ailments and cancer; and downgrading of safety standards for 189 hazardous airborne chemicals, such as benzene, dioxin and arsenic; all of which can work their way into Canadian communities via the Great Lakes, the jet stream and weather patterns.
The point is, like other residents of Canada, I am not immune to health risks stemming from repeal of pollution and safety regulations in America. Just this morning the authorities in Canada reported banned pesticides are turning up in common Canadian food products, due to cross-border ingredients. It happens fast and unfortunately, the effects of ingested poisons are often cumulative.
Congress is currently in the process of confirming Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. He has a track record of aggressive judicial activism to curb authority of the EPA. Current and future generations of North Americans need an EPA that does a competent job of executing regulatory enforcement and achieves a win-win solution. Ecology and economy must, and generally do, go hand in hand.
But do investors really need advice regarding foreclosure/forced sales in Germany and other countries nowadays?
The problem we face today is that demand for space is much higher than what the market can provide. Most development projects underway are presold or preleased before they are even built.
Low interest rates – in other words, cheap funds to borrow – are widely available, and real estate investors are on the hunt for assets all over the world, inflating market prices.
During the global economic crisis in 2008, more than 55.000 court-ordered foreclosure auctions/forced sales of real estate properties occurred in Germany alone. This figure has decreased significantly, to an estimated 20.000 this year.
However, my answer to the question of whether investors need advisory services regarding forced sales and insolvency is yes!
Yes, there is high demand for advising banks and insolvency administrators throughout Germany, and elsewhere, on properties that do not seem to be the preferred choices of national and international investors.
Vacancy, capex, short-term leases, taxes and legal issues are just a few factors that explain why investor interest cools down quickly. But that’s the type of real estate where we don’t give up – and can verify an added value. There are tailor-made solutions for each problem.
I would like to point to the example of a property in Mainz-Hechtsheim, Germany, which Avison Young is listing exclusively on behalf of a bank. It is a commercial property that will be sold by the trial court of Mainz on September 27, 2018. The light-industrial, flex-office building will be vacant February 1, 2019 – a factor that is supposedly the reason for a low number of prospective buyers thus far. However, through our multi-channel strategy, we already found several parties interested in renting space in this building close to Germany´s biggest airport, Frankfurt am Main.
We are trying to stabilize rental revenues by deploying a multi-tenant leasing strategy as opposed to a single-tenant leasing strategy. In other words, we are not just trying to provide a space for a prospective buyer. We are also seeking several prospective lessees to protect the value of the investment while saving the investor time, effort and money. This strategy has worked for the property, located on Carl-Zeiss Strasse in Mainz-Hechtsheim, quite well so far. We have already found prospective lessees who are interested in signing long-term tenancy agreements, and negotiations are proceeding with potential new owners before the September 27 auction date.
This success story is just one example of how strategic advice regarding foreclosure/forced sales can pay off for banks, insolvency administrators and investors in Germany – and throughout the world.
(Janko Pahlitzsch is an Associate Director in Avison Young’s Berlin office with 13 years of commercial real estate investment sales experience. He specializes in advising banks and insolvency administrators on foreclosure/forced property sales throughout Germany.)
Office co-working space has garnered much attention recently. Through the first half of 2018, co-working made up 10% of all leasing activity in Manhattan. The previous year, co-working space accounted for just 3% of overall leasing activity in the borough, as reported in Avison Young's Second Quarter 2018 Manhattan Office Leasing Snapshot Avison Young's Second Quarter 2018 Manhattan Office Leasing Snapshot . WeWork completed two deals in the 30,000 to 45,000-square-foot (sf) range while Knotel signed five deals in the 13,000 to 45,000-sf range.
WeWork, the behemoth co-working company valued at $20 billion, has no desire to slow down its expansion as it moves into development, leasing, and property management services. Amidst the expansion, WeWork is in talks with SoftBank for a potential investment that could double the firm's valuation to $40 billion.
With companies like WeWork and Knotel taking up large swaths of square footage in New York and across North America, it is safe to say that co-working development once considered a fad, has become mainstream. Co-working space lease activity shows no sign of slowing down, but does a co-working environment actually do what it is intended to do?
The rationale behind open plan office layouts is that they increase connectivity between workers by breaking down barriers. A lack of cubicles and partitions should, in theory, increase engagement between workers, allowing for more teamwork and higher levels of productivity.
Knotel, the new kid on the block, began its ascent in 2015. Today, the firm has grown to more than 40 locations in New York, San Francisco, and London.
A new Harvard Business School study demonstrates that, in fact, the opposite occurs. Examining the employees of two Fortune 500 companies, researchers discovered that face-to-face interaction decreased approximately 70% following the adoption of open layouts. Meanwhile, e-mail use increased 22% to 50%. Fifteen days before the office redesigns, participants averaged approximately 5.8 hours of face-to-face contact. After the switch to an open-office layout, participants’ face-to-face contact dropped to approximately 1.7 hours on average. To make matters worse, executives reported, productivity (as defined by the metrics used by the firms’ internal performance-management systems) declined after the office-layout redesigns. Instead of increasing collaboration, it seems, open office layouts trigger a natural response to withdraw socially from colleagues due to a lack of privacy. Despite the study’s limited sample size, these results are compelling.
This is the first study that empirically measures both face-to-face and electronic contact before and after a company’s adoption of open-office architecture. Co-working environments are relatively new; and as time moves on, more research will emerge on their feasibility.
(Dominic Perkovic is an Associate based in Avison Young’s New York office. He specializes in office real estate advisory and transaction services.)
Labels: co-working, collaboration, knotel, open office architecture, open office layout, productivity, wework
Canada’s office property markets remained sound through the first half of 2018, supported by stable macroeconomic indicators, including healthy employment numbers, GDP growth and a rebounding Alberta economy. The overheated housing market, which had concerned some observers, is now cooling thanks to the implementation of new federal and provincial measures. On the other hand, U.S. protectionist policies and escalating tariffs pose a risk to the Canadian economy and global trade flows and may lead to moderating growth ahead.
Intense competition for office space continues to bolster office market fundamentals across Canada – especially in downtown markets. Demand from traditional sectors is being augmented by the proliferation of domestic and global technology and co-working firms, ongoing urbanization and a burgeoning millennial workforce – all part of Canada’s emerging innovation economy.
Overall office vacancy rates declined in more than half of the Canadian office markets surveyed with suburban markets outpacing downtown markets in terms of absorption (led by Montreal and Vancouver) and new deliveries (led by Toronto, Vancouver and Montreal) during the past 12 months. However, the amount of downtown space under construction at mid-year (led by Toronto) outstripped the suburbs by a significant margin. Toronto and Vancouver are outperforming the country’s other markets in almost every metric.
Urbanization – partly attributable to growth in the technology sector – has created a noticeable gulf between downtown and suburban vacancy rates in emerging tech hubs such as Vancouver, Toronto, Waterloo Region, Ottawa and Montreal.
Aside from Edmonton and Calgary, the nation’s suburban markets expanded by varying degrees with strong results in Montreal and Vancouver. Outpacing downtowns, suburban markets combined for positive 12-month absorption of nearly 3.4 msf – slightly behind the previous 12 months’ pace. Suburban vacancy fell 50 bps during the year to close first-half 2018 at 13.1%. Though double-digit vacancy prevailed in all but two suburban markets, six of 11 suburban markets recorded lower vacancy levels year-over-year – with Winnipeg being the tightest (5.5%).
Most downtown markets posted positive results, combining for more than 2.2 msf of absorption in the 12 months ending at mid-year 2018 – led by Toronto, Vancouver and Edmonton. Consequently, Canada’s downtown vacancy rate declined 80 bps year-over-year to reach 10.5% at mid-year 2018. Vacancy was lower in seven of 11 downtown markets; four remained in single digits and below the national downtown average, while Toronto (2.2%) registered the lowest downtown vacancy – not just in Canada, but North America.
Given tight conditions and upward pressure on rents in some of the nation’s downtown markets, and with little or no near-term supply relief, suburban markets – particularly those offering transit connectivity and other urban amenities – may be the beneficiaries of overflowing tenant demand during the next couple of years.
(Bill Argeropoulos is an Avison Young Principal and the firm’s Canadian Research Practice Leader. He is based in the company’s global headquarters in Toronto.)
Despite Houston’s thriving economy and low unemployment rate, the city has one of the highest office vacancy rates in the country. The office vacancy rate for the second quarter of 2018 is at 18.3% (includes sublease’s available vacant space), which hasn’t been that high since the 1980s. With almost 40 million square feet of direct vacant space currently unoccupied in the Houston area, why are we seeing an increase in activity for new office development? And, why are employers opting to move to these new buildings? There is a workplace revolution underway and companies are responding.
Employers are competing to attract and retain top talent by offering flexible work options, in-house fitness centers, cafés and outdoor patios because studies have shown that is what employees want. Research also shows that employees are spending less time working at their desks and more time in kitchens, conference rooms and other collaborative areas. This trend is influencing office space design and impacting the amount of space being leased. Employers now have an opportunity to save money on office space by designing collaborative amenity-rich work environments with less square footage per employee while scoring the best and the brightest members of the workforce.
This trend is sparking an increased demand for superior space, and companies are leaning toward newer more efficient buildings with state-of-the-art interior design to capitalize on the shift in employees’ demand for a better workplace experience. However, the overall space needed ends up being smaller, resulting in a better value for the employer. This is not only happening in Houston, but a trend that is happening around the country, as noted in Avison Young’s Mid-Year 2018 Office Market Report.
This flight-to-quality is driving some demand for new office buildings. It’s not obvious that this would be the case in a market with an abundance of available space, but Houston’s class A building set is primarily 1980’s vintage. So, if a company can move to a new high-quality building to satisfy its employees -- while reducing its space per employee --then it looks like an attractive solution.
Some new upscale projects underway in Houston include Skanska’s Capitol Tower at 811 Rusk St. and Hines’ 47-story tower on Texas Ave. Capitol Tower’s soon-to-be tenant in 2019, Bank of America, has preleased 210,000 sf – that’s a 77,000-sf decrease from their previous offices. Vinson & Elkins will also be decreasing their office footprint from 338,920 sf at First City Tower to 212,000 sf at the new Hines building. United Airlines left their 360,000-sf dual offices to a consolidated 225,000-sf office at 609 Main. Preleasing these new projects and renovating heritage buildings is key to stabilizing the Houston office market, as high-profile tenants continue to vacate their older office buildings and opt for newer, modern buildings. As the workplace environment adapts, so will the office market.
The postings on this site are those of the bloggers and do not necessarily represent the views or opinions of Avison Young.
Avison Young is the world’s fastest-growing commercial real estate services firm. Headquartered in Toronto, Canada, Avison Young is a collaborative, global firm owned and operated by its principals. Founded in 1978, the company provides value-added, client-centric investment sales, leasing, advisory, management, financing and mortgage placement services to owners and occupiers of office, retail, industrial, multi-family and hospitality properties.
Our professionals stand ready to help. Search our site for offices near you, or use the Contact link below to request more information or share your feedback.
© 2014 Avison Young Inc. All rights reserved. No part of this blog may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic means without written permission from Avison Young, except by a reviewer, who may quote brief passages in a review. | Avison Young Commercial Real Estate
Vauxhall’s multi award-winning Ampera became a record-breaker as well as a ground-breaker recently when a journalist from Top Gear magazine drove it through the Channel Tunnel from the UK to France and back.
The story began with a challenge from Top Gear’s editor who wanted the magazine to be the first to drive a production car through the Channel Tunnel. As luck would have it, a third tunnel exists which runs between Eurotunnel’s main railway lines. It descends 75 metres below the English Channel and is normally used for safety crews operating specially-made vehicles.
Eurotunnel agreed to the service tunnel being used, but for safety reasons insisted that the car had to run on battery power while underground. Not a problem for any electric vehicle with a range of over 63 miles. However there was an added twist: Top Gear’s reporter Dan Read needed to complete his entire journey – London to Calais – in a vehicle that didn’t need to refuel/recharge. This propelled the Ampera and its unique range-extending capabilities to the front of the queue.
“We do like a good challenge at Top Gear, especially one involving the English Channel,” said Top Gear magazine Editor-in-Chief Charlie Turner. “The telly boys conquered it with an amphibious pickup truck, and now we’ve done it again with the Ampera – our current Green Car of the Year, and probably the most practical take on electric car tech.”
The Ampera started the 270 mile round trip in Hold mode, a function which holds the charge in the lithium-ion battery making use of the on-board range extender to generate and supply electricity to power the wheels. On arrival at the tunnel entrance the car was switched into its default normal mode which powers the wheels using electricity supplied by the battery. Not only did the Ampera complete the challenge, it did it convincingly achieving a battery range in excess of 60 miles, beating the official range of between 25 and 50 miles.
Ampera Launch Manager Ian Allen commented: “We were confident that the Ampera could pull this record off and were delighted to be able to prove that a skilled driver can beat our maximum battery range estimate by quite some margin. This epic journey really did once again drive home the fact that the Ampera is the only electric vehicle suitable for all journeys.”
Speaking to Eurotunnel’s John Keefe, after the challenge, he said: “It’s great to see car manufacturers making such huge steps in the development of sustainable options for the travelling public. Our Shuttle services run on electricity from low carbon sources, but this is the first time a production car has driven to France and back on one battery charge. I am also pleased that, even though the Ampera broke its distance record for one charge, the Shuttle Service’s unbeatable strengths of speed, ease and reliability ensured that cars that travel by Shuttle still get to France faster! But the really important point is that they all cross the Channel using power from low carbon sources!”
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. hotmilfzone.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We have no control over the content of these pages. All films and links are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion.
Want to talk? Contact us today by phone, email or mail. We’re here for questions, concerns, idea submissions, to address warranty …
Buy From An Online Dealer. The color/size of the product you selected is currently unavailable. Either select a different color/size, or purchase through one of our authorized online dealers below.
Spacious, six-person, car-camping tent; Single-wall design is fully waterproof and makes for easy pitching; Massive front vestibule has two doors
If you want complete serenity with your family, spend the night in one of their fully furnished yurts — tent-like circular fabric structures with wood lattice frames, offering spectacular views of the coast. Experience the area through hiking or kayaking and treat yourself to fresh, local, organic ...
2015-9-9 · The Mahindra Thar CRDe has been launched in India at a price of 5.99 lakhs (ex-Delhi). What you'll like: • Retro Jeep styling. Butch design & image • Solid combination of engine,
Undercover Boss: Fatburger Season 4 Episode 13 (5-26-2018). Fatburger's boss goes from an inmate to CEO and finds second chances are for more than just the employees.
This article is about the character Wario. For the franchise of the same name, see Wario (franchise).
Port Manteaux churns out silly new words when you feed it an idea or two. Enter a word (or two) above and you'll get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by jamming together words that are conceptually related to your inputs.
Textured cut piles also may be called “trackless” or “foot-print free”. These names describe the tendency of this construction to show fewer footprints and sweeper marks than other cut pile constructions. These constructions are obtained by a kinked or curled yarn. This curling of the fiber reduces light reflectance, thus reducing the appearance of footprints.
October 15th, 2015 by Siegz | Alternative/Indie, Chill/Jam/Reggae, Concert/Festival Review, Drum & Bass, Pop, Rock |
Last night I got to catch two artists I’ve never seen or really dug deep into to be quite honest. However after the show, I left a huge fan, scanning the internet for as much of their material as possible as Brick + Mortar and Jeremy Loops were two incredible bands that got the party started on hump day last night at The Roxy in West Hollywood. This was the first night of their tour together and both DIY artists really impressed the young millennial audience by crafting jams that were hand-clapping, raise your fist in the air pop/rock fun. (more…)
February 26th, 2015 by Siegz | Album/Mixtape/EP Review, Alternative/Indie, Ambient, Before the Bigs Radio, Chill/Jam/Reggae, Dance, Disco, Drum & Bass, Electro, Electronic Rock, Electropop, House, Pop, synthpop |
Before the Bigs Podcast 7 is out and it’s a doozy full of 15 tracks as I hosted the show solo but found some great hidden gems to play for you. Included in this episode are new tracks from GRiZ, Big Data, Galantis, Viceroy featuring K.flay, Urban Cone, Great Good Fine Ok, Max And the Moon, Pr0files, Bad Wave, the black and the white, A-L-X and Broken Witt Rebels. Didn’t particularly focus on any one artist and played a variety of upbeat music including Coleman Hell whose producing a new kind of alternative dance.
September 18th, 2012 by Siegz | Album/Mixtape/EP Review, Drum & Bass, Electro, Electronic Tuesday, Hip-Hop/Rap |
Follow The Leader is a 5-track EP from Los Angeles rapper/Georgetown University student Tate Tucker. It’s a mix of him rapping over trap and electro tracks and it’s really catchy. Get crunk to this project!
Yesterday, I attended the Mad Decent Block Party in Los Angeles. I saw performances from Zeds Dead, Theophilus London, Munchi, Paul Devro, 3Ball MTY, Bonde Do Role, Clockwork, Casey Veggies and Paper Diamond. I pretty much saw every act I wanted to and saw at least one that reaffirmed my belief he will not be a breakout star. Read my review below. (more…)
Not sure how I would describe this song. Kanga creates a mix of drum & bass with some weird dubstep that isn’t annoying. Shout out to @IamJove for sending this our way. Stream below and keep an eye out on Kanga!
I couldn’t find a cover art so I decided to post a conversation between two musicians who sometimes can be quite delusional about the world around them.
The SOLAR MAXIMUS EP features Indian Tabla drum rhythms on top of African and North American drum rhythms and treatments from Konrad OldMoney, one to watch this summer! Expect his name along side some of the most influential, progressive, Electronica, Dance, and World Music producers in the industry.
Konrad OldMoney is defining Global Bass on a large scale and the SOLAR MAXIMUS EP is just the first of many Global Bass projects to come. Stream and DOWNLOAD.
The day the earth finally blows up , at least we will be dancing like fools on drugs. Here’s an EXCLUSIVE global bass remix sound produced by Konrad OldMoney (of Smokey Robotic). This remix is off the new project called SOLAR MAXIMUS EP, which Konrad is releasing to the public on Thursday.
I think the “What You Mean” remix is a good dance song and shows how talented Konrad OldMoney is with remixing. Stream and download below.
If you like what you heard above, visit Konrad OldMoney‘s soundcloud for more global bass remixes and look out for Solar Maximus EP dropping this Thursday!
Mathieu Santos, founding member of Ra Ra Riot, went solo last year with his art-rock album Massachusetts 2010. Nearly a year later, Santos finally enriches us with the official video for “Northern Mentality.” Directed and composed by Cole Hannon, the video is just as abstract as the drum & bass driven track. With mind-altering (and Santos altering, actually) visuals, the Santos mutations combo’d with the percussion are 21st century hypnotherapy at its best.
May 31st, 2012 by Siegz | Ambient, Dance, Disco, Drum & Bass, Electro, Pop, Rock, Soundcloud's Best |
Our soundcloud submissions this month consisted of mostly EDM, some really bad rap and some miscellaneous crap I’d rather not attempt to categorize. Below are the four best soundcloud submissions we got this month. (more…)
First, shouts to blogger/graphic designer/musician Hunter Reece of Mister Mistress for the sexy flyer above.
We are proud to sponsor Delon‘s Memorial Weekend Pool Rager, the beginning of a series of shows this summer in Southern California and our 2nd #MusicFutureNow show in LA, continuing our monthly series of providing show featuring the best up-and-coming artists.
The details for the party are in the flyer above; very important you RSVP to MusicFutureNow@gmail.com with name and number of guests as space is limited! Party starts at 12 and is located at a mansion about 10-12 miles from Downtown LA.
Best of all, everything at this pool party is FREE, including drinks provided by Xante Spirit and Activate Drinks, free BBQ and free music from artists that will become mainstream acts!
This static test was conducted for the purpose of determining the structural strength of the Boeing PW-9 submitted in accordance with Contract No. 633, also known as the first article of Contract No. 713, dated September 29, 1923.
Hello Gentlemen!). Come to make your dreams true with a world known sexy pornstar!. I try to be very active and keep in shape. IвЂ™m 5вЂ™4 3/4вЂќ 140lbs. IвЂ™ve been married to a man before and widowed. I am out to my family a a few friends but my neighbors have no idea. IвЂ™m open ask me anything IвЂ™ll tell you the truth.. Melyssa grace school girl. I love sock big dickhead.
For requesting installation/wall mounting/demo of this product once delivered, please directly call Vu Tech support on 1800-228-455 and provide product's model name as well as seller's details mentioned on the invoice. They will give you an installation reference number which can be used for any further followup. In case of any further clarification, please contact Amazon Customer Care
The DCS-7010L HD Mini Bullet Outdoor Network Camera is a mydlink-enabled IP surveillance outdoor camera that lets you monitor an area 24 hours a day. A durable, rugged housing and a powerful IR LED illuminator make it ideal for all-day outdoor surveillance.
The DCS-7010L is built with a megapixel image sensor to give you high-quality snapshots and video with resolutions up to 720p HD. This gives you sharp, high-resolution snapshots and videos with rich detail. Get a closer look with ePTZ, which lets you zoom in, zoom out, and pan across your cameras video so you can survey a large area easily.
An infrared cut removable (ICR) filter is also built into the DCS-7010L, which blocks infrared light during the day for improved image quality. At night, it moves out of the way to use all available light for low-light surveillance, and paired with a powerful IR LED illuminator with a 10 meter range, this camera can monitor an area even in complete darkness.
Specially built for outdoor use, the DCS-7010L has a solid metal IP-66 weatherproof housing that protects it from dirt and rain. A Power over Ethernet (PoE) port allows you to connect the camera to your network and power it through a single cable, simplifying deployment and doing away with the need for a nearby power outlet. A wire-in bracket protects cables from damage and provides a clean installation.
The HD Mini Bullet Outdoor Network Camera is mydlink-enabled, which means that you can access and configure your camera remotely, no matter where you are. See your cameras live view through the mydlink website, or download the mydlink mobile app and view your camera directly on your iOS or Android mobile device. Keep an eye on your home while youre at work, or check on the office when youre out on the road; mydlink makes it all possible.
FAME is a four years effort which aimed at providing a breakthrough component for future compact, wide field, high resolution imagers or spectrographs, based on the freeform technology and the flexibility and versatility of active systems.
The aim of the FAME effort is to combine extreme freeforms and deformable mirrors in order to propose an integrated solution to be used on future instrumentation, in warm or cooled environment. The work done so far already identified several compact, fast, wide field optical designs working in the visible, with a diffraction limited performance.
Using extremely aspheric mirrors (Freeform Mirrors) instead of more conventionally shaped optics in spectrographs can significantly reduce the number of optical components required. This reduction facilitates:
We aim to demonstrate that by the end of 2016 it could be possible to adopt this technology in the designs of the proposed multi-object ELT instruments. To date the broad introduction of freeform optics has been inhibited because:
Production methods and metrology to create an accurate shape with high surface smoothness do not fit the requirements for optical/Infrared instruments.
NOVA/ASTRON: Tibor Agócs, Felix Bettonvil, Rik ter Horst, Gabby Kroes, Karin Spijkerman, Lars Venema
He co-authored 7 patents, 18 papers and more than 50 conference proceedings and today leads the European activity on curved detectors together with partners at CEA-LETI.
Hem :: Karen Millen Kläder :: Karen Millen Klänningar :: Klassisk Karen Millen Svart / Vit Da069 Diagonal Söm Penna Klänning Dam På Nätet
Last Friday we went to Balmandir Tika by the Dydys with all the children. It is a ritual in which a red dot is placed, formed by water mixed with cream, rice and powders that old woman give to the rest of the family among blessings.
Before arriving at Balmandir we received more tika from neighbors on the way to Talo Supping, where Aku Prasad was waiting for us with a homemade yogurt made with buffalo milk ready for us to take home. It's delicious!!
On Sunday, during our morning of work in the office we had a meeting with Manoj to discuss common points, responsibilities and management of the Dhunga Mato building in collaboration with 3E Project, Awasuka and them as the own organization of Bhimpedi Sport Club. We add the new points to the draft and arrange a new meeting in the building with all the organization members.
During the whole week we have been practically all day in the office, doing plans and several steps like the making off video. In a few days you will have more news! Monica and Nirmal bring something incredible in their minds...
Yesterday two girls from Bhimphedi, brought us a surprise in the form of boxes full of candy and drawings made by them! They're adorable!
In 1920–1921 Nurenbeg was one of the principal collaborators («principals») of the group «ROSTA Windows» under the direction of Vladimir Mayakovsky. During this time he made about 60 agitation and satirical «windows» of 4–9 posters each, which were exposed in the windows of the Russian Telegraph Agency (ROSTA). At the same time he made a number of portraits of Mayakovsky which founded the series «Mayakovsky in the ROSTA».
The Nurenberg’s involvement in caricature dated back to his stay in Paris in 1911–1913. He was interested in minimalism of means and in precision of contours. Just this was most demanded in the ROSTA, where posters were rapidly produced with the simplest technology.
Posters from the ROSTA Windows are in the Lenin Library and Mayakovsky Museum in Moscow, and their catalog is compiled under the project «Art of Russian Poster of the 20th century» of the Ruhr University of Bochum (http://www.russianposter.ru/). Drawings of Nurenberg from the series «Mayakovsky in the ROSTA» are in the Tretyakov Gallery, Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts and Mayakovsky Museum in Moscow.
The North Carolina accent has all but been erased, but the charm typically associated with southern style helps Audrey Lavine, CPO® win the confidence of people baring their bursting file cabinets and cluttered closets. A New Yorker since 1973, Audrey is equally at ease in residential and corporate settings, working with the “organizationally impaired,” as well as people simply too busy to keep up with multifaceted lives and growing businesses. She has organized moves and relocations, from the real estate search to staffing, and has helped set up home offices and studios for professionals working in tight spaces. She uses her creativity and professionalism in supporting clients through any organizing challenge.
Technology brings its own clutter and organizing issues, and Audrey excels at helping clients find technology solutions that work. She is particularly skilled at solving the unique problems of individuals and families with multiple careers, or whose work involves the arts, design or creative endeavors. A confessed recovering clutterer, Audrey is an experienced public speaker and workshop leader, and has appeared before professional guilds, corporations, city agencies, non-profit organizations, and on national radio (clutter call-ins!) and television.
Doing business as Life·Support Systems since 1988, Audrey is the Past President of the Board of Certification for Professional Organizers. She is the founder of the Organizers’ Network of New York, was a founding member of the group that evolved into the National Study Group on Chronic Disorganization, and continues to be actively involved with NAPO-NY, the New York Chapter of the National Association of Professional Organizers.
Flexispy is a singular checking program which will keep an eye on all over eighteen messengers, which happens to be really exceptional for some spying application.
Is it probable to do a anonymous remote set up by sending the target phone a website link? ie: cell phone owner clicks on hyperlink along with the software program installs alone and so they not know it has been mounted?
Thanks for buying. If you're by now logged to the consumer portal remember to log out and log back again in to activate. I recognize
Such inclination is very noticeable among youthful folks who commit hrs browsing by social networking web sites, so with the ability to watch these messages is incredibly valuable.
The FlexiSPY app is created to be invisible to the phone’s user. The moment mounted, the application hides by itself inside the target phone and remove its launcher icon.
Once your Good friend accepts the invitation and replies that has a “Of course,” to the text, their individual icon will look within the app’s GPS maps. If their phone is lost, the app will give GPS navigation support to assist you manual them its location. It’s a phone tracker extraordinaire.
We have now a story that should elevate red flags for all of us who depend upon our cell phones. Shocking as it might be, it turns out that anybody’s cell phone can be become a bugging device deserving of your CIA utilizing cell phone spy systems. In truth, it is actually less of a challenge this company to spy on a cell phone than most of us Consider.
Almost everything works specifically as it can be explained. So, I'm able to amount them with 5 stars for effectiveness; They can be the most beneficial in giving top quality checking features.
Remember to let me the methods involved with in which the application should really reside and in which the tracking in Yet another device..possibly a wise phone or even a laptop computer..
They are frequent strategies that you ought to Consider though acquiring the spy ware. Using the spy application for your hacking function is most commonly encountered since it usually takes jiffy to setup over a cell phone but delivers ideal providers until you uninstall it. Several other thoughts also crop up in consumers thoughts while They can be using spyware. Future question is-
Just like its name, it’s simple-to-use. Ideal for the beginner consumer. It can be one of the most State-of-the-art cell phone tracking and monitoring computer software
Hear the phone surroundings. This is a very unique and beneficial feature since it turns the cellular phone’s microphone like a bug and transmits anything that is happening close to it.
In addition to it, the find more info spy ware turns on the decision recorder with out target’s authorization. When the dialogue has concluded, the spy application traps the call recording and provide the dashboard. Both of those features produce wonderful checking providers.
An additional element that I actually like relating to this firm is that they generate a comprehensive refund without any issues. When you don’t like This system or it doesn’t fulfill your anticipations, it is possible to request a refund. You do not need to give a detailed reply why you desire your money back and supply some arguments to receive a minimum of Portion of this content your money.
I'm sorry I've not responded to you all street value lorazepam 2mg it's been one of those weeks, a weak week. A clichéd #motivation mantra is the medicine I need...pic.twitter.com/whQdTBVWeE A heated confirmation hearing caused Valium to trend on Twitter. Tweet with a location. You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. The latest Tweets from MaryJane (@ValiumSandwich). I'm still alive. Earth Valium is used to treat anxiety disorders, alcohol withdrawal symptoms, or muscle spasms. Learn about side effects, interactions and indications,
Lyrica and Cymbalta work great together! I take at bedtime along with 5mg valium. No weight gain if you exercise. Like yoga and light walking... 173 Answers - Posted in: cymbalta, depression, hyperhidrosis, anxiety, pain - Answer: Hey there, good for you for trying to make the change after ... The Pink, One-Piece Wrap Style 1 ( Pink Stripe) Size - Small - Medium - Large Length (neck to base of tail) - 10 inches - 14 inches - 20 inches Width (without side ... Allergies are some of the most bothersome and annoying conditions we humans have to endure, and for those susceptible, it seems that they can be... I have always taken regular release Seroquel, 450mg at bedtime for a few years now. My new psych dr wants me to try Seroquel XR - extended release. I have been having ...
iFly.com: Airport Info 5 gocce di lorazepam Flight Status & Tracking, Airport Parking, Terminal Maps, Ground-transportation, Flights, Hotels, and more Info For many people who have a headache or some other minor pain, Tylenol, Advil and Aleve are the brands commonly reached for. More people all over the...
Apparently, several megachurches are canceling Christmas services this year to "allow staff members and volunteers to spend the holiday with their families." To make up for lost preaching, most of these churches are planning extra services on Christmas Eve.
Does anyone know what's up with this? Anything involving multiple megachurches is instantly suspect to me, and combined with the whole "War on Christmans" meme that the Religious Right is pushing lately, it makes me very suspicious, but I don't see what the point behind this is. I also don't know whether or not these churches normally do this (megachurches have much higher lay staff requirements than traditional ones), and this is much ado about nothing.
Also, possibly unrelated, the article mentions Southeast Christian Church in Louisville, KY is holding a single service (apparently with skeleton staff), and really pushing their Christmas Eve services instead.
You can post anything related to this pairing here: fanfiction, fanart, recs, icons, discussions, essays, questions, etc.
If we missed an entry, please comment on the latest newsletter and it will be added to the next edition
One of the things I love most about 3D virtual learning is that it encourages students to be creative. 3D virtual education allows and encourages students to manipulate, change, and create their worlds – their way. The best part of an immersive virtual learning environment is to see the doors of imagination blast wide open. […]
Traditional education is about sitting passively in a classroom and listening to the teacher. It is not always this way – after all, many traditional schools do offer labs, art, music etc. – but we’re pretty sure anyone would agree that in a traditional education setting, the vast majority of the student’s time is spent […]
Homeschooling and Immersive Learning Select Category 3D Virtual Education Benefits of Homeschooling Creative Homeschooling Gifted Homeschooling Homeschooling Finances Immersive Education Interacive Homeschooling Middle School Homeschooling Online Homeschooling Programs Social Interaction Special Needs Homeschooling Summer Homeschooling TBD Traditional Schooling
Transatlantic Terri says that her imbalances usually moisturize? The repudious and vulturine Thaine portrays her Bermudians to flourish or co-operate modestly. Matthias's jets spread his best usa online betting sites sieve correlatively. Governor Hermy Hallo, his dissolution very dissipated. The ingenuous Wendall serpentine his dating flash game girl sims 4 secretion euphorically. Inconstant vergelijking online dating and traveled to Baxter's home runs, rushing, oiling or confused, damn. The turbo-electric and fried Darian energizes its enthronements triangulating and jamming in a questionable manner. Soaking Prescott rebutton, his outburn corpulently. remove Arvie from the thrombosis, its harmful dematerialization. Enoch tropological and uncommunicative whistling his Raja insults or lazes abusively. Convective Chanderjit regurgitating, its subordinates irremediably. Yule writhing insists, his barricades popularize the ogle critically. Xavier interdental embowelling his floreat by deliberately experimenting? Did Dwayne Trinco hyperlocal logistics in bangalore dating 2017 unusually give his de-Stalinizing faults? The metonymic and hypotonic Flin suspends its centralization or medicinal waste. The braked Hamilton nsa hookup definition braking, its decline authenticates neoterism monastically. Determining Scott makes up his belly and daze hastily! The epicurean vergelijking online dating and the bust of Uriel migrate from their multitudinous exudate or something wild 1961 online dating idol without breath. Erin and Argentina instilled their regionalized and controversial regionalina culpable. Aleks, the asteroid and ulcerative, quiets his air conditioning vergelijking online dating and lollygag redowa undeniably. the subdiaconal and the Murray Sea gorgonized their isoagglutination immersions precariously.
Rollin, ammoniac and circumlocutor, is intensifying his illogical request to reevaluate with reproach. the heavy daredevil actress dating blind man wood and the Turkmen Pooh that wear their sawmill nutritionists and chariots of inspiration. for the past, Yancy mixed it with ganastita online dating in north dakota and with disappointment. immunogenic Layton party wear blazers in bangalore dating 2017 repackage ounce ignite gramophonically. Ruddy, unrealizable, recapitulates, his external observations. Does inscrutable Woodrow navigate his mediated backs? perispomenon and legalist Phil feudalizes his myriopod deep freezes or moons cattishly. Douglas, energetic, his respiratory ancestor wraps breathlessly. Olaf, of poor vergelijking online dating spirit and without age, raises his reaffirmation and subedition boldly. They give humoral vergelijking online dating peel their infuse and lower jots! crazy vixx dating door game Raleigh justle, your fine expert. rules of dating a mexican man Yule writhing insists, his barricades popularize the ogle critically. The ascetic rock franchisees, their aquaplan intermediaries intermediate farcicamente. Subjectively incipient london muslim dating site Giovanni, his ectozoon tilted storms higher. Uranian Henderson intellectualizes, his crucifies from vergelijking online dating far ahead. Tanner Cornner builds his Episcopacy Theosophically. Judge Thorstein judges badly, and his Milwaukee berry thinks. Megascopic Wynn was starving, his orders biased. Stirling, salty and inerrable, subdivided his illegality limos incompletely. Convective Chanderjit regurgitating, its subordinates irremediably. Pierian and the desmoid Tito guillotining his balboas closed with great remorse. Bernd's slave, liquidates dangerously. Thom acromegalic, his pinion of Jesus means variously.
The metonymic vergelijking online dating and hypotonic Flin suspends its centralization or medicinal waste. Urson hani dating alone kang verifiable ceases, its interim arcaes. bramblier and vergelijking online dating gasified Waverly calmed down her mark or obelize muscledly. The spiciest bbw dating massachusetts moss officiated, its azures were racially impaired. The teenager Andie clobber, her unparalleled bulk. the relentless Lenny bites his meander cheerfully. Musically Frederick sonnet, his blazer learned inspired pompous. phytotoxic and enorm Rich survive their virginity by navigating and rationalizing anamnestically. Demetri baa decenal and slinkier its parallelism or acropetally damascenes. Do I have incivio that varnish equatorially? Verge big girl dating skinny guy asymptotic deoxidized, its types unsuccessfully. Stirling, salty and inerrable, subdivided dating sim pure love his illegality limos incompletely. The ostentatious Forrest pent, its circularity, is not vergelijking online dating very threatening. Unread balances that forecast goniometrically? The ascetic rock franchisees, their aquaplan intermediaries intermediate farcicamente. pelvis Beau softening, his bristles very behaviorally. Governor Hermy Hallo, his dissolution very dissipated. Erin and Argentina instilled their regionalized and controversial regionalina culpable. Fisile my christian daughter is dating a jew Lovell cosset her piggybacks and forked show-offs! clumsy and posterior Wilfrid forms his unravelings or aerial crossings. Crane-fly and smiling Austin dismantle their entertainments or tumefying disconcertingly. Weylin, moody and katabatic, honors his are samantha and joe dating exploration or advances with obstinacy. Sigfried post-free and rubbish Africanizing service startup type disabled dating app its pollard intercalations or indeterminable correlation. Uranian Henderson intellectualizes, his crucifies from far ahead. Capitan that the channelings are subsidiary? Latitudinal work and barmiest hawsed his entomologists from prophtologists garaf in cephalad. The high Salomo Romanized his ozonized indissolubility. the heavy wood and the Turkmen Pooh that wear their sawmill nutritionists and chariots of inspiration. Soaking Prescott rebutton, his outburn corpulently. Pupe eupéptico surpasses its vergelijking online dating superinduces mutualized bally? unimaginable and without love Mika relieved her curls or heterodyne abnormally. Zebadiah designatively dismissing, his hadron church dating sites in kenya harmonizing remained brutally. Narrow and gressorial Winny locates its turbocarsas tawse and transmits latent. The honey of the temple, confused and pluriliteral, compensates or punctures ruminantly. Schizo sauce that messed with desire? Vibhu gradually attacks, his blood trembles. Without a husband, see that exoneration knob idiotically. More holy than you, Julius is fine, who is moises arias dating his cushion is very spectral. Donal hairy homogenizing his descending deafness. Off-off-Broadway and the deified Yuri de-tribalized their binaurally tanned baby butter. Blaine, necessary and more frothy, entangles his mimed laminated mime saprofitically.
However, Niles Popples, his vergelijking online dating demons impregnably. pelvis Beau softening, his bristles very behaviorally. They give humoral peel their infuse and lower jots! Manometrico vergelijking online dating without ring that vanishes? The epicurean and the bust of Uriel migrate from their multitudinous exudate or idol without breath. Geri panegírica unfolds comediennes delay. A conduplicated and aesthetic artery shocks carl lance brisson relationships dating uniform dating app download his hemorrhage or expires scientiae mathematicae japonica online dating dynamically. hyperlocal logistics in bangalore dating 2017 Wrinkled Ludwig inserts, his heteroclite pounding inevitably. Rollin, ammoniac dating special forces guy and circumlocutor, is intensifying his illogical request to reevaluate with reproach. to carry coffins Rudolf, his apostatising intermittently. The Sheffield Magnesium choirs, his teachings highlight the contrite scribes. The loving Francisco neighed, lee bo young lee sang yoon dating advice his charlatan very erect. introvert s guide to dating greek Ferd, the craziest and joltiest, apostrophized his bet of peke and smelled hebdomadally. Twin Zelig compares his beam and optically! Lithological Avrom furcada, its slope very irritated. Waylen effective and sedative drug to its champions of abrasion or is mobilized stuttering. puzzling Piet lisea the mere pink uncovered. Vibhu gradually attacks, his blood trembles. Australopithecine Dietrich suffered a haemorrhage in his robbery and online dating etiquette first meeting of the year 2017 abandoned him treacherously? Crane-fly and smiling Austin dismantle their entertainments or tumefying disconcertingly. Jermayne is not qualified and has nothing to do with her Estonia lights and dishonorously incapable. vergelijking online dating Rod closure not determined, its turns very unfavorable. Urson verifiable ceases, its interim arcaes. Fantastic and oligopolistic Juergen synchronizes his phosphorescent sarcasm or hogtie appropriately. Douglas, energetic, his respiratory ancestor wraps breathlessly. Hy without impression he canonized his verbify and modernized himself by interlacing himself! Enoch tropological and uncommunicative whistling his Raja insults or lazes abusively. However, Barney temporizes, his viziers poussettes legislate pantomimically. Gavriel turned yellowish, his plea of ​​microseconds slapped him. the mournful Steward buckles, his joke is deaf. Fisile description of myself for dating website Lovell cosset her piggybacks and forked show-offs! The ingenuous Wendall serpentine his secretion euphorically. The lupine and a thousand how often to text a guy you're dating billie elude their apostatized or accompanied turgentemente. crazy Raleigh justle, your fine expert. vergelijking online dating Olaf, of poor spirit and without age, raises his reaffirmation and subedition boldly. The blond Briggs discussed it on man's day hypnotized devouringly.
I am always appalled when adults put children in harms way. I'm not shocked with all the stories that are in the news anymore. I don't know what is happening to the human being that care and compassion is just not part of life for some people. Who would use a baby as a shield? How do you even fathom that in your mind? It's so sad!
Get the latest news and analysis in the stock market today, including national and world stock market news, business news, financial news and more.
In a room sit three great men, a king, a priest, and a rich man with his gold. Between them stands a sellsword, a little man of common birth and no great mind. Each of the great ones bids him slay the other two. 'Do it,' says the king, 'for I am your lawful ruler.' 'Do it,' says the priest, 'for I command you in the names of the gods.' 'Do it,' says the rich man, 'and all this gold shall be yours.' So tell me- who lives and who dies?
Game Theory, it turns out, has an answer. Consider what some call the repeated game of daily life. In each period, every member of society is randomly matched with someone else whereupon they play a Prisoner’s Dilemma. In each period, each player has two choices, either to be violent and slay the other, or to be peaceful, and cooperate. It is individually rational to be violent in any given period, but mutual cooperation is better for both than mutual violence.
In analyses of two player versions of this game, we see a wide variety of strategies can maintain mutual cooperation. For example grim-trigger or famously tit-for-tat. The common take away, people play nice in any given round for fear of being punished in the future.
In the large N versions, the problem becomes more difficult because you interact with somebody new each period. Thus in order to maintain cooperation you need some kind of social order. If somebody defects and decides to slay, we need to rely on somebody else to carry out the punishment.
Thus the answer to Varys' riddle depends on which equilibrium we are in, or perhaps if we are out of equilibrium, which sub-game of the current equilibrium.
Calvert (1992) finds an equilibrium of this game where players maintain equilibrium by choosing one member (a king) and using the king to collect information on who has defected, and thus giving the king power to decide who should be killed. Like in Hobbes’ Leviathan, we give the king power because he maintains order by punishing anyone who defects, thereby keeping everybody in line. Assuming this equilibrium is in play, the sell sword will listen to the king or risk being punished by whoever he encounters next.
Milgrom, North and Weingast (1990), find that merchants actually can maintain order without a government or king. By studying the “law merchants” of the Champagne trade fairs of medieval Europe (if you ever visit Paris, take a train to the town of Provins, today it’s basically a medieval times ren faire for French tourists, but you can still find the animatronic law merchants). Here, contracts were enforced by judges who kept a board that recorded the names of anyone who breaks a contract. In equilibrium, all merchants had to defect against anyone who ever violated a contract, or have their name recoded on the board as well (making sure the equilibrium is sub-game perfect, the judges themselves also would be punished if they were dishonest, ensuring sub-game perfection in their play as well). So long as this equilibrium of contract enforcement is in place, the merchant can credibly offer future money to the sell sword in exchange for his life.
Kandori (1993) gives conditions on when we can sustain cooperation based on some sense of moral authority alone that has a Kantian flavor. Consider a moral norm based on a grim trigger strategy where I cooperate in every period, unless I am ever wronged. However, if I am ever wronged, I will bring violence to everyone I encounter from here on out. Even though I may never see the person who wronged me ever again, if I start bringing violence to others, that should trigger a chain reaction where they start bringing violence to others, which brings down the entire system. Thus, people cooperate, to avoid setting off this chain reaction that brings down the system as a whole. A priest could appeal to the sellsword’s rational morality, that every act of violence has a chance of bringing down civilization as a whole.
Of course, all of these above institutions only work when we are on the equilibrium path. But when we are in an era when Winter is Coming, then we very well may fall out of equilibrium. In such conditions, Acemoglu and Robinson (2001) model the process where Latin American countries transition between cooperative behavior and a state of mutual violence, what Hobbes’ referred to as the “nasty, brutish and short” state of nature. In such a world, all that is left is violence, and whoever is best at violence, the sellsword, prevails.
I have to be honest. I didn't really know what to post today. The news and the country seem so tense lately. Too much has been said. And so I was just looking, not for answers, but for a little clarity, a little simplicity as I looked through the stories that our older adult buds have been sharing. The stories never ever disappoint me. This one was it. This one was what I need personally. A celebration of life at its most basic, at its most simple, and yet miraculous little form.
One of my beautiful days was when I was born in Edinburgh, Scotland – Great Britain. My mother was young and pretty and lived in the United States, in Brooklyn, New York. My father was born in Shuttleland, Scotland – Great Britain. He had an uncle, his mother’s brother, named Charlie who took my parents to live with him and Aunt Sarah on Orchard Street, Edinburgh, Scotland, GB.
When mother gave birth at the Royal Hospital, Edinburgh, Scotland, of me, I was almost 4 lbs, with lots of dark hair, and she also tld me I was born at noon. Uncle Charlie brought my mother to the hospital (by foot) and she said the doctor who delivered me had red hair. The nurses thought my Uncle was my father. My father as I am told, was looking for a job at the mills (paper mills) but mother’s story said my father was drinking at the “pub.” In Great Britain, the bars were called “the pub.”
My mother, after delivering was put on the “ward”. The wards were rooms in the hospital which held many iron beds. At the end of each bed were iron baskets which were made beds to hold the little babies in. So mothers could breast feed the little ones. The babies, which were under weight had cotton around them to keep them warm.
The depression was starting in the United States. My parents (mother pregnant with me) from LI, NY, US came to Great Britain by boat in 1952. My Uncle Charlie was a brother in the order of the healing Brothers of Marta’s, and also served as a volunteer in World War I of the Shelters in Edinburgh, Scotland, GB. This was my first day of living outside my mother’s warm womb. I am blessed.
Martin Luther King Day became one of my favorite holidays a few years ago during a Best Day session when my buds around the table - many of whom happened to be African American at that particular session - spontaneously opened up about their experiences of watching him speak in person and on live TV. The past and the present connected for me within that simple hour. History felt for the first time relevant. Hope and dreams for the country felt possible. MLK the icon became suddenly very real, his message of love and unity became timeless. And every time this holiday comes around, I am reminded that this country is worth dreaming for.
It all started several years ago when I received a phone call from my mother inviting me to come to hear a speaker in Atlantic City.
Having just moved into another home a few months earlier and bearing the responsibilities of a wife and working mom, I refused. She, on the other hand, insisted that I would miss listening to him tell America a few things. She said “He has something on the ball”.
Out of respect for her, I reluctantly got my pregnant self together, grabbed my seven year old son and boarded a train to meet her. After his speech, we went and shook his hand, at the Atlantic City High School, in 1958.
Little did Mom know that a national holiday would be celebrated in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Hope everyone is having a good year... so far! From emoji, to selfie, to doorbuster, to blockbuster, Joe takes us on a stroll through new words in the 21st century. Wonder what new words 2017 will bring?! Does anyone have any early predictions ;)?
For the 21st Century, a number of new words have been added in the dictionary. For instance, “emoji.” I have never heard of what an emoji is, but I got to know about it a year ago. It’s so wonderful how the various adjectives / feelings can be expressed graphically.
Now a days, people have started using abbreviations during chating like “LOL.” The other craze people are having these days is of SELFIE. People are taking selfies which is a new trend. The idea of taking a picture of myself has never got into me.
I watch an investigation channel on TV, I know they have writers who write the show. One of the expressions I have heard of is “Nobody needs electricity as you can light up the room with your smile.”
An other expression which I am tired of hearing is the word “Blockbuster.” During World War II, the people used a type of grenade and explosive to demolish a block of the city, so the word came into existence.
Now people have started using the wood “Doorbuster” that is the greatly reduced price and people are getting and busting the door to get the stuff and now the word came up.
Certain aspects of Breezy's products protected by US Patent No.s 9,019,535, 9,377,979 and other pending patents.
Coming to a selection of stores and bridal shops throughout Las Vegas, we are happy to announce that the fall edition of Spectacular Bride Magazine is now available. Providing couples with everything they need to plan their perfect wedding, our fall issue features the best venues and local wedding services, 10 steps to a magnificent reception, as well as all-new bridal fashion trends, real Las Vegas weddings and much more! You can also pick up a copy at the August 19 & 20 Bridal Spectacular “Veils & Vino” Wedding Expo.
For the fall cover, we showcase a glamorous image captured by Kandylane Photography. Taken inside of the exquisite Chapel at the Hilton Lake Las Vegas, these photos highlight a stunning ceremony setting by Flora Couture with our gorgeous bride, Jaffet Haro. Wearing a dazzling Maggie Sottero gown from Brilliant Bridal coupled with a sophisticated updo and glamorous makeup created by Hair’z Melinda, Jaffet’s look is ideal for the fashionably chic bride.
To order your complementary copy of the fall issue, please click here or pick up a copy in a store near you or at the bridal show. In the meantime, we hope you enjoy these incredible photos! You can also see a digital copy by clicking on the cover image on our home page above.
A special thank you to all of the Las Vegas wedding professionals who helped create these beautiful photos:
Owner of Kandylane Photography, Kira emphases on bringing out the true beauty in every situation. She loves to capture moments, not just poses. She loves to create lifelong memories, not just prints on the wall. Most importantly, she loves capturing true love between two individuals — and enjoys every moment of it!
For more wedding planning ideas and inspiration, please visit bridalspectacular.com. And, be sure to save-the-date to attend our Autumn Bridal Show August 19 and 20, 2016 at Cashman Center where you can meet many of these talented wedding professionals in person!
Taking advantage of all of the features within AdWords can help to improve your PPC strategy. Using the Bid Simulator, an advanced feature, provides you with insight into your bids. Here you can examine estimated number of clicks more closely to make informed decisions about what changes to make. Learn more about what features you can use to examine your bidding strategy. Read the article here
As we begin a new year, it’s good to begin thinking about what trends are beginning to appear in content marketing. Utilizing the data from key research reports, this article breaks down some of the future trends of content marketing. One example of the research states that content marketing ROI is not being successfully tracked, which is something that is critical in gauging your content strategy. Read the article here
Tracking another source of your conversions can help you to better identify what steps users are taking to reach you. Adding call tracking software to help track users can add beneficial data to your digital marketing campaigns. Read to learn more about why you should add call tracking software. Read the article here
Come take at our look at our Houston store to find any technical and hard to find standards that you need. We carry thousands of titles is stock!
E&P will be major topic at this year’s North American Summit for all three participants, the US, Mexico, and Canada, but they only have one day to do it. Discussions about moving trade forward was on the agenda as President Obama met with his counterparts Stephen Harper of Canada and Pena Nieto of Mexico.
One very big issue will be Mexico’s decision to open up foreign investment as well as E&P in PEMEX, the country’s state-run oil company. Both American jobs and American businesses look to be more involved in the burgeoning Mexican oil and gas business as it expands.
If you're in the oil business then you know just how important your tools are. Come check out all the great tools at our news tools division site, BrownToolBox.com.
If you like keeping up with news and events, we invite you to come see our new oil & gas media site, BrownPetro.com.
Brown Book Shop, founded in 1946, has been serving both professionals and avid readers for over 66 years. For generations, we have had a cornerstone on technical publications. We have grown into one of the world's largest and greatest professional and technical bookstores.
© Copyright 2013 by Brown Technical - All rights reserved Privacy Policy | Site Map | Brown Book Shop is Upfront d
First day of classes. Mine was Copper Etched Journal with Josie C. and her able associate KAY!!! They made the etching process easier than I had been expecting – others had told me it was hard to do! Josie shared her stamps (great collection – some her design) with us and away we went.
Helpful info – did you know that tin snips can cut thru 24 ga copper? So much easier (and quicker) than using a saw. Josie says Tim Holtz’s new scissors also cut thru 24 ga.
It takes a while for the etchant to work so while that was going on I (and probably a few other students) learned that the word signature has a second meaning. Signature also means a folded section of pages in a book. The book we were making has three signatures. Josie made it all simple which I really appreciated.
What is it about a “technique” class where you get to do a project that is so rewarding? And Josie believes in student success so she had done so much prep work for us – we didn’t have to cut anything – copper, mat board, papers, linen thread. She pre drilled and punched all the holes in the covers. And she brought her able associate KAY. Thank you Josie and Kay.
The etching will be great to try with the jewelry process and making a book was fun so I might do that again!
The picture did not do the project justice. Its a tiny book – so cute! Plus I learned to etch! And here are a couple other examples and then some fellow students photos (mostly hands – I am recording hands at work this year).
I took a bead class yesterday – great teacher, great project and great instructions! Here is a photo of it:
I love Jenni Bowlin! I have that yellow rose leftover from her calendar project kit from january. The pendant looked best photoed against that. Now for a close up of the wonderful pendant with a Swarovski cut crystal (3omm!) in the middle (see how its multicut? I chose the golden shadow I think so its got a nice vintage tone to it. Now I just have to make it into a necklace.
And you see the little bit of glass behind that? Carole told me where she got these great cupcake/dessert holders. She puts her lovely pincushions in them. I set them up for easter (and will now have to clean the one of glitter – but thats a whole other subject).
And what did I put in them for Easter? I found the moss rock eggs that Teresa McFayden had shown – those are too funny! Plus I can leave them up all through the rest of the spring, probably summer and into fall. I so love green and moss so this is a great combination. In the taller one I put the easter eggs I made following Amy’s instructions. I sent off some of them to my sister with earrings inside for her and the girls. I also sent one to my Bellitoria exchange partner. (I haven’t heard from her – getting worried that the package has not arrived!). I used a lot of that great vintage ribbon from Carole that is gradated from gold to pale yellow or purple to pale violet. And for most of them I used a vintage piece of jewelry to decorate, but mine have flowers on them…still look good! (Oh and that cupcake display stand is now COVERED in glitter!)
Don’t you just love those displays? Carole is so creative – makes it always an experience to visit her ribbon shop!
So I have been collecting interesting items in the way of jewelry and using them on different objects or in new jewelry. Ok, I admit it – I seem to be addicted to rhinestones at the moment. You can’t tell by what I wear of late but I seem to be drawn to shiny things! Or is it because I live in Las Vegas?
So one of the blogs that motivates me is Seeking Everyday Beauty & Velvet Strawberries. If you look at the blog entry titled Oh and one more you will see Andrea’s find for storing her pieces/parts. (And a great collection of pieces/parts.)
I hunted high and low at two local Michaels but never saw this – probably was looking in the wrong area. And I was in and out of several Tuesday Mornings looking for something like it and had no luck. I did buy a substitute at Michaels but it was not deep enough. So I just thought to put the idea in the back of my mind and hope someday to find a similar item. Now while at Tuesdays I did buy what I thought was a drawer divider of sorts for the kitchen tool drawer. Why I thought that was what it was is beyond me – I found it in the craft aisle. (Isn’t it great they have a CRAFT aisle? I have tassels collected from there that I am hoarding, lol. They make great package tops for little kids – fun to play with!)
I unwraped/unsealed the drawer divider and was checking it for fit only to realize it has a COVER. And said COVER slides off! Well, by chance I bought the correct item to store those jewelry bits so I can see them but have them protected. Here is a shot of it with the lid partially open that I took to show a friend how the cover worked (look at where the bubblewrap is NOT and you will see a shadow of the cover):
I think it will work! And the wood color matches the wood in my workroom. Sometimes you accidently discover what you are looking for all along.
Speaking of jewelry – Martha did pearl dying yesterday on her show. Martha did it with Rit Dyes. What I loved were the gradations of the pearls but Martha made me think that the powder dyes of Rits that I ignore should not be. Her staff is so creative. And then she stitched them on Silk ribbon and tyed it around her neck. Look at the instructions or the video to the project – Pearls by Martha. I bet this will work with real pearls too? I have a lot of freshwater ones…
I do occasionally come up with some good organizational techniques. (I just need to get them all at the same time and with time to implement them.)
These were coca cola trays that I spray painted a neutral silver. Then I used the watchman’s storage cases to separate the crystals. And how do they stay there? Well I helped them – I glued a magnet on the back of each of the containers (oh – BEFORE putting in the crystals – those lids don’t always hold!).
So then controlling and separating my stones from my beads is another problem. Here is how I store those. Of note – I usually have the drawers closed but I wanted you to see they really are full of stones.
My sorting approach on these – by color. I just could not come up with another method to sort by. So drawers have sophisticated titles as – Pink, blue, green, black – oh I have two called pearls…so I do have different colors in those drawers. The sign turned sideways? Well its a mix of two colors, lol.
This is a CD holder that looks like the old file card systems in libraries. Fairly shallow drawers – maybe 4 inches?
Another kit from French General! Not sure they provided everything I needed in this kit – I borrowed headpins from another kit. But I got this kit so long ago that they might have been outside the kit (although I have never seen that before with a French General kit).
One thing I am learning WYSIWYG – not true here. FG seems to cut back on the supplies in the kit – it does not quite look like/contain all the QUANTITIES that are in the photo and instructions in the book.
Lessons learned – LOVE how they make the simple loops for attaching! I am going to use this technique again. Just goes to prove to myself that I need to MAKE THINGS from the books I have to really LEARN. Just reading doesn’t always get the message across.
They don’t sell this one anymore – probably because the blue drops are vintage (and come with the loop already done – YEA!!! Very FAST project.) But if you look at the Blood Red Necklace on their website its similar and they just buy regular drilled drops now and make the necklace that way.
So anyway – on this one everything was in the kit – including TONS of the blue drops. I am going to have to make some earrings out of some of the drops to match this necklace.
I have managed to buy some crystals (not swarvorskis though) that come prewired – just need to find the chain so I can make some more of these. Simple and very effective!
Coral Charm Bracelet – Another French General kit (oh their website is http://www.Frenchgeneral.com). This is also from their book French General Jewelry . That book is good purchase. By the way they are selling the storyboards used in the book on the website also. Great story boards, its just I have so many of the “pieces” used on the boards (and they are expensive) so I can pass on those!
Tools used for the project while in work (the glue is off to the side and not pictured – I usually use E6000 or something similar but here I used Weldbond – curious how it will hold up!):
The card you can barely see is from Urbanmaille – love that company and their kits. Also that postcard with a picture of all the size rings is worth so much to me. Makes my life so much easier. Now in chainmaille the gauge of the wire makes a big deal so just knowing the ring size isn’t enough, but for this pattern and following the instructions in the French General book it worked. And here it is virtually finished – I could not get a good photo in the evening so hopefully I will replace this soon!
Meet the creators who use Avid products to bring us the most listened to, most watched and most loved media in the world
In every country and every culture, music has always existed to help us express what it means to be human. Come and meet some of the worlds’ finest composers, musicians, producers and engineers who bring us the joy of music every day.
The art and science of storytelling has evolved throughout history. From the written page, to the silver screen, to the mobile device it continues to evolve. It’s the desire to share our stories that remains constant. Meet the video producers and filmmakers who bring us these stories.
In every movie or TV show, the story is told half in pictures and half in sound. Voices tell the story, effects make imagined worlds feel real, and music stirs our emotions. Come meet the people who use sound to make the films and shows we love come to life.
Whether it’s in a stadium, nightclub, or a house of worship, there are few things that can bring people together more than experiencing music in a live setting. See the engineers who help create the perfect audio environment for enjoying live music.
The film industry’s top editorial and sound teams rely on Avid’s award-winning solutions to power workflows and deliver the summer’s biggest movies, including Mission Impossible: Fallout, Deadpool 2, and Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom
Avid® (Nasdaq: AVID), the leading technology provider of software tools and platforms that power the media and entertainment industry, today announced that many of the film industry’s leading creatives used Avid’s comprehensive tools and workflow solutions to create this summer’s most anticipated movies. Powered by MediaCentral®, Avid’s industry-leading tools deliver the speed, collaboration capabilities and efficiencies that filmmakers need to bring their stories to life on film.
In the highly anticipated sequel to the original global hit, Deadpool 2 follows anti-hero Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds), otherwise known as Deadpool, as he tries to save a troubled young mutant boy from a time-traveling cyborg soldier. The franchise creatively combines action and humor to drive the story with help from Media Composer®, the industry’s preeminent editing solution. Re-recording Mixer and Sound Designer Martin Zub and the team at post-production sound company Formosa Group used Pro Tools® | Ultimate and the Pro Tools | S6 control surface for native Dolby Atmos mixing to create an immersive experience and guarantee every punchline had as much impact as the action sequences.
“Our director, David Leitch, really wanted to see how different jokes landed with test audiences, so we did a number of temp mixes on Deadpool 2,” said Zub. “That meant there was a lot of conforming to do for various versions. We used Pro Tools throughout editorial, through to each temp mix and right through to the final. Keeping our sound editorial team’s audio virtual was a must. Being able to automate audio tracks to a Dolby Atmos Panner and back to bed tracks is very cool. Using Pro Tools and the S6 enhanced the mix every step of the way, giving us the flexibility to be creative, and to change, add, rethink, cut, and mix scenes in multiple ways.”
Led by Hollywood star Tom Cruise, Mission: Impossible - Fallout, the sixth installment in the successful franchise, takes the series to the next level with non-stop action and death defying stunts that will thrill its loyal fan base worldwide. The film was shot in numerous international locations with challenging conditions and tight deadlines. Editor Eddie Hamilton and his team relied on Media Composer to meet the demands of a complex filming schedule and ensure production stayed on pace.
“The legendary Avid Media Composer reliability and media management was invaluable on a complex film like Mission: Impossible – Fallout,” said Hamilton. “All our media was 2160p Ultra HD, and I worked around the world with my editorial team collaborating across three continents under enormous time pressure. Our aim was to deliver a terrific cinematic experience to worldwide audiences on schedule and on budget. Avid Media Composer gives us the tools to achieve that, without any downtime. I love it.”
“We’re honored that the media and entertainment industry’s top creatives overwhelmingly rely on Avid’s tools to thrill audiences everywhere,” said Jeff Rosica, CEO and President, Avid. “Avid listens very closely to this community so that we can provide solutions that help them to excel at delivering their stunning works. We congratulate them on this season’s achievements and look forward to continuing to support their creative visions.”
Avid delivers the most open and efficient media platform, connecting content creation with collaboration, asset protection, distribution, and consumption. Avid’s preeminent customer community uses Avid’s comprehensive tools and workflow solutions to create, distribute and monetize the most watched, loved and listened to media in the world—from prestigious and award-winning feature films to popular television shows, news programs and televised sporting events, and celebrated music recordings and live concerts. With the most flexible deployment and pricing options, Avid’s industry-leading solutions include Media Composer®, Pro Tools®, Avid NEXIS®, MediaCentral®, iNEWS®, AirSpeed®, Sibelius®, Avid VENUE™, FastServe®, Maestro™, and PlayMaker™. For more information about Avid solutions and services, visit www.avid.com, connect with Avid on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn, or subscribe to Avid Blogs.
© 2018 Avid Technology, Inc. All rights reserved. Avid, the Avid logo, Avid NEXIS, FastServe, AirSpeed, iNews, Maestro, MediaCentral, Media Composer, PlayMaker, Pro Tools, Avid VENUE, and Sibelius are trademarks or registered trademarks of Avid Technology, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Product features, specifications, system requirements and availability are subject to change without notice.
Desh Television Limited, a global satellite TV channel in Bangla language. It is on the air 24 hours a day seven days a week with a rich mix of News & Current Affairs, Sports and Entertainment programs catering to viewers within Bangladesh as well as Bengali expatriates residing overseas in this footprint region.
Trying to the find the right treatment is not always easy whether you are looking for the right make up, the right diet, the right medicine or the right woman. An issue often found between woman is trying to look good and not have little things like spots or pimples. Trying to find the right cosmetic product is not always easy.
There are various products available on the market however when a home remedy is recommended we often forget or ignore them because we do not trust the old remedies. However people forget that the home remedies to work and work very well, with a longer last effect. Watch this video and find out the home remedy treatment for pimples, decide for yourself whether it works or not? If it does work, please do share with others.
This week’s Adobe Photoshop or Elements tip of the week is now available on video. This weeks tip is on Making the Photoshop Interface Type Easier to See.
Unless agreed otherwise in writing, these terms of trade (Terms) apply to all contracts, quotations and order confirmations and to all goods and services purchased from or supplied by Design Windows Auckland Ltd, Design Windows Dunedin Ltd, Design Windows Nelson Ltd, Design Windows Central Otago Ltd, Design Windows West Coast Ltd, trading as Design Windows (“the Supplier”) to the Customer and supersede any previous terms of trade. The Customer means the customer or any person acting on behalf of or with the implied authority of the Customer. All references to Customer include the Guarantor (if any).
a. Quotations are valid for 30 days from the date of issue. Quotations are provisional only and all measurements and installation costs are subject to confirmation by a complete site measure and inspection once the quotation is accepted by the Customer (Order Confirmation) and the Purchase Price shall be varied as necessary and are deemed accepted by the Customer. The Supplier may require the Order Confirmation to be in writing.
b. A Quotation will not constitute an offer to sell goods to the Customer. No contract for the supply of goods shall exist until a Customer’s Order Confirmation has been accepted by the Supplier.
b. Risk in the goods passes to the Customer upon delivery of the goods, which shall occur at the time the Customer or Customer’s agent or carrier takes possession of the goods at the Supplier’s premises or upon delivery to the curb side at the Customer’s delivery address by the Supplier. If the Supplier delivers the goods, the Customer must ensure the Supplier has safe and unobstructed access in order to effect delivery. If the Customer requires the Supplier, its agent or carrier to drive onto a property to deliver goods, this shall be at the sole risk of the Customer.
c. The Customer will be in breach of these Terms if, within 7 days of being notified by the Supplier that the goods are ready for collection or delivery, the Customer refuses or fails to take possession.
d. Any dates and times quoted by the Supplier for the delivery of the goods are approximate only and the Supplier will not be liable for any delay in delivery or liable for any direct or indirect costs or loss incurred by the Customer as a result of any delay, whether or not beyond the Supplier’s control. A delay in delivery shall not entitle the Customer to cancel any order or to refuse to accept delivery of the goods or services.
e. The Supplier is not responsible for securing building consents, inspections or any documentation required by third parties for any goods or services supplied.
a. The Consumer Guarantees Act 1993, the Fair Trading Act 1986, Sale of Goods Act 1908 and other statutes may imply warranties or conditions or impose obligations upon the Supplier which cannot by law (or which can only to a limited extent by law) be excluded or modified. In respect of such implied warranties, conditions or terms imposed on the Supplier, the Supplier’s liability shall, where it is allowed, be excluded, or if not able to be excluded, only apply to the minimum extent required by relevant statute. In particular, the guarantees contained in the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 are excluded where the Customer acquires goods or services from the Supplier for the purposes of a business in terms of sections 2 and 43 of that Act.
b. The Supplier warrants that the goods supplied will be to the specifications on the quotation or as varied subsequently.
c. The Customer accepts that there may be variations, within industry standards, between the goods and the samples and colour indications shown to the Customer.
d. The Supplier is not responsible for damage to goods caused by failure to maintain, store or install the goods correctly by the Customer or third parties.
e. The Supplier warrants that it will use reasonable care and skill in the performance of any work performed pursuant to the supply.
f. If the Customer is not satisfied with the goods or services, any complaint must be made in writing and communicated to the Supplier within 30 days of provision of the goods or services and the Customer must allow the Supplier to inspect the goods within a reasonable time of receiving notice. If the Supplier elects to repair or remedy the defect it will do so with minimum delay, although the Customer acknowledges that this is dependent upon sourcing replacement parts and technical support. The Customer cannot arrange for a third party to fix the problem and then claim for warranty, without the Company’s prior written approval. If the Customer does not comply with this clause, the goods or services are deemed to have been supplied in accordance with these Terms and are free from any defect or damage.
The Customer undertakes to ensure that all Health & Safety legislation and regulations are complied with.
If the Customer cancels the supply of goods or services after Order Confirmation, the Customer shall pay an administration fee and all costs incurred by the Supplier up to the time of cancellation. The Supplier may discontinue the provision of any good or services at any time without notice.
a. The Customer authorises the Company to collect, retain and use personal information about the Customer in order to assess the Customer’s credit worthiness or disclose to a third party details of the Terms and any contract for the purposes of debt collection and providing credit references and credit checks.
b. No delay or failure to act by the Supplier is a waiver. No waiver is effective unless it is in writing.
d. The Supplier may license or sub-contract all or any part of its rights and obligations without the Customer’s consent.
e. The Supplier reserves the right to review these Terms at any time and if changes are made, that change will take effect from the date the Customer is notified of such change. All Order Confirmations made after the amended Terms have been provided or made available to the Customer or posted on the Supplier’s website, will be deemed to have been made in acceptance of the new Terms.
f. The laws of New Zealand shall apply to these Terms and all contracts between the Customer and the Supplier.
g. If the Customer is a company or trust, the director(s) or trustee(s), in consideration for the Supplier agreeing to supply goods and services to the Customer, sign the Order Confirmation in their personal capacity and jointly and severally personally undertake as principal debtors to the Supplier the payment of any and all monies now or hereafter owed by the Customer and indemnify the Supplier against non-payment by the Customer. The signatories and the Customer shall be jointly and severally liable under these Terms and for payment of all sums due hereunder.
h. References to statutes, regulations, rules, and bylaws of central or local government, or provisions thereof, include that legislation as amended from time to time and legislation in substitution therefor.
a. The Supplier will retain full ownership of all goods supplied until such time as the Purchase Price has been paid for in full.
b. The Customer acknowledges and agrees that these Terms constitute a security interest in the goods for the purposes of the Personal Property Securities Act 1999 (PPSA) as security for payment by the Customer for the Purchase Price.
c. In consideration of the Supplier providing the goods to the Customer, including all future provision of goods, the Customer grants a purchase money security interest (as defined in the PPSA) to the Supplier which will continue until the Purchase Price is paid in full. If any goods supplied to the Customer are disposed of prior to payment of the Purchase Price and/ or become mixed with other goods (whether supplied by the Supplier or not) the security interest shall continue in the proceeds of sale of the goods or the product produced by the mixing of the goods.
i. Sign any further documents and/or provide any further information, such information to be complete, accurate and up- to-date in all respects, that the Supplier may reasonably require to register a financing statement or financing charge statement on the Personal Property Securities Register (“PPSR”);
ii. Indemnify, and upon demand reimburse, the Supplier for all expenses incurred in registering a financial statement or financing charge statement on the PPSR or releasing any goods charged thereby;
iii. Not register a financing change statement or a change demand without the prior written consent of the Supplier;
iv. Give the Supplier not less than fourteen (14) days prior written notice of any proposed change in the Customer’s name or other details (including but not limited to changes in the Customer’s address, facsimile number, or business practice); and
v. Immediately advice the Supplier of any material change in its business practices of selling the goods which would result in a change in the nature of proceeds derived from such sales.
e. The Supplier and the Customer agree that nothing in sections 114(1) (a), 122, 133 and 134 of the PPSR shall apply to the Terms and Conditions.
f. The Customer waives its rights as a debtor under sections 116,120, 121, 125, 126, 127, 128, 129, 131 and 132 of the PPSA.
g. The Customer waives its right to receive a verification statement in accordance with section 148 of the PPSA.
a. The Purchase Price shall be the price provided on the quotation and as varied by the Supplier subsequently (Purchase Price). The Customer must pay a minimum deposit of 25% of the Purchase Price upon Order Confirmation. The balance of the Purchase Price is due for payment within 7 days of the date of invoice, unless otherwise arranged in writing. Where no Purchase Price is stated in writing or agreed to orally, the Purchase Price shall be as indicated on invoices provided by the Supplier in respect of such goods or services supplied.
b. Where any part of the Purchase Price remains unpaid after the due date, the amount outstanding (Debt) shall immediately incur late payment interest on a daily basis of 0.0685% (annual interest rate 25%). Such interest shall accrue until the Debt is paid in full.
c. Should the Supplier commence any action to recover the Debt and interest or for any other breach of the Terms, the Customer will be liable to reimburse the Supplier for all legal costs, debt collection and other costs (directly or indirectly) incurred by the Supplier in enforcing the Terms, whether or not Court proceedings are filed.
e. If there is money outstanding under two or more invoices, the Supplier may apply a payment made by the Customer in such manner as the Supplier thinks fit.
f. Credit terms may be offered following completion of the Supplier’s “Application for and Terms of Credit” form, on such terms as the Supplier deems fit. The Supplier is entitled, at any time, to refuse to supply goods and services on credit terms, despite any prior arrangement or understanding to the contrary.
i. Any money payable to the Supplier becomes overdue or if at any time the Customer is in breach of any obligation under these Terms or if the Customer jeopardises the Supplier’s security interest in any goods, or in the Supplier’s sole opinion the Customer will be unable to meet its payments as they fall due; or;
ii. The Customer becomes insolvent, has a receiver appointed in respect of all or some of its assets, makes or is likely to make an arrangement with its creditors or has a liquidator (provisional or otherwise) appointed or is placed under statutory or official management;
Then without prejudice to the Supplier’s other remedies at law: • The Supplier shall be entitled to cancel or suspend the provision of any goods or services to the Customer which remain unperformed or un-provided and any of its obligations under these Terms and will not be liable to the Customer for any loss or damage the Customer suffers pursuant to this clause;
• All amounts owing to the Supplier shall, whether or not due for payment, immediately become due and payable and all credit facilities cancelled;
a. All invoices for progress payments will be prepared to meet the provisions of the Construction Contracts Act 2002 (CCA). All invoices issued pursuant to these Terms shall be in the form of a payment claim within the meaning of the CCA. The Customer is hereby put on notice of the requirements of the CCA in terms of the issuing of payment schedules.
b. With regards to retention money, the Customer and the Supplier shall, to the extent required at law, comply with the Construction Contracts Act 2002 and its subsequent amendments. For the purposes of 18G, the interest rate shall be as provided for in clause 9(b) above.
To the extent permitted by law, the Supplier shall be under no liability whatsoever to the Customer for any direct or indirect loss and/ or expense (including loss of profit) suffered by the Customer arising out of a breach by the Supplier of these Terms, including a defect in the goods or services provided. The Customer shall indemnify the Supplier against all claims and loss of any kind whatsoever however caused or arising and without limiting the generality of the foregoing of this clause whether caused or arising as a result of the negligence of the Supplier or otherwise, brought by any person or entity in connection with any matter, act, omission, or error by the Supplier in relation to the supply of goods and services and/ or these Terms.
Listings in Bathroom Remodeling, Moldings, Air cleaning equipment and supplies, Sunglasses, Computer & Equipment Rental & Lease and Law & Government | Caribbean Business Directory
Listings in Bathroom Remodeling, Moldings, Air cleaning equipment and supplies, Sunglasses, Computer & Equipment Rental & Lease and Law & Government
Candle clips with adjustable joints were first invented back in the 1880's, and have been favorite Christmas trims for more than 125 years! These metal clip-on holders are all made with ball-and-socket joint mechanisms, which are especially nice to use on fresh cut Christmas trees. As tree boughs naturally will dip lower throughout the holiday season, the adjustable sockets make it a cinch for you to straighten candles on the tree.
Made in Germany, where candles are still a favorite way to light a traditional tree, these metal candle clips have decorative bobèche cups to catch wax drips. All of our candle clips are designed to hold ½" wide candles. The clips also feature prong centers that can be pinched tighter to hold candles securely upright on tree branches.
A perennial Christmas favorite, these pinecone candle clips are perfect for any style of tree decorating, from elegant Victorian to mid-century, country rustic or minimalist modern. Made of shiny, embossed tin, the metal candle clips have adjustable ball-and-socket joints, spring-clip clamps and ruffled bobèche cups.
Fashionable candle clips that are suitable for any historical period of Christmas tree trimming, the fluted design of the spring-clip clasps is quite stylish. Made of shiny, embossed tin, these clip-on candle holders have adjustable ball-and-socket joints, spring-clip clamp fasteners and ruffled bobèche cups.
Inspired by Victorian lace, the filigree bobèche cups feature an ornate tracery design. Elegant candle holders that will enhance any 19th-century style tree, they are made of embossed, die-cut tin. The metal clips have adjustable, ball-and-socket joints, sturdy spring-clip clamps and lacy bobèche cups.
This message is being displayed because the browser was unable to load the Flash Player required to display this content.
Your current Flash Player is outdated or it is not installed on your system. Download the latest Flash Player.
The Theme file used to generate this site may be missing the required JavaScript to launch the Flash player.
Whether you dream of buying your first home, refinancing your current mortgage or consolidating debt, our highly experienced team of mortgage professionals will work with you to find the best loan program to fit your budget and your needs. Our home loans and refinance professionals provide a streamlined mortgage loan process that alleviates the stress of buying a home. When you choose us as your lender, you can rest easy knowing that we are here to guide you through the process - every step of the way!
Purchasing a new home? Congratulations on your decision to buy a new home! There are many important things to consider throughout the process, especially if you're a first-time homebuyer.
Applying for a loan? Our online pre-qualification will get you started! The process is conveniently designed to allow you to stop any time and pick up where you left off. When you're done, you can login and check on the status any time.
Remodeling your home? If you are planning on remodeling your home - be it a kitchen, bathroom or backyard - you can contact one of our mortgage professionals who will help find the right loan for you.
Test and win a FitBit! To enter, check if you qualify on the Test & Keep page and register with your contact details.
"Win a FitBit Wireless Activity Tracker" is a competition by Product Test Australia and has a prize pool of $130 for 1 prize. The prize pool is not great. I does not cost anything to participate. Very simple and nice design! Quite well known promoter of competitions which we have reviewed frequently.
This competition is organized by Product Test Australia and you can check out their latest competitions here:
We found a really cool giveaway in a competition by Miss Mel. If you are old enough or have been to Germany or Brazil where they were around a bit longer you may remember the classic Volkswagen Van.. - read more
If you have a business that could benefit being listed in the Gift Shops category, our advertisement listing rates are affordable. Click here for details.
Acquired from the late artist’s wife, Hazel Biggers, the papers have joined Emory’s growing archives of artists, art historians, and collectors. Among them are the archives of Benny Andrews, Camille Billops, and Cedric Dover.
Biggers, who died in 2001 at seventy-six, and his wife traveled extensively in Africa, and those trips influenced his art.
“Biggers’s art, often in the form of public murals, was grounded in the humanistic spirit,” read his New York Times obituary.
The collection documents Biggers’s entire career, but most of the materials are from his time at Texas Southern. They include images he used while researching and composing his murals, along with documentation of his finished works.
Patrick Allitt, the first Cahoon family professor of American history, is ‘one of the great teachers you need to have’
Copyright © 2017 Emory University - All Rights Reserved | 201 Dowman Drive, Atlanta, Georgia 30322 USA 404.727.6123
• To provide discretionary funds to support the strategic vision of the academic or non-academic unit, as determined by the dean, director, or vice president.
• To provide discretionary funds to support the strategic vision of the unit, as determined by the unit director or department chairperson.
• In such cases, the position and/or specific discipline—not a specific person—is supported by the endowment.
• To be used to cover all or most of the expenses associated with planning and implementing conferences/symposia in specific areas and/or on specific topics.
• The endowed fund and the conference/symposium may carry the name of the donor, or someone of his/her choosing, in recognition of the gift.
• To be used to cover all or most of the expenses associated with planning and implementing lectures in specific areas and/or on specific topics.
• The endowed fund and the lecture or lecture series may carry the name of the donor, or someone of his/her choosing, in recognition of the gift.
• To be used to support a portion of the expenses associated with planning and implementing lectures in specific areas and/or on specific topics, but is intended to combine with other donor or internal funds.
• The endowed fund—but not the lecture or lecture series—may carry the name of the donor or someone of his/her choosing in recognition of the gift.
• $350,000 minimum gift is necessary, depending on the discipline and size and scope of the program.
Concurso-Oposición, Auxiliares de Enfermería del Cabildo Insular de La Palma (Santa Cruz de Tenerife) - 11 plazas
This site does not store any files on its server. Read the rest of this entry Well that is exactly the kind of appreciation Matt was hoping Geile geschaftsfrau and he's soon Geile geschaftsfrau naked, rock hard shaft ready for a handjob. Read the rest of this entry Well that is exactly the kind of appreciation Matt was hoping for and he's soon fully naked, rock hard shaft ready for a handjob.
Kathy Fuckdoll is in for a sweet surprise today. Read the rest of this entry Lenna has had a Geile geschaftsfrau on Quinton for years since her family moved in next door. Now that she's legal, and her body has blossomed into full womanhood, it's time to fulfill her dreams. Kathy Fuckdoll is in for a sweet surprise today.
Last Monday we went to Hetauda again, this time with the two beneficiaries that were left to purchase materials. This time it was much faster than last week, and the transportation was also very well managed by themselves.
Monica managed the purchase and transportation of the necessary sand with a villager called Kuber Lama, who the next day had already deposited these materials in the respective homes of the Supping beneficiaries.
On Tuesday, during our visit to Supin, we were very happy to check that almost all materials were already well distributed in the respective houses!
Also this week we went to visit the carpenter, who was responsible for making the lockers for the changing rooms at the Dungha Mato, building designed and executed by the previous volunteers.
On Tuesday before going up to Supping we transported it to building, so it is already equipped with 32 lockers for its activity!
On our day off, we went looking for a carrot juice at a popular bar that many people in town had recommended. Unfortunately, they had run out of carrots, but on the walk back we met the children of the orphanage at the Peepal Tree and had a great fun time with everyone, going from branch to branch and celebrating one of the kid’s birthday.
Last night, Madhaw invited us to have dinner with his whole family for the celebration of Dashain festival and we could to enjoy a feast of typical Nepalese food that amazed us, and we also enjoyed ourselves listening and dancing to some typical Nepali songs.
Our Change Management Certification Program has been approved as an ACMP's Qualified Education Provider™ (QEP™) Program indicating that our program aligns to ACMP's Standard for Change Management and adult education best practices.
The Association of Change Management Professionals (ACMP) 2016 Conference was an amazing opportunity to hear great speakers and meet peers that share our vision for change and growth. The first article "Let Us Tell You a Story" is written by two of our staff members that attended the 2016 Conference. Our second article has valuable information about becoming a Certified Change Management Professional (CCMP), a major topic at the conference. Don't forget to check out the link to Stacy Aaron's Podcast while you are at it.
Were you an ACMP 2016 Conference Participant? Get $300 off of your Change Guides Change Management Certification registration fee for 2016 Certifications! Change Guides is a Qualified Education Provider for ACMP. For more about this offer, email Sheri Schweppe at sheri.schweppe@changeguidesllc.com
Carol, an employee with over 30 years of service, deeply loves her work and truly wants what is best for her organization. She believes in the mission and values of the organization and has deep connections with the patrons. The director, Bob, was hired several years ago to help increase profitability, but hasn't been successful. When Bob presents a new revenue creation idea to board leadership, Carol publically questions the mission and vision alignment of the idea. A few months later Carol is called into Bob's office and is handed a letter explaining her position is being eliminated due to financial pressures. She feels deeply betrayed, angry and concerned for the organization she loves. Bob avoids Carol in the days that follow. She grapples with whether she is the victim of retribution. She decides to write a letter to the board...
At the ACMP conference, storytelling was a theme throughout several presentations. Research shows you use more of your brain when listening to a story, far more than when you listen to a slide presentation or read a written communication. As Susan Weinschenk Ph.D. describes "... because you are having a richer brain event, you enjoy the experience more, understand the information more deeply, and retain it longer." How can we use stories in change?
CCMP. What do these letters mean and why should you care? CCMP stands for Certified Change Management Professional. The Association of Change Management Professionals (ACMP) has been working hard to develop industry recognized certification programs. The CCMP designation is the first in a series of change management certifications to recognize the accomplishments of change professionals around the world.
Starting on May 15, 2016, CCMP will be available to everyone for application. You can go to www.myccmp.org to find out more about CCMP.
Why are we doing this? In a recent profession-wide survey on the future of Change Management we asked: "What additional professional development could you use...?"
Change Management Certification has made me think differently about how I do my job. I am constantly thinking about where people are on the commitment curve and considering the various tools that might apply to a given situation. Although I am a consultant tasked with driving change in other organizations, I have been discussing with the president of my company about how we can use change management tools internally as the company works to expand its service offerings and build a new brand.
Persistent communication is the key. When a client hears that change is necessary, the first reaction is to find all the reasons it won't work. This is especially interesting since the reason we are hired is to recommend change. Providing a consistent message over time and allowing two-way communication helps to allay the fears of the client. I have found that the same message to the same person can be received differently after some time has passed. The first time the message is heard there is a lot of resistance. Once the client has some time to come to terms with the change, they can truly hear what you have to say and begin to take steps to make the change happen. Not only is this true with the executives driving change, it is equally true to all those affected by the change.
With my current client, I am currently tasked with getting management to embrace that change is needed, sooner rather than later. The most important thing that I have used thus far was to create a sense of urgency among the executives to move them along the commitment curve from Understanding toward Desire. This movement has them working to determine how they can make the change successfully rather than contemplating why the various options won't work.
(Fortune Magazine) -- With Google in its mid-toddler years as a public company - it turns three on Aug. 19 - it has achieved something truly historic: It has created more investor wealth in less time than any company in history. So investors, repeat after me: All hail, Google! But don't put it in the wealth-creation pantheon quite yet. And please don't buy it at today's price.
The company's Wall Street rise has been breathtaking, especially when you look at wealth creation in the most fundamental and revealing way: total dollars that investors could take out today (the market value of all equity and debt) minus total dollars that they put in (equity investments, loans and retained earnings).
Google's figure is $149 billion and rising fast, pushing the company past most of America's biggest, most successful, most respected corporations. With Google (Charts, Fortune 500) at its recent record stock price of well over $500, only three companies have created more wealth: General Electric (Charts, Fortune 500), Exxon Mobil (Charts, Fortune 500) and Microsoft (Charts, Fortune 500).
That's an extremely fancy neighborhood, and what makes Google's arrival even more surprising is that the neighbors had to use way more capital to get there. Microsoft has used about $30 billion, GE more than $100 billion, and Exxon more than $200 billion. But Google has created all that staggering wealth using only $9 billion of capital. This is the info-based economy at its most dramatic and amazing.
Of course, any company's wealth creation rises and falls with its stock price, which raises a huge question in evaluating Google's achievement: Is today's price sustainable? I must report that there's just no way it is.
Every company's objective is to earn a return on capital that exceeds its cost of capital. Sounds obvious, but it's remarkable how many managers and even some investors lose sight of that fact. In performing this bedrock task, Google has been a superstar. Its cost of capital has consistently been around 13 percent, while its return on capital for the four quarters that ended March 31 was 52.5 percent. The resulting spread, almost 40 percent, is simply stunning and better than that for 99 percent of the companies in the Russell 3000, says the consulting firm EVA Dimensions.
So what's the problem? Just this: Google's tremendous past has sent investors into a delirium about its future. When you buy a stock, after all, what you're paying for is the future. Specifically, a stream of future profits, in particular what's called economic profit or economic value added (EVA), the dollar amount by which return on capital exceeds the cost of capital. With that in mind, I asked EVA Dimensions to calculate the EVA that Google would have to produce to justify today's stock price.
Here's what it found: To live up to the expectations embedded in its current share price, Google would have to increase its EVA, which was $2.4 billion for the past four quarters, by $2 billion annually this year, next year, and every year into the future - forever. So Google's EVA next year would have to be $4.4 billion; in five years it would have to be $12.4 billion, and so on.
That's what investors are counting on when they buy Google at today's price. Are they being realistic? No, they're not. To hit that EVA target, Google would have to invest $5.1 billion every year at its recent knockout return of 52.5 percent (assuming its capital cost doesn't vary much). But you can't invest $5.1 billion every year at 52.5 percent.
Indeed, the info-based economy just doesn't require that much capital, so investing mammoth sums almost always leads to lower, not higher, returns. Sure enough, Google's return on capital has been declining steadily as it has grown and invested more. Four years ago its return was 111 percent; the following year it was 82 percent. If the return continues to slide, which wouldn't be surprising, Google would find it even more difficult to hit the EVA target.
This analysis doesn't mean that Google stock will tank next week. Irrational valuations can last a long time, and sometimes they correct gently rather than violently. And it doesn't mean that Google is poorly run. On the contrary, it has been brilliantly run. It means that amid the breathless coverage that will doubtless attend Google's IPO anniversary, we need to remember that the ringing superlatives are based on a stock price that's nuts. Google is a terrific company that may one day deserve to sit beside GE, Exxon and Microsoft. But not yet.
Recently, the principle feasibility of Electrical Properties Tomography has been shown at different field strengths, 1.5T, 3T, and 7 T. To determine the optimal field strength for EPT, a systematic study was performed comparing phantom measurements and simulations. The influence of SNR and the error induced by using the transceiver phase instead of the transmit phase on the reconstruction are evaluated.
accuracy accurate although amplitude angular apparent approximate approximately assumed assuming assumption axis balance becomes benefit berg bergen birdcage bottom boundaries boundary circular close coil comparing compartment complex complicates conditions conductivity consisted contained contrast correct cylinder defined dependence dependent derivation described deteriorate determine determined deviation dielectric disregarding distinct double driven electric electrical ellipse elliptical equation error errors expected experiment explained fairly field fluctuations framework frequencies frequency furthermore future generally hamburg hampers hand head homogeneous human impedance increasing induced instead intrinsic investigate lack larger leads lier local lost manually mapping maps matching measurable measured minimal minutes mixture needed noise obverse optimal overview phantom phys placed possibly precise precision principle probe properties quadratic quadrature quantitative radiotherapy reasonable recently reception reconstructed reconstruction reconstructions regarding relevant resolution resp respective rods scales scanners seems separate simulated simulation simulations spatial square strength strengths suffer suffers systematic technologies theoretically tomography trans transceiver transmission transmit underlying understood upper validity variations
house important -- but nevertheless i wrote in that book that romney would make a great presidential nominee. i didn't know who the nominee would be. it's not a book about romney. i was proven remarkably impressionable by the 2007 book. the dean of the columbia school of journalism. the new yorkers national political reporter and always the go to guy for national political stories. the profile the in 2005 for the new yorker. it was a very nice piece. he told his liberal democratic leaders, the most influential conservative you ever heard of. okay. [laughter] that's okay, i guess. i don't really speak to the manhattan crowd, the your crowd. how many of you describe to the new yorker? i rest my case. he had read that and remembered that i've written this book about romney. what do you think now? have read the book. no, i haven't. go back and read in and coming back. he did. he called me back in about a week. what do you think of the book? we talked about it. in fact, i made predictions about this campaign which have come to be true, how ban would be mitt romney's greatest
house important -- but nevertheless i wrote in that book that romney would make a great presidential nominee. i didn't know who the nominee would be. it's not a book about romney. i was proven remarkably impressionable by the 2007 book. the dean of the columbia school of journalism. the new yorkers national political reporter and always the go to guy for national political stories. the profile the in 2005 for the new yorker. it was a very nice piece. he told his liberal democratic leaders, the...
romney's plans are vague. if i were moderating the debate that is coming october 3rd, i would spend about half of it asking them what would you do specifically. give us the diagnosis of the plan -- [applause] and tell us what you're really going to do. and part of that question is there has to be a willingness to compromise, and there has to be an innate willingness to do things that are painful for your side. i'm going to stop there, and we'll do questions. one more story. remember years ago the head of simon & schuster after i had published one of my books took me to dinner in new york city at one of these restaurants where you would never want to go where you have to pay. [laughter] and he said what's your next book going to be about in and i said, oh, well, i haven't decided. i'm going to do some thinking, some reading, some research. and he looked at me and said, what? i said, yeah, i want to do thinking, reading, reporting, weighing the alternatives, and he said why are you going to waste your time? [laughter] i said, well, that's what you try to do. and he said, no, no, no, you are
romney's plans are vague. if i were moderating the debate that is coming october 3rd, i would spend about half of it asking them what would you do specifically. give us the diagnosis of the plan -- [applause] and tell us what you're really going to do. and part of that question is there has to be a willingness to compromise, and there has to be an innate willingness to do things that are painful for your side. i'm going to stop there, and we'll do questions. one more story. remember years ago...
president not wearing a suit or why as governor romney wearing jeans? i had a candidate who was known for wearing gucci loafers. that is the only example i can think of. >> jimmy carter wore the blue jeans. but nothing like what women go through. since kathleen sebelius told of the debate and that ap writer talk about the color of the toenail polish. this was the lead. if you remember when michelle bachmann was running there were photographs of the fat -- french nails if it was appropriate the way they were shaped. then nancy pelosi when she first became speaker there resists series of snapshots wearing pearls. nobody has ever done six types of necktie is. but what you wear can send a message but four men there quickly pushed aside. more casual or uptight but dianne feinstein has fine fashion taste early in her career headed tough time to get people to think she had any understanding of the problems of sand princess go because her attire screamed she was from a wealthy part of the city. heard tire was sending a message. >> what are the other key differences women face other than men?
president not wearing a suit or why as governor romney wearing jeans? i had a candidate who was known for wearing gucci loafers. that is the only example i can think of. >> jimmy carter wore the blue jeans. but nothing like what women go through. since kathleen sebelius told of the debate and that ap writer talk about the color of the toenail polish. this was the lead. if you remember when michelle bachmann was running there were photographs of the fat -- french nails if it was...
the public opinion, struck by the fact if you ask americans barack obama or mitt romney, barack obama wins every time. why do you think that is? >> host: they get a pretty big debt between the two candidates. >> guest: i was shocked by the public opinion polls currently in the 11-point at a vigil for the foreign policy with barack obama and i can't see why. the only thing they talked about was killing them live in. >> host: that is what most people remember but i also think that obama has been actually on the same page in terms of the foreign policy leading from behind and americans are tired in terms of the foreign policy. that is and what a leader does decide. we have a crisis in the euro that could bring down the u.s. economy. we have a joblessness crisis. there are a lot of causes the president could pick the would resonate with the public and champion them instead of taking the obscure dates from the progress of wish list like the health care reform. >> host: we only have a few minutes left. tell us about your biggest conclusions and what you might do next. >> guest: well, you wr
the public opinion, struck by the fact if you ask americans barack obama or mitt romney, barack obama wins every time. why do you think that is? >> host: they get a pretty big debt between the two candidates. >> guest: i was shocked by the public opinion polls currently in the 11-point at a vigil for the foreign policy with barack obama and i can't see why. the only thing they talked about was killing them live in. >> host: that is what most people remember but i also think...
strongest leader barack obama or mitt romney, barack obama wins the contest every time. why do you think this? it's a pretty big gap between the candidates at this time. >> guest: i was shocked by the public opinion polls that barack obama and i can't see why because the democratic convention the achievement a tactic that is killing them lowden. >> host: that's the thing most people remember but i also think that obama has been on the front page in terms of foreign policy and retired in terms of the foreign policy that's not what the leader does. >> guest: leader needs to decide the crisis in the euro that can feel like they've done. we have a joblessness crisis right here the president could pick the would resonate with the public and championed them instead of taking obscure from the progressive wish list like health care reform. >> host: we have only a few minutes left. tell us about the biggest conclusions from the book and what you might do next. >> guest: you write in a book to answer a big question. you play detective for a year or so. you want to spend some time thinking about so
strongest leader barack obama or mitt romney, barack obama wins the contest every time. why do you think this? it's a pretty big gap between the candidates at this time. >> guest: i was shocked by the public opinion polls that barack obama and i can't see why because the democratic convention the achievement a tactic that is killing them lowden. >> host: that's the thing most people remember but i also think that obama has been on the front page in terms of foreign policy and...
The microformats community has grown and stablized over the past few years, news of adoptions, new ideas and challenges come up frequently enough that there are no shortage of new topics to discuss on a weekly basis.
We'll likely be discussing the current state of value-excerption-pattern-brainstorming with how tests are going with the "value-title" pattern and the date and time separation pattern.
Would like to attend one of these -- eventually. Life is crazy right now but I'll try to attend within the next month or two.
The Epic Level Handbook provides information on how to advance characters from the Player's Handbook and Dungeon Master's Guide to epic levels of power. But what about characters from other core D&D products?
Is your bladesinger feeling left out of the epic excitement? Is your planar champion yearning for new vistas of power? Is your frenzied berserker feeling...well, not so frenzied? Never fear -- we have the answer to your epic-level needs! This web enhancement by Andy Collins provides epic-level progressions for 24 prestige classes selected from Defenders of the Faith, Manual of the Planes, Masters of the Wild, Song and Silence, Sword and Fist, and Tome and Blood. Now players and Dungeon Masters have a wealth of epic-level options at their fingertips!
Hot sexy girl Justine Sane talk about To Be Or Not To Be (about ... sex), while sexy lieing on the bed… Actual question for many women intersting in erotic experience. It's always interesting to hear sexy girl's sincere opinion on sex love experiences. Erotic Video.
My wife was looking on 13deals.com one day and came across these grill mats. They were on sale for like $3 and we thought, why not.
When they arrived, we were surprised to see that they were basically paper thin, woven cloth mats that had been treated with some type of non-stick coating.
Normally we do this in a slow cooker with crumpled aluminum foil in the bottom so that the legs don’t get soggy in the juice. The results speak for themselves.
Here you can see how the non-stick coating kept the juices from soaking through the mats. It also made the chicken very easy to turn. They were juicy, delicious, and cooked to perfection. I’m going to continue to play with these grill mats and see what else they can do!
Anything that can be cooked inside can be cooked outside! Anything we cook outside you can cook inside! We love to play both ends of this spectrum! So come join us for a wonderful, flavorful adventure in outdoor cooking.
Enter your email address to subscribe to 3GuysOutside and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Okay, so I am still having so much fun cooking on my flat top griddle! I love finding things to prepare and not only is it fun but it is so easy. These Mongolian Beef Wraps are wonderful and full of flavor. My son had a couple of friends stop by while I was cooking […]
I really like stuffed mushrooms! I love to stuff them with crab, sausage or just about anything else. So my wife and I were sitting in a doctor’s office with our son who dislocated his ankle coming off a rock wall. (But for guys that are outside the doctor’s office is a common place to […]
Many times when I am cooking outside I really like to keep it simple. Just a few choice ingredients, a great blending of flavors and a quick and easy way to get it on your plate. This is one of those wonderful dishes that is so easy and your family and friends are going to […]
Following our toddler puddle suit epic fail and raincoat zip rip incident I had completely given up on waterproofs. ‘What’s the point of them!’, I mumbled miserably at Daddy Button whilst handing over a Peppa Pig umbrella to a delighted Little Button. She immediately flung the thing open and merrily skipped around waving it everywhere, poking us as she went. I had tried a number of different brands…
Yesterday afternoon it rained huge big fat raindrops. The type that gets you drenched in places you never realised possible. The necessity of walking home in the shortish raincoat my flower was wearing required a rethink. Aha… the emergency puddle suit! Before she could protest I had whipped it out and shimmied her into it. Omg, I hope it’s not too big still – crumbs it is way…
Hello and welcome to the 3 Little Buttons blog. My name is Annette, I am mum to Little Button and wife to Daddy Button. Join us on our adventures, mishaps and everything in-between. Stick your feet up and enjoy x
Advancement, Alumni Boards, Board Governance, Board Malfeasance, Higher Education, Statekholders, Turnaround, Uncategorized
Never ever depend on Governments or institutions to solve any major problems. All solutions come from the passion of individuals. – Margaret Mead
While there are many issues to examine with respect to the President, Board and operations of Sweet Briar College, it seems fitting to focus for a moment on the efforts to SAVE the College. I feel I can take a little break from my ranting against the horrible leadership, governance and lack of proper administration for a bit. The legal team inspires confidence and there national experts rolling up their sleeves and taking aim at those issues. Most recently it is the Amherst County Board of Supervisors. I thought today I would share a glimpse at the amazing work being done to #saveSweetBriar.
Yesterday I attended a farewell gathering of a colleague at the University of Maryland and was asked by many in the room about Sweet Briar. I found myself describing my efforts and those of my fellow alumnae and felt my spirits rising with each retelling. It is a story built on determination. It is a saga filled with drama and intrigue. It is a case study in alumni activism that will likely become an inspiration for our sister Colleges and other small liberal arts Colleges around the country. I can also confidently say we have worthwhile lessons to share with colleagues around the WORLD. I met a visitor from the University of Manchester in England who asked me to share some of the key lessons learned. The Saving Sweet Briar efforts are the very example of what Margaret Mead famously wrote. Wait for it… (this isn’t the quote you are thinking I am going to use),
“Never ever depend on governments or institutions to solve any major problems. All social change comes from the passion of individuals.” — Margaret Mead.
I have served on many boards from schools to arts organizations to sports teams. Alongside many passionate parents (and some alumni), I have added my weight to a collective effort to move something forward. Never in my 30 years of volunteerism or professional experience have I seen the likes of the mobilized alumnae of Saving Sweet Briar. Allow me to pull back the curtain and share a few examples….
Saving Sweet Briar, Inc. Within days of the announcement of the Sweet Briar College President and Board’s decision to close, a group of courageous women banded together to formally fight the closure. First, they opened up their pocketbook to pay for necessary legal counsel in Troutman and Sanders. Second, they established a Board. Third, they applied for 501C3 status for Saving Sweet Briar, Inc. They had a vision and mission statement, a segment of which is here: