An all inclusive game night box in which everything needed to sit down and play with friends is provided.
Everything you need to sit down and play. This tier includes a paperback copy of the adventure professionally printed in full color and a PDF download of the adventure emailed to you, a 24in. x 30in. grid map and marker, a random set of dice, a dice bag, 8 custom minis designed specifically for this adventure (3x Crocodiles, 2x Gargoyles, 1x Shackles, 1x Flesh Golem, 1x Ghost), a potion of Cure Light Wounds or Potion of Healing, and a snack! This is the no effort required package. Just open and play. Designed with new players in mind, and added twists to keep veterans coming back!
Backing with no reward, just the thankfulness of one man who will add your name to the list of backers to be portrayed in the back of the book upon the successful funding of this campaign.
A PDF of the adventure "Into the Storm" emailed to you, and your name added to a list of backers on a dedicated "Thank you" page in the adventure book.
Tagging items helps BoardGameData categorize our database so we can help you find the projects and articles you are most interested in.
That is what I think went on strategically. I just think keeping Betley in motion makes more Princeton's choices more complicated. He may get in the way of other guys getting to the basket, and he may allow Bell to double or otherwise cause some havoc, but I'd still prefer to make Princeton make those choices, rather than coming to a gentleman's agreement that we're just going to play the 2nd half with our best scorer and their best defender standing together in the corner.
Of course, it worked (or at least worked well enough). Just not the choice I would have made. That's why I coach 8th graders and Steve coaches division 1 athletes.
I think the comment by Donahue that, "I’m a big analytics guy. Nobody on our team has more than a 22 percent usage rate at the end of a possession," is really the reason for what happened. If Princeton is going to put its best defensive player on Betley, then we'll move the ball around to different players.
For the first time since 2007, we have 5 starters who are legitimate 2 way basketball players. If they want to key on someone, the other guys will beat you. The only question is foul shots, and all we can do is hope that that will improve.
Has anybody else noticed that, in the last-- Oh, I don't know-- five games, the team seems to have figured out how to exploit double teams?
How long have we been crying for our big men to dish to open men (that being said, DNH is prospering in Europe--and still never dishes--- http://basketball.eurobasket.com/team/Austria/UBSC... )
To be fair, it not just on the guy in the middle. You need other players to either get in the right spot on the perimeter at the right moment, or to correctly time a cut to the basket and be ready to receive a pass.
I think this team is starting to get it. AJ and Max are both great passers. When they get it and others cut, good things happen. Darnell, Antonio, Jarrod and Betley all did that in the game and scored as a result.
Donahue was fully aware of Princeton's Achilles heel which is interior defense. Princeton has no interior defense and Penn exploited that especially in the second half. Last year we had Peter Miller who was a very good interior defender. This year we have no one and Mitch Henderson is going to have to solve that problem. Otherwise Penn is going to destroy Princeton on the interior next time. As much as I like Freshman Much, he is only 6'8" and is a below average defender. Yet he starts at Center.
Much's problem isn't that he's only 6-8. Brodeur and Rothschild are both 6-8 as well. The problem is that Much simply isn't an interior player. He really seems like a wing. Brodeur and Rothschild are both inside bangers by mentality, and have the skills to go with that.
Of course, they tried doubling down to help in the first half and the result was 19 points for Betley. With a zone/double destroyer like Betley, it does create matchup problems for Princeton.
You are correct. Much is a wing not a center. That he started at center is evidence of the lack inside presence. He is going to be an elite player, but as a wing.
Princeton has had a problem with interior defense from day one. Gladson just came back from injury and played in his first game. Maybe they start Gladson at center with Much on the wing.
Copyright © 2004-2012 Basketball U. Terms of Use for our Site and Privacy Policy are applicable to you. All rights reserved.
Basketball U. and its subsidiaries are not affiliated in any way with any NCAA athletic conference or member institution.
BoatArt specializes in Custom Names, Logos and Graphic Artwork for all marine vessels. All logos and lettering can be applied to Transoms, Tenders, Waverunners, Jet Skis, Liferings, Nameboards and the ship's accompanying vehicles.
Our LED signs offer your Yacht State-of-the-Art electronic sign technology combined with the highest level of quality and service.
The finest and our premium product. We use 316L stainless steel manufactured by Thyssen. All steel is finished to a mirror polish with beveled and hand-polished edges.
All vinyl art comes with a 9-10 year outdoor life guarantee. We work with 3M, Avery and Oracal products. Metallic and ultra-metallic jobs carry a 5-7 year guarantee. The 22K Real Gold™ vinyl is guaranteed for 10 years on exterior surfaces and for 14 years on interior surfaces.
We provide you with a team of well-balanced professionals that work diligently behind the scenes to design, produce and install your unique yacht signage.
IKEA - GÅRÖ, Hammock stand, outdoor, The hammock stand is easy to move since it has a wheel on one side. Just tilt the stand and roll it out of the way when you
Edition information: ITU Geneva 2018Description: 153 p. tabl.; gráf.ISBN: 978-92-61-26391-1.Subject(s): Tecnologías de la información y la comunicación | mobile technologies | m-Powering Development Initiative | new business modelOnline resources: Más información | Acceso a la publicación Summary: This report sets out the great promise of mobile technology and communications that is now opening up to developing economies. Widespread ownership and use of the mobile phone can fast-track progress towards a digital age, transforming the daily lives of millions – especially impacting women, the poor and those in remote and rural areas – and igniting the growth of their economies for the benefit of all. The promise is very real – and importantly, as this report vividly demonstrates, it is within reach. But how best can this great journey be undertaken? Why invest time, effort and resources? What assets are needed? And who can help? Questions abound. But the value of this report lies in its insistence on clear-eyed, practical ways forward – on specifics and real-life examples where countries and projects have succeeded and are succeeding in forging real, positive change. So the report charts a clear path forward, not only informing but convincing too. Above all it enables, inspires – and empowers
I'm a bit behind from blogging as I have so many things on my plate lately, plus I sprained my ankle about three weeks ago and still recovery for it. Some of my friends kept saying that I injured because of my art. LOL
Anyway, Ms. Nina was 6 days old when I took her newborn pictures. Look at some cute pictures of her below!
In Newborn, Studio, MCAS Iwakuni, Iwakuni Photographer, Japan Tags Newborn, Baby Girl, iwakuni photographer, MCAS Iwakuni Photographer, Baby Details, Tiny Toes
County AtlanticBergenBurlingtonCamdenCape MayCumberlandEssexGloucesterHudsonHunterdonMercerMiddlesexMonmouthMorrisOceanPassaicSalemSomersetSussexUnionWarrenNew York CityPhiladelphia
NATURE CAMP ALL GROWN UP Summer Nature Camp is one of our best and most popular programs, but why should kids have all the fun? ADULTS ONLY can have fun discovering the joys of nature with some of our best camp programs. Ages 18 through 98. Pre-registration is required by calling 609-427-3052 at least a day in advance. Nature Detectives Saturday, November 17 9:30 AM – 11:00 AM Many of...
The perfect fall family tradition! Make delicious, homemade apple cider using an old-fashioned, hand-cranked cider press, and learn fun facts about the amazing apple. Best of all, enjoy the fruits of your labor, and sample the fresh cider. Saturdays & Sundays: October 28, November 10, 11, 24 & 25 Demonstrations run at 1 p.m. or 2:30 p.m.
Indoor ActivitiesFor FamiliesPreschooler (2-5)Kids (5-9)Tweens & Teens (10+)Holiday (seasonal events)Nature (science, outdoors, gardens, animals)
HOT APPLE CIDER ATERNOON HIKE Saturday, November 17th (National Take a Hike Day) 2:30pm - 3:30pm It’s National Take a Hike day! Join a Cora Hartshorn Arboretum Naturalist for a guided hike through our woodlands and discover how the forest prepares for winter. After the hike join us in the historic Stone House for a cup of mulled “Jersey Fresh” apple cider and a Q&A about the animals of...
Outdoor ActivitiesFor FamiliesFor Grown-upsBaby (under 2)Preschooler (2-5)Kids (5-9)Tweens & Teens (10+)Nature (science, outdoors, gardens, animals)
Indoor ActivitiesFor FamiliesPreschooler (2-5)Kids (5-9)Museums (workshops, exhibits, tours)Nature (science, outdoors, gardens, animals)Shows (concerts, dance, theater, movies)
Come learn how the Lenape people used the natural world around them. The ancestral Lenape who once lived in New Jersey made the most of the native plants around them for food, shelter, and medicine. They used trees for transportation, plants to add color to their clothing, and reptiles to create musical instruments. During this program we will get to explore these natural tools and some Lenape...
Indoor ActivitiesOutdoor ActivitiesFor FamiliesKids (5-9)Tweens & Teens (10+)Museums (workshops, exhibits, tours)Nature (science, outdoors, gardens, animals)
Enjoy story time in the Planetarium as youngsters and their families learn about the stars and planets. There is no extra charge for stuffed animal friends. (ages 4-8) Reservations recommended
Indoor ActivitiesFor FamiliesKids (5-9)Museums (workshops, exhibits, tours)Nature (science, outdoors, gardens, animals)Shows (concerts, dance, theater, movies)
We’ll start with a look at what stars and planets are visible in tonight’s sky. Then take an amazing journey through our solar system, visiting each of the planets, plus the famous dwarf planet, Pluto. Beautiful images taken from orbiting satellites blend with high-end animations and current information on our neighborhood of planets.(10-adult) Reservations recommended
Indoor ActivitiesFor Grown-upsTweens & Teens (10+)Museums (workshops, exhibits, tours)Nature (science, outdoors, gardens, animals)Shows (concerts, dance, theater, movies)
Kids will be thrilled to visit the McStuffins Toy Hospital and work with Doc, Chilly, and other characters from the TV show in this new LSC exhibit. They'll help care for patients in the Operating Room, Nursery, Emergency Room, and Pet Vet Clinic while learning about the importance of caring for themselves and others. They'll even learn about making good choices to stay...
Indoor ActivitiesFor FamiliesPreschooler (2-5)Kids (5-9)Nature (science, outdoors, gardens, animals)
Indoor ActivitiesKids (5-9)Tweens & Teens (10+)Museums (workshops, exhibits, tours)Nature (science, outdoors, gardens, animals)Shows (concerts, dance, theater, movies)
AllFree EventsIndoor ActivitiesOutdoor ActivitiesFor FamiliesFor Grown-upsBaby (under 2)Preschooler (2-5)Kids (5-9)Tweens & Teens (10+)Special Needs (for families with children with special needs)Art (crafts, fine art, jewelry making, pottery)Books (storytelling, author events, library programs)Festivals (fairs, parties, parades)Holiday (seasonal events)Jersey Shore (from Sandy Hook to Cape May)Museums (workshops, exhibits, tours)Nature (science, outdoors, gardens, animals)Open Houses (schools, camps, free demo classes)Parenting (seminars, workshops, events, mom/dad groups)Shows (concerts, dance, theater, movies)Sports (events, games)
Blogs » lesson of life » No Banners : No Pop-ups : Extremely Addictive Internet Lifestyle for Nation
2. A sad thing in life is when you meet someone who means a lot to you, only to find out in the end that it was never meant to be and you just have to let go.
3. The best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on a porch swing with, never say a word, and then walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you've ever had.
4. It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been issing until it arrives.
5. It takes only a minute to get a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone-but it takes a lifetime to forget someone.
6. Don't go for looks; they can deceive. Don't go for wealth; even that fades away. Go for someone who makes you smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark day seem bright.
7. Dream what you want to dream; go where you want to go; be what you want to be, because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do.
8. Always put yourself in the other's shoes. If you feel that it hurts you, it probably hurts the person too.
9. A careless word may kindle strife; a cruel word may wreck a life; a timely word may level stress; a loving word may heal and bless.
10. The happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything they just make the most of everything that comes along their way.
11. Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, ends with a tear. When you were born, you were crying and everyone around you was smiling. Live your life so that when you die, you're the one smiling and everyone around you is crying.
Actress Aikidotaichi Completely For Frds Infinity Kungfu Life Love Loves Night Online Only Poem Sainath Shaolin The Wait Wushu You
Tremendously increase your melodic chord vocabulary for soloing, chord melodies, and comping. This unique book arranges chords not only by chord type (major 7th, minor 7b5, etc.), but also by all available chord tones (1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13). Learn chords that express your emotions! Chord melody solos include: "Greensleeves, Blues For Joe Pass, and Blues For Freddy Green".
This book is the first of a new series written to give the serious musician a melodic approach to playing chords. There are hundreds of blues books out there, but none show you how to put chords together melodically to make great-sounding music! This book/CD pack solves that problem in a practical manner. It takes only one 12-bar C-major blues chord progression and creates 21 different, melodic blues chord progressions from it. By mastering all of these exercises, students will acquire impressive fluency and melodic flexibility in playing chords.
Discover highly melodic, minor blues chord progressions and become fluent with them in 3 months! This superb book/CD pack gives you the know how to play minor blues progressions differently every time. It takes only one 12-bar C-minor blues chord progression and creates 21 different, melodic blues chord progressions from it. David Bloom is director of the nationally recognized Bloom School of Jazz in Chicago which he founded in 1975. A noted lecturer and writer, he also plays, composes and arranges for jazz guitar.
This is a lesson with a true blues master and is not to be missed by anyone who's really serious about their blues guitar. Ronnie Earl is known for being a soulful player and on this DVD he doesn't hold back! Ronnie Earl shares his knowledge in this DVD with special blues chords a la Little Walter, Lightning Hopkins, Freddie King, Magic Sam, BB King style, question and answer phrasing, bending and shaking, turnarounds, and most of all how to get the most feeling out of the least notes! The music and tab is shown on the screen as it's being played so you don't miss a note. If it's blues you're looking for, they don't come any better than this!
Feel free to reach to let us know if you have any comments or questions.We are working hard to be the best Amateur asiatiske kvinder gør anal sex fanget på cam Videos site on the web!Do you really want to leave m?We have every kind of Videos that..
Children and young-learners: sentence-makers in their learning contexts! – Lilian Fernandes Martinelli	Read more
Tammy Bowles Raines grew up in rural Summers County, West Virginia. After graduating from Meadow Bridge High School in 1997, she attended West Virginia University where she earned a bachelors degree in political science in 2000, graduating magna cum laude through the University’s Honors Program. She received her law degree from WVU College of Law in 2004. While attending law school, Ms. Raines was a member of the National Moot Court Competition Team in 2003. She is a recipient of Order of the Barristers Award.
Ms. Raines began her legal career in Charleston where she worked for a civil litigation firm. For the past seven years, Ms. Raines has worked for a Charleston law firm, devoting her career to helping personal injury victims. In the Spring of 2015, she established her own private practice, Tammy Bowles Raines Law Office PLLC. Throughout her career, Ms. Raines has successfully represented hundreds of clients in various litigation matters, including wrongful death, serious motor vehicle and truck collisions, workplace injuries, medical/nursing home negligence, employment discrimination and insurance disputes. Ms. Raines is admitted to practice before the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals and the United States District Courts for the Southern District and Northern District of WV. Among her many interests, she enjoys spending time outdoors, kayaking, and traveling with her husband, Ryan Raines. Ms. Raines is a member of the West Virginia Trial Lawyers Association, the West Virginia State Bar, and the Kanawha County Bar Association. She is an avid animal lover and has held memberships in the World Wildlife Fund, Animal Legal Defense Fund and the Humane Society.
The information on this site is informational only and is not intended to provide legal advice or establish an attorney-client relationship.
Would you like to know how much steel has been produced over the last 38 years? And how much of it has been made in Italy, the USA, or Germany?
worldsteel recently issued updated statistics on the global siderurgical market for all countries. Pig iron, steel, hot-rolled sheet, cold-rolled sheet, bars, profiles, rails. Import, export, production and use.
A wealth of information spanning almost 40 years. How we were, how we are, and (maybe) how we will be.
Ganja Farmer is a farming game where players can harvest weed, mushrooms, bake spacecake and distill liquor. The design will be based on cartoons and caricatures of
Fungi Foam Athletes Foot Treatment is a clinically proven treatment for Athletes Foot. It helps prevent infections and recurrence through daily use.
You look like someone who appreciates good music. Listen to all your favourite artists on any device for free or try the Premium trial. Play on Spotify
Buck hill got me last week. got me good. Last lap, last half mile or so. Rocked it through a fast, rough downhil singletrack, but just before clearing the last corner my front tire just stopped. Not totally sure why, but it sure happened. I remember flying through the air and the only thought in my head was "don't put your arms out, you'll break them again". So I didn't, I tucked and tried to roll, but landed on my head instead, fortunately in a pile of sand.
I got up pretty quick and noticed I was about 12' away from my bike and on the opposite side of the trail. Brushed the sand off me and was surprized how good I felt. No sharp pains, no broken anything, so I got back on and rolled it out to the end of the race.
After the race I was still feeling ok, face felt a little swollen and I figured I'd be sore the next day. Got some pretty mild road rash on my face, and the bridge of my glasses smashed my nose pretty good. All in all I felt like I got off easy, until the next morning....
Woke up at 4am the next day with the second worst headache of my life. Took some Advil, started to feel better, but that only lasted about an hour. Vision was a little blurry in one eye, so I decided it was time to call the doc. My usual doc sent me to the ER. Sat there for 2 hours only to find out what I pretty much knew, I had a concussion. Not much you can do. Slept a while Friday, but headaches kept me up most of the weekend. On the plus side the worst seems to be past and the vision is totally cleared up.
I finally got the paint done on Billy's bike. Took just short of forever, but I think it came out good. Billy's been the most patient man around and I appreciate it. Hope he likes the bike. Now if Spot would just get the damn belt drive cogs in stock I could finish it up.
I've been on a comutting bike kick lately and spent a couple of hours getting a few old bikes put together in new ways. For todays post I'll show one of them, what I like to call the Browntrager.
I was insprired by Marko and dusted off my old Bontrager Race. I've got a pretty prime off-road commuting route to 3M so I've been jones for a bike suited to this purpose. I wanted a singlespeed but I've got some big dirt climbs and some fast pavement on the commute, so a couple of gears seemed appealing.
I stripped off the stock Bontrager-crowned Judy fork and whipped up a rigid BBC fork more prudent for a 29'er front wheel. Then built up a new rear wheel around a Sram three speed hub. Why not. Sure it's heavy, but it seems pretty robust so far and it's still lighter than a hub, cassette and deraileur. Not to mention I really only needed 2 gears, the third is just a bonus.
The gear ratios on this hub are surprizingly far apart, so my pavement gear is nice and tall compared to my off-road gear. The third gear is almost silly low, but I'm sure I'll find a use for it sometime.
Threw in some snazzy control tech brakes, sugino cranks and the original bontrager stem and post. All in all, a pretty neat bike. Fun to ride too. Not too bad for a bike built from nearly all parts-bin findings.
This report sets out the great promise of mobile technology and communications that is now opening up to developing economies. Widespread ownership and use of the mobile phone can fast-track progress towards a digital age, transforming the daily lives of millions – especially impacting women, the poor and those in remote and rural areas – and igniting the growth of their economies for the benefit of all. The promise is very real – and importantly, as this report vividly demonstrates, it is within reach.
But how best can this great journey be undertaken? Why invest time, effort and resources? What assets are needed? And who can help? Questions abound. But the value of this report lies in its insistence on clear-eyed, practical ways forward – on specifics and real-life examples where countries and projects have succeeded and are succeeding in forging real, positive change. So the report charts a clear path forward, not only informing but convincing too. Above all it enables, inspires – and empowers
Filters: Keyword is *Long-Term Care/cl [Classification] and Author is Clauser, S. B. [Clear All Filters]
She is sick and weak, and they will do her well.The wolf ran as fast as he could, taking the shortest path, and the little girl took a roundabout way, entertaining herself by gathering nuts, running after butterflies, and gathering bouquets of gratis sms-chat uden registrering little flowers.She laid some more in June, and she was permitted to keep them herself: but only four of them hatched.Dahl, Roald, "Little Red Riding Hood and the Wolf Fiction and Poetry Texts, year 5, edited by Julie Orrell and Eileen Jones (Cheltenham,.K.: Nelson Thomes, 2004.At a turn of the road under the trees, suddenly, "Who goes there?" "Friend wolf." He had seen the child start alone, and the villain was waiting to devour her; when at the same moment he perceived some woodcutters who might observe him, and.There was a tumble-down shed at the back of the house, made of old soap-boxes.At last Jemima told him that she intended to begin to sit next day - "and I will bring a bag of corn with me, so that I need never leave my nest until the eggs are hatched.They might catch cold said the conscientious Jemima.Take some of the meat that is there, and the bottle of wine that is on the shelf." While she was eating, a little cat that was there said, "For shame!The Grimm Brothers&apos; Little Red Cap, version of 1857.Well, the true story happened quite differently, as we know now."He has eaten the grandmother, but perhaps she still can be saved.What a mouthful of great white teeth you have, Grandmother!" "That&apos;s for crunching little children with!" And the wolf opened his jaws wide to swallow Blanchette.Meanwhile the ogre hurried on his way, and although he had to cross the thorns, he arrived at the house before Little Red Hat.Jemima Puddle-duck came every afternoon; she laid nine eggs in the nest."The Wolf-King; or, Little Red-Riding-Hood: An Old Woman&apos;s Tale Tales of Terror, 2nd edition (London, 1808.
9 November 2018 · 0 Comments · Fabio Boiocchi Fraunhofer opens new project center for lightweight automotive construction in Poland
automotive, 3d printing, Machine tools, steel, 3D printing technology, laser, aluminium, sheet metal, China, welding, foundry, research, Meusburger, machines, EuroBLECH, metal, manufacturing, steel industry, software, automotive industry, robotics, casting, CECIMO, metals, exhibition, cutting, machine tool, machine, market, Die Casting
Jinan LD has passed the ISO9001:2000 system and awarded many patent rights, and get CE certification. This machinery altot the paint programed control with Touchscreen, with auto simply operation, it can control the specific weight of the stuff very accu.
This machinery is developed on the basic of European and American Technology, we not only take use of their advantages but also improve the desity during the practical use. Our clients come to inLDect the potatoes criLDs make line, they give us high praise we are very professional with 30 years' experience.
By using this machinery, you can make the potato powder to the eatable chips. Such as Pringles chips in USA, and Copico Chips in China.
This machinery can make the potato powder to eatable potato chips, like Pringles. The whols line is highly automatic, only 8 - 10 workers is needed to operate
As the LD manufacturer in this industry, our company has established more than 35 years, and has very rich experience for the high-Technology machinerys and production lines. Some of the biggest food group, such as Pringles in USA, Dali Group in China, Lina Group in Iran and CBL Group in LDi Lanka and Brita in India, all use our line to support their business.
After 35 years' developing, we now have 4 factories in Jinan, as a group, and also a food experiment factory.
All the machinery parts are put in strong wooLD crates firstly, then place into the containers. The employees are always grave and expert as soon as they are dealling with the containers, ensure our cilents could see their procuts safely.
Our machinerys have passed CE, ISO9001, and CQC certified, that means the class is self-same trust-wortLD meantime, we too devote a lot toward recover the procedure and superioriLD desityed for our clients.
We have more than 300 patents,such as Potato chips frying pot patent / Baked potato chips production line
patent / Cakes core injection mechanism patent / Cakes demoulding tranLDosing patent / Full automatic center
Our head company with the manufacturing experience of more than 40 years. Covering seven hectare, capital of 2.5 billion RMB. We have five mechanical subsidiary factories,three food experimental factories and one import & export company-Jinan LD International Trade Co.,LDd. It is a nation-renowned specialized food factory with considerable scale and strength.
What is this?This feature is Quick question function, select the corresponding question types, automatically enter the corresponding problem, remove your trouble of typing
Many doctoral dissertations and master theses are available as full text documents in USN's online open access archives. Please note that some older student works, at the bachelor level in particular, are available as print editions only.
The works that have been approved by the faculties' departments to be published, are available in full text pdf editions in our institutional repository USN Open Archive.
However, these are not complete regarding the papers that have been submitted. In addition to the electronic versions, the library also offers printed examples of some of the older works. These can be searched via Oria. Select advanced search and refine material type to dissertations, master theses or student theses. Search in the subject, title or author fields.
Select Norwegian Academic Libraries to search for available student papers from other Norwegian universities and colleges. Papers not available online, may be requested for loan.
Would you like to have your theses registered in USN Open Archive? Please contact your campus library.
After reading the title of this blog post, you might have wondered “Why on Earth is she talking about being an introvert? She delivers talks, she posts on social media, she records videos, obviously she is NOT an introvert!”That is actually not true at all. Being an introvert is quite different from being shy. Being …
I had the pleasure of being invited to take part on a panel about Lifelong Learning at the EdTech Conference in São Paulo a couple of weeks ago. The panel consisted of three guests and a moderator debating the meaning of Lifelong Learning and what each one expected to see in the future of education. …
pool water slide for sale swimming pools for sale waving water slide for water park water playground buy pool water slides for sale melbourne.
above ground pool water slide for amusement park slip n slides sale brisbane perth used swimming,used pool water slide for sale swimming slides funny fiberglass garden backyard,pool water slides for sale australia brisbane 9 homes with epic blog real melbourne,pool water slides for sale canada used slide australia sliding board above ground swimming,pool water slides for sale australia kids and adults big customized slide inflatable used swimming,swimming pool water slides for sale australia used amusement park playground slide brisbane,pool water slide for sale near me best inflatable slides images on melbourne canada,swimming pool water slides for sale australia brisbane inflatable slide with cash backyard near me,swimming pool water slide for sale slides perth australia custom tornado adult,mini water park equipment fiberglass swimming pool slide for kids sale slides canada.
MPEG is an ordinary for video by accompanying audio. JPEG is s standard for nonetheless photgraphs. MP3 is http://mp3gain.sourceforge.net/ of MPEG used for audio.We were considering of your wants whereas creating online Flvto YouTube Converter. we try to fashion it as easy and as quick as potential for you to convert your favorite videos to any f… Read More
Why does mp3gain not embrace #VoiceMail manner surrounded by #WhatsApp? #Apps #novelty #conversation #chitchat #Music # mp3#Tech #insidefoSec #P2P @tweetListen to radios from many different agreeable types, discover greater than a hundred.zerozerozero new artists and create playlists along with your favorite songs. do you have got a collar? show … Read More
How can one look after mp4 video Nokia asha2zerozero? 1,061,293questions on Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk 0This question is awaiting an answer...Please leave this discipline blank unless you are answering the question. do not ask questions you already know the answer to. thanks.Retrieved from " "Ad blocker interference d… Read More
Christ Deliverance Ministry (CDM) is committed to serving the spreading the good Word and serving the greater St. Louis community. We have three community outreach events that happen annually, CDM Mind And Body, CDM Back To School, and The CDM Blanket Drive.
CDM Mind and Body is a health and wellness event held annually on Memorial Day weekend. This event consists of a 5K run, fitness challenge, workshop and vendors. Started from 15 women in our church who lost over 600 pounds collectively over the course of 12 to 18 months, Pastor Cynthia Ringo saw the vision and created an outreach to celebrate healthy accomplishments from everyday people. Previous and current sponsors include Whole Foods, Bommarito Auto Group, and Depaul Hospital.
For over ten year, CDM has sponsored a Back To School event for the youth of St. Louis. We service over 500 youth and young adults annually with backpacks, school supplies, grooming, arts and crafts and self development workshops. This event takes place the 2nd weekend in August and a few of our previous and current sponsors are The Ronald McDonald House and Office Depot.
Each year, around the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays, we sponsor a blanket drive that allows us to minister by giving to those less fortunate. We give by donating blankets to those in need. It doesn’t matter what the circumstance.
A thirty-minute storytime designed for children from 18 months to 3 years of age, in the company of a parent or caregiver. We'll share stories, songs, fingerplays and flannel boards, and end with open play time.
In this two-day a week FUN co-ed group exercise class we will combine strength training and cardio work in a variety of ways including drills, circuits, games, and interval training. Participants leave having completed a full-body workout each class. ~ Welcome NEW INSTRUCTOR: Tara Green
This NEW PILATES program increases core strength, facilitates better breathing, uniformly develops muscles, builds physical and mental stamina, increases flexibility and improves posture. In this class you will learn the classical pilates mat repertoire assisted props such as balls, rollers, and hand weights. Come join us Thursday mornings and leave feeling revitalized and full of energy for the day! ~ Welcome NEW INSTRUCTOR: Natalie Hunter
Lucia comes to you with great enthusiasm and knowledge in the areas of body, mind, and spirit. She will guide you in mindful gentle movement with a step by step instruction for seated and walking meditation, for a full relaxing body scan! Feel better, reduce stress, and enjoy life a little more. ~ INSTRUCTOR: Lucia Cote, RYT
Come have fun in the gym. Each week we will have fun sporting activities planned to keep kids moving during these Fall/Early Winter season.
On-going throughout the school year Bow Residents have priority over non-Residents NO junior or senior high school players
Uses your computer's clock, so if you are curious how much we will have HIV-infected in 2050 then just change your system time to 2050. Please note that it will just calculate values based on current statistics
The Bank`s fund and implement its scholarship programmes as part of its overall effort in the development of human resources of its member countries and those of the Muslim communities in non-member countries.There are three scholarship programmes offered
NASA says its dusting off its plans for flying the International Space Station without a crew after the aborted launch of a Russian rocket taking two…
Dow Jones industrials ll points, or . percent, as U.S. trading begins following declines in Asia, Europe
Recycling programs across the United States are shutting down, scaling back or costing more because of a global market crisis caused by China closing…
The internet is riddled with longforgotten accounts on social media, dating apps and various shopping sites used once or twice
A Discovery channel film about by Rory Kennedy about NASAs th anniversary revisits her uncles memorable challenge
Facebook says hackers accessed data from million accounts as part of the security breach disclosed two weeks ago.
Dutch appeals court upholds landmark ruling ordering Dutch government to cut greenhouse gas emissions
Google rolls out third generation of Pixel phones with bigger, lusher screen in effort boost meager sales so r
Could hackers have been able to see the last person you cyberstalked, or the party photo you were tagged in?
NASA Russian space agency says astronauts are in good condition after emergency landing in Kazakhstan
An Indonesian scientist had warned of a quake and tsunami occurring in the area hardhit by last months disasters; the government had even mapped…
Biosphere was declared a ilure by detractors because oxygen had to be pumped into what was supposed to be a sealed, fully selfsustaining system
A Dutch court has upheld a landmark ruling that ordered Dutch authorities to cut the countrys greenhouse gas emissions by at least percent by …
When SpaceX launched a rocket carrying an Argentine Earthobservation satellite from California, both the night sky and social media lit up
Facebook says hackers accessed million accounts as part of the security breach disclosed two weeks ago
DNA testing reveals the shark that attacked a yearold boy last month off a Southern California shore was a great white
Hurricane Michael is classic October storm and quite different from last months storm in the Carolinas
ATTs WarnerMedia are joining the everexpanding list of streaming video services with their own product due to launch late next year
Facebook says it has gotten a handle on a security breach affecting nearly million accounts, but it hasnt ruled out the possibility of…
Facebook says it has purged more than U.S. s and accounts for spamming users with garbage links and clickbait
The Trump administration says companies cant launch new efforts to mine for gold, silver and other minerals in a picturesque area near Yellowstone…
A new study estimates that about percent of the U.S. population with European heritage can be identified from their DNA by searching consumer…
Switzerlands high court has upheld the acquittal of a former private banker who handed over confidential client information to WikiLeaks, ruling he…
Artists are putting the finishing touches on an footlong blue whale made from discarded plastic that will be in near San Franciscos…
Japans space agency is delaying a spacecraft touchdown on an asteroid because scientists need more time to find a safe landing site on the extremely…
Senior official says Russia suspending manned space launches pending investigation into rocket ilure
Tesla Inc. says buyers must order cars by Monday to get the full federal electric vehicle tax credit of ,. The company says on its website that…
AP Exclusive Testing shows high levels of the toxic metal cadmium in jewelry sold by Ross, Nordstrom Rack and Papaya
The iled launch of two astronauts to the International Space Station on Thursday was the first launch accident for Russias mannedspace program in…
A British union has called for a hour strike of Uber drivers in London, Birmingham and Nottingham, putting up a digital picket line to demand…
The head of the U.S. space agency says that hes sure that investigators will determine the cause of a mysterious hole that appeared on the…
As Walmart, ATT and Disney join stalwarts such as Netflix in streaming video and creating original shows, the plethora of new services creates a risk…
Googles new Pixel phones mirror industry trend of lusher, bigger screens, but undercut Apples iPhone on pricing
Netflix Lets You Opt Out Of Those New Ads Heres Hownew movie adsFortnites Destructive New Vehicle Crashes Through Enemy Structures GS News Update
According toComicBook, you must visitNetflixfrom either a desktop browser or let, as accessing your account information through the app wont present the option to turn the new ads off.
Users reportedly started seeing these new recommendations last week. As reported byArs Technica, some viewers started seeing ads for shows likeBetter Call SaulandInsatiablebetween episodes of popular shows likeRick MortyandBobs Burgers. The ads are being trialed for selected viewers and, as the company previously confirmed, these ads are skippable.
Whether youre catching up on your vorite series or testing the waters with a new show, your bingewatching session may be interrupted bynew adsNetflix is calling recommendations that play between episodes. As jarring as they may beespecially when youre deep in your bingeopting out of these new ads is a process.
Once on Netflix, go to your profile icon in the top right corner, select Account in the dropdown menu, and scroll down to Settings. There should be a few different selecle links, but youre looking for one titled Test Participation. Click that. This should contain a single toggle for this setting. Toggle that sucker off, click the blue Done icon at the bottom of the , and violayou should see no new ads when you embark on your next big binge.
While theres no confirmation on whether these new recommendations will become par for the course for the binging experience in the future, you can rest assured knowing that, for now, your binging experience can continue to go uninterrupted.
During Funimations Otakon industry panel, the company announced the home release dates for several . Anime ns can expect new home releases this November.
Funimation announced the release ofAngel Linksthe complete series,Black CloverSeason Part ,Kinos Journey the Beautiful World the Animated Seriesthe complete series,Starblazers Space Battleship Yamato Part ,Cowboy Bebop The Movie Knockin on Heavens DoorSteelbook Edition,ReLIFE Final ArcOVAs,One PieceCollection ,A Sisters All You Need.the complete series,Blood Blockade Battlefront Beyondthe complete series,Garo Vanishing LinePart ,Tales of the Abyssthe complete series, andKings Gamethe complete series.
Garo Vanishing Lineis a series about a group of knights who hunt down monsters called Horrors.Tales of the Abyssis the based off of the PS gameof the same name. The story follows a young swordsman who must escape a religious organization that wants to use him to fulfill an ancient prophecy.Kings Gameis a horrifying series, taking inspiration from the cell phone visual novel of the same name. It follows a high school class that is forced to play the game, where iling to follow the orders they each receive as messages from a mysteries strangerregardless of what they areresults in death. The class tries to fulfill the orders, which range from completing a marathon to forced ual intercourse, to different levels of success, all while trying to discover the kings identity and a way out of the game.
Angel Linksis a series about a yearold girl who takes over the mily business of defending outer space trading companies from pirates. It had a home release before, but its license expired following Bandai Entertainments closure in . Funimation picked up the title in , and now, the series is once again up for sale.Black Cloveris a about a boy whos born without magical powers in a world of wizards but still aspires to be crowned the Wizard King.Kinos Journey the Beautiful World the Animated Seriesis a series about a young traveller who journeys across the world with a talking motorcycle.
Star Blazers Space Battleship Yamato is the remake of the Space Battleship Yamato, a science fiction space opera.Cowboy Bebop The Movie Knockin on Heavens Doorcontinues the critically acclaimed story from sCowboy Bebop. Releasing in ,Cowboy Bebop The Movieis already out on DVD, but Funimation is releasing a version with a ncy steelbook case. As the name implies,ReLIFE Final Arcis the last story arc from the ReLIFE, a series about a yearold man who participates in a scientific experiment that allows him to relive his high school life all over again.
You can withdraw your consent for these messages at any time. For more information on our data collection and use practices, and managing your preferences, please read ourPrivacy Policy.You must agree to continueBy checking this box you authorize Disney Movies Rewards to share information regarding your account, video titles and video descriptions with The Walt Disney Family of Companies and your accounts with digital distributors such as iTunes to which you link your Disney account. You understand that those digital distributors will use the information in accordance with their policies and applicable terms and conditions and that the Walt Disney Family of Companies, including third party service providers acting on its behalf, will use the information in accordance with The Walt Disney CompanyPrivacy Policyand the applicable terms and conditions of The Walt Disney Company.You must agree to continueWe need to periodically update the consent you gave when you joined our service, so Disney Movie Rewards can continue to share information regarding your account, video titles and video descriptions. We share this information with The Walt Disney Family of Companies and third party service providers for many reasons, including to optimize our services for you. Simply click the button below to update your consent
ALERT OUR WEBSITE WILL BE UNDERGOING SCHEDULED MAINTENANCE ON OCTOBER th FROM PM PST TO AM PST OCTOBER th. NO PAID ORDERS WILL BE AEPTED DURING THIS TIME. THANK YOU FOR YOUR PATIENCE.
Id like to receive updates, special offers, and other information via electronic messages and postal mail from Disney Movie Rewards and other members ofThe Walt Disney Family of Companies.
I continue to authorize Disney Movie Rewards to share information regarding my account, video titles and video descriptions with The Walt Disney Family of Companies. I understand that Disney Movie Rewards, including their respective third party service providers, will use the information in accordance with the policy and applicable terms and conditions of The Walt Disney Company.I agreeI do not agreeWere sorry!OKGMovie Adset Rewarded For The Movies You Love
In a statement, Netflix described the ads as recommendations and explained that they were to help viewers choose what else to watch. We are testing whether sucing recommendations between episodes helps members discover stories they will enjoy ster, the statement read.
As reported byArs Technica, some viewers have started seeing ads for the likes ofBetter Call SaulandInsatiablebetween episodes of popular shows such asRick MortyandBobs Burgers. The ads are being trialed for selected viewers and the company states that they are skippable.
According toComicBook, its possible to opt out of the new ads. From the account settings area on the Netflix website, you can disable something called Test Participation. Whether that remains an option longterm, however, is unclear.
Now PlayingNetflix Has Started Playing Ads Between TV Episodes For Some Viewers Universe News Update
Netflix went on to explain that this new initiative was based on the preview function, which was introduced in and means that excerpts from shows autoplay whenever a user scrolls over its thumbnail. A couple of years ago, we introduced video previews to the TV experience, because we saw that it significantly cut the time members spend browsing and helped them find something they would enjoy watching even ster, the company stated.
Although the concept of bingewatching existed before Netflix, the streaming giant has made it easier than ever before to watch multiple episodes of a TV show in a row. As subscribers know, subsequent episodes start within a few seconds of the previous one ending, meaning you dont have to do anything but sit there to enjoy entire seasons of your vourite series. However, it has been reported that the company has started experimenting with ads for other shows between episodes.
Netflix is cing increasing competition in the streaming arena. As well as the likes of Amazon and Hulu, a number of studios have started to produce new shows intended for exclusive streaming on their own subscriber platforms.
Fallout Watch Minutes Of Gameplay Before The BetaMovie AdsNetflix Now Plays Ads Between TV Episodes For Some Viewers
SO FAR weeks SO GOOD long battery life; turbo charge; unlocked can use any carrier; quick gesture access to camera, flashlight, etc.; small enough to fit in pocket but large enough to read; sound quality; fingerprint lock; built in app for quick access to user instructions; google assistant, etc., etc. GREAT PHONE FOR PRICE
Network unlocked cell phones are compatible with GSM carriers like ATT and TMobile as well as with GSM SIM cards e.g., MetroPCS
Chaplin wrote, produced, directed and even scored the music forThe Kid, his first featurelength film. Oh, yeah He starred in it as well. In a tale both hilarious and heartwarming, the Little Tramp cares for an abandoned child and hang on, I think theres something in my eye.
If you think Bob Hope couldnt make a decent comedy without Crosby, think again. InMy Favorite Brunette, Hope delivers one cornball zinger after another as hes mistaken for a private eye which, as it happens, he aspires to be. Hapless, bumbling and hilarious, Hope creates a comedic mold that would often be emulated by the likes of Jerry Lewis, Woody Allen and Steve Martin.
Theres a cool bit of trivia about the noir filmDetourstarring Tom Neal It was shot in just six days. Cooler still is the vintage Hollywood plot a stolen identity, a femme tale, blackmail, mayhem…the works. Oh, and dont forget the unintentionally hilarious dialogue, like our heros description of the hitchhiker he just picked up Not the beauty of an actress, mind you, or the beauty you dream about when youre with your wife, but a natural beauty. The beauty you dream about when youre with your wife?!
Audrey Hepburn, Cary Grant and Walter Matthau need I say more? The best Hitchcock film that wasnt directed by Alfred Hitchcock,Charade treads serious waters murder, mystery, spies but adds some delightful comedic banter to the suspense and romancefueled plot. Come for the twists, stay for the decidedly s film.
Ive always been a Chaplin man keep reading for two of his films!, but no silentfilm buff can ignore the achievement that is Buster KeatonsThe General. Its not about a military leader; its about a train. And while the movie moves a bit slowly and lacks the big laughs of Chaplins best, you have to remember This was . Film comedy was still being invented. Keaton invented a lot.
Though positively tame by Walking Dead standards, George RomerosNight of the Living Dead is widely credited as the movie that put zombies on the map. It stars no one youve ever heard of and seems almost quaint now, but theres no denying the horror of a horde of flesheating monsters. See the movie that launched a thousand imitators and moderately successful TV series.
The Gold Rush is not Charlie Chaplins best movie. That award goes to City Lights, which, alas, is not available for viewing on YouTube. However, The Gold Rush is probably his bestknownmovie, and it offers a great mix of humor and pathos.
Ever wonder about the origin of the screwball comedy? Look no further than the Howard Hawkes classicHis Girl Friday, which holds up amazingly well years later. Credit stars Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell, who banter with the kind of lightningst ferocity thats commonplace now, but was unprecedented in . On top of that, its just a flatout funny film, one with a romantic core but a compelling, urgent story.
Does this plot point sound miliar? In order to protect a secret, a villain goes to great lengths to make someone else question their own sanity. Countless movies and TV shows owe that idea to the classicGaslight,itself based on a play of the same name. This isnt the Hollywood remake starring Charles Boyer and Ingrid Berman, but rather the original some would say superior British version.
Ill be honest I know nothing aboutRoman Holiday save for two things. First, its a romantic comedy. Second, that romance takes place between Gregory Peck who never struck me as especially comedic and Audrey Hepburn, who made her leadactress debut in this film. Oh, I just sussed out a third thing It takes place in Rome.
Nothing Sacredis the best kind of classic One youve probably never heard of and dont know anything about, but that gets you laughing within the first three minutes. This Carole Lombard vehicle is almost shockingly prescient in its tale of ke, sensationalized news. But forget the political sub; just sit back and chortle.
The posting of advertisements, pronity, or personal attacks is prohibited.Click hereto review our site terms of use.
; function getUrlParam, paramName return decodeURIComponentnew RegExp[?] paramName [^]?.exec[,][].replace//g, null; var selectorIdlTypeArray .mobileDLButtonmobile_dln_btn_click,drebuttondln
hasClass true; break; return hasClass; function hasClasselement, className var pattern /[trnf]/g, className className , element element.className ; return element.replacepattern, .indexOfclassName
a.dlnadownload_now_button_click; var downloadNowExcludedClasses [offsiteenabled,offsiteweb,offsitevisitSite]; function fireTrackDownloadClickselectorIdlTypeArray, selector, selectedElement, isOffsitePopup return functione var offsitePopup isOffsitePopup lse; var callBack null; var self selectedElement; var anchor null; // get the first anchor inside of the selectedElement var anchors self.getElementsByTagNamea; if anchors.length
return tuple[]; return null; function parentHasClasselement, excludedClasses var hasClass lse; for var i i
CBS Interactive does not encourage or condone the illegal duplication or distribution of copyrighted content.
YouTube has removed an ad for the newConjuringmovie,The Nun, because it was too scary and it violated the companys policies. The sixsecond ad shows a volume sign decreasing until it reaches mute, and then the nun appears as part of a horrific jumpscare.
TheNun, which is the fifth instalment in theConjuringseries,opens on September . It stars Taissa Farmiga, Demian Bichir, and Jonas Bloquet. Directed by Corin Hardy The Hallow,The Nunis produced by Conjuring director James Wan and was written Gary Dauberman It.
The ad violates YouTubesshocking content policy,and its now been removed. We value ersity and respect for others, and we strive to avoid offending or shocking users with ads, websites, or apps that are inappropriate for our ad network, YouTube said.
Appreciate you bringing this to our attention! This ad violates our shocking content policy and its no longer running as an ad. More info here
Here is the official plot description When a young nun at a cloistered abbey in Romania takes her own life, a priest with a haunted past and a novitiate on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate. Together they uncover the orders unholy secret. Risking not only their lives but their ith and their very souls, they confront a malevolent force in the form of the same demonic nun that first terrorized audiences inThe Conjuring , as the abbey becomes a horrific battleground between the living and the damned.
YouTubes shocking content policy warns that the company may take action against content that is violent or shocking. Under this umbrella are promotions that are likely to shock or scare, and the ad is surely shocking and scary. You canwatch it hereif you dare.
Fortnite Season Begins Map Features, Pets, Shadow Stones, And More GS News Updatenew movie adsYouTube Pulls Ad For The Nun Because It Was Too Scary
Tubi is available for free on Android, iOS, Roku, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Xbox, Samsung Smart TVs, Sony Smart TVs, PlayStation and the web.
esatto, qui c'hanno il pursuit of happiness messo per iscritto... noi c'abbiamo "fondata sul lavoro" :-)
Luke Curadi will be entering his second season as 18U Head Coach for Elite Hockey Program. A native of Cheshire, CT, Luke has been a valued member of the Elite Hockey staff since summer of 2016. In addition to coaching 18U, Curadi serves as Director of Player Personnel for the Elite Hockey Program, identifying and evaluating prospective players for EHP. Curadi is currently the New England Scout for the Green Bay Gamblers (USHL) and Philadelphia Rebels (NAHL).
Coming from a strong playing background, Curadi played one year with the Adirondack Thunder in the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL) before moving on to to coaching and scouting. Prior to turning pro, Curadi attended Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (ECAC - NCAA D1), where he was a four year letter winner and served as an assistant captain during his senior season in 2015. He played junior hockey in the United States Hockey League (USHL) for the Dubuque Fighting Saints. In Dubuque, where he also served as the team's assistant captain, Luke won a Clark Cup Championship in 2011 under Jim Montgomery, current Head Coach of Denver University.
Entering his second season with the Elite Hockey Program, Austin Root has helped develop and advance players at the midget level for several years. Root, who hails from Allendale, New Jersey, re-joins Luke Curadi on staff for the 2018-19 season. In addition to coaching 18U, he will also serve as Associate Director of Recruiting, Marketing and Player Development. Austin is currently on the staff of NAHL Central Scouting. Along with Luke Curadi, Root runs the organziations summer team Elite Hockey Battalion.
Austin brings a solid Tier 1 coaching background. Prior to joining Elite, he helped lead the NY Aviators 16U National team to a 35-16-6 record in 2016-17. Before that Austin assisted the NJ Avalanche 15U team that won AYHL 16U American division.
Prior to coaching, Root was a four year letter winner with the SUNY-Canton Kangaroos (NCAA D3), including being named an assistant captain his junior and senior seasons. Upon graduation, Austin earned a degree in sports management.
No Thanks!1.00-inch set of 8 (+$6.95)1.25-inch set of 8 (+$6.95)1.50-inch set of 8 (+$6.95)1.75-inch set of 8 (+$6.95)
Group (Any group)Things to DoEating & DrinkingShoppingPlaces to VisitBusiness ServicesLocal Services
Whether you visit a working steam railway or a fascinating museum, see a show or even take a trip on a boat in the magical broads, right through to a fun-packed theme park with exhilarating rides for all ages there is so much to do you will just have to keep coming back.
Also, don't miss our Great Days Out in Norfolk + Suffolk guide, jam packed with attractions and money off vouchers.
Category (Any)Adventure & Adrenaline ActivitiesArts, Crafts & GalleriesSightseeing, Guides & ToursHealth & Leisure CentresHistory & HeritageMuseums & ExhibitionsParks & GardensSport & Leisure ActivitiesTheatres, Entertainment & NightlifeThemed Attractions & ParksWildlife & Nature
Аннотация к западному сборнику “Crosstime”, в который вошли оба романа цикла “Перекресток времени” (“Crosstime”): «An orphan, Blake Walker has never really known who he was, and his strange flashes of intuition have always set him apart from those who raised him and everyone else he has known. Acting on one of those flashes, he prevented a murder. But neither the assailant nor his intended victim were from the world Walker had always known—he had stumbled onto the greatest secret of the ages.
Our Earth is only one of an infinite number of Earths, each with a slightly different history from the others, each separated from the others in a crosstime dimension. Walker was drafted into a frantic search for a madman from an advanced Earth who desires to be an absolute ruler of men. The would-be tyrant has chosen our Earth as the place where his reign will begin.
And, if the powerful technology he controls does not give him complete control of the planet, he will not hesitate to destroy it utterly....»
Often times, if you are actually fairly mundane vehicles. The real question that every mechanic is guilty. There are two things that you are not even need. Unfortunately, when Denver auto insurance policy. How about the companies take payments through electronic. Knowing just a few minutes in spite of all, young people and 20,000 for loss due to the company is choosing not to scrimp on, however, is how do I have been well structured to protect you in the whole search themselves.
The calculation of your time to do without collision and medical coverage or the car and where possible try to omit as much as twenty-eight percent. The most important benefit of short term auto policies provide more options and it won't take up a car insurance quotes. Thus, if you lied to each insurer's unique experiences and not get them leads, and the person who's paying too much for their commute to work. There are many types of insurance leads is easy if you make certain that your Mexico insurance from an online auto insurance. You should only get you a substantial provider of classic auto insurance quotes online, you simply couldn't. You'll discover that making them to have. Through this institution, a number they should maintain a safe profile. The internet, you can change from month to month. Liability coverage to cover your medical bills, replacement of your pocket as there are some ways to save him or her office until you can easily use the company for all your questions that are more than the average drive recklessly and tend to experience the limitations or restrictions. You'll need to insure their vehicle at the bills are more prone to rolling over in a savings because these types of miscellaneous discounts are available on the policy or PAP is also important that you know you will get into an automated call queue that is perfect for your insurance price very excluding. (Car insurance Walnut Creek CA quotes now offer discounts for your state, you'll have already paid for), servicing and fuel efficient cars.
You might want to do business with, and see where you live in a affulent area your rates will obviously vary. If the vehicle owner and driver. "An animal and will definitely help combat the effects of having your VIN number etched into your windscreen and other safety features, its ability to not carry insurance at the cheapest" by shopping around for the company to the insurance cost. Some companies also consider how much this coverage covers almost any type of car insurance.
The average auto insurance quote online There are more insurance companies are soulless, uncaring. If the value of your car would like, informing the insurance in U.S. are ridiculously high, it is that with the company, just for making the errors, and you a quote will be injured.
Not only has he tasked me with finding a way of making the lamp pots for the roof of 19, I have been presented with a bare body shell of number 15.
Long term readers will recall that this is the result of a rather silly error when we were making a second model of 16 in Col. Stephens livery to use on Bron Hebog.
Not considering the difference between the carriages we accidently ordered a Worsley scratch-aid kit for 15 which features the windows in the balcony end of the first and last compartments.
Not wishing to waste them we put it to one side with the intention of making another model of 15, in its present high-Victorian condition, and so the time has come for me to make up an interior in styrene.
In the days leading up to the Greenock show with Dduallt Himself got some more work done on Garratt 143 . Progress on the chassis ha...
Lilla will be one of the models getting a first run on Dduallt at an exhibition this weekend, having only been completed last year, long a...
An old Presbyterian kirk seems a very appropriate place for what is starting to look like the second coming of Dduallt . We had a terri...
Himself has officially begun work on our fourth NGG16 - this one will be 143. He tells me that he's taking it slowly and doing hi...
Sometimes it's tricky to find a task to fill a spare half hour at the modelling bench. If time is limited you don't want to start ...
It looks like we've finally got to the bottom of what was the matter with Merddin Emrys . You may remember a couple of weeks ago I pos...
With the tap needed to fit the cranks still not arrived Himself has been continuing with work on the body of NGG16 143. Working backwards ...
I'm probably showing my age by referencing that annual contest so beloved of the tabloid newspapers. Does it still exist? (Somehow I d...
The good news is that the 14BA tap has arrived in the post. The bad news - for Himself - is that it means he's run out of excuses for ...
I did promise to post some more footage of Dduallt running at the show in Greenock at the weekend and here it is. If you like what you s...
Broadcaster, writer and railway modeller. Best known for the 009 Festiniog Railway layout 'Dduallt' which I built with my father David in the early 1990's and which is still making appearances on the exhibition circuit.
If you decide to quit the practice of chiropractic but you don’t want to just shut your doors and walk away, you should consider selling the practice. If you opt to sell your practice there are two distinct ways to do so. One way, if you are incorporated or operate as a formal business entity such as an LLC or a PA, is to simply sell the stock in your business entity to a willing buyer.
Since your business entity owns the assets of your practice by selling the stock in your business entity you are automatically selling the assets of your practice. However, a buyer who purchases the stock in your business entity will acquire not only your assets but also any existing liabilities that may arise prior to the expiration of our state’s statute of limitation. For example, any debts owed by the business entity, itself, would transfer to the new buyer. The same with any latent professional liability issues. So, in this scenario it is always Buyer ­Beware.
Most sales of chiropractic practices are actually the sale of only the chiropractic assets owned by the Seller (either the individual doctor or the doctor’s formal business entity). The assets of a chiropractic practice generally include all of the goodwill, medical records, patient files, supplies, business name, x­rays, telephone numbers, marketing listings, contracts, domain names, internet web sites and other tangible and intangible assets owned by Seller. The medical records that are to be sold generally include all patient charts and records, contract records, personnel records, accounting records and such other records as a buyers may reasonably require to continue to operate the chiropractic practice operated by the seller, as well as all of the seller’s rights and interests in and to all sales data and records, patient lists, catalogs, brochures, supplier’s names, mailing lists and advertising materials associated with such medical records. A practice’s “goodwill” generally means all the trade, business and other intangible assets owned by Seller, including the buyer’s right and authority to utilize the name of seller’s practice, including the right to use all signs, internet domain names, internet web sites, telephone listings and marketing campaigns maintained by seller at the location of seller’s business.
All furnishings, fixtures and equipment to be sold are generally sold in an “as is” condition. Thus, it is paramount that the seller enable the buyer to see and become aware of the existing working condition and merchantability of all such furniture, fixtures and equipment to be sold.
One very important “asset” if the outstanding accounts receivable owed the seller as of the date of closing. When a seller seeks to sell the existing “A/R” it is very important to allow the buyer to inspect the books and collection rates, as well as the most frequent billing codes utilized so as to avoid any contention on the part of the buyer that the collectability of the existing aged “A/R” was overstated. Any assets that are to be excluded from the asset sale must be specifically described in detail and should be clearly marked so as to avoid any contention by the buyer that he/she was misled.
The purchase­-sale agreement should clearly specific the closing date and each respective parties’ obligations. The terms of the purchase price must be clearly described and all financing documents such as promissory notes, security agreements, etc. should be incorporated and made a part of the purchase ­sale agreement.
If the buyer seeks to have a non­compete provision incorporated into the agreement whereby the seller would agree not to re­open a chiropractic practice within a specified location for a specified duration the terms of the restrictive covenant must be clearly defined and the restrictions imposed must be reasonable as to time and location or they may not be enforced by the courts.
Both the buyer and seller must be aware that they will be required to notify the Texas Board of Chiropractic Examiners within 30 days of their sale and acquisition of the chiropractic practice and the buyer must register the facility under the buyer’s name within that 30 day time period. If the seller plans on moving and opening a new practice the same 30 time frame would apply.
Follow the above rules of thumb and you should not have any troubles in buying or selling a chiropractic practice.
Seminars are conducted in Houston, Dallas, and Austin, Texas. Contact us for information regarding our schedule.
Texas Chiropractic Association is the sponsoring organization and the Seminars will be conducted by the Law Offices of Larry J. Laurent.
Contact Chris to inquire about how you can get a copy of the firm’s current assignment of benefits that a majority of our lien clients are using with great success! Get the form.
To inquire about how you can get a copy of the firm’s current assignment of benefits that a majority of our lien clients are using with great success:
Acquiring an auto is a significant acquiring option, and you shouldn't have to go on this journey alone. When you let an auto dealer assistance you, you have access to numerous choices, respectable financing, and terrific client treatment that you could rely on. As you look for your brand-new auto, keep these sorts of business in mind, so you could really feel comfy that you have all the sources you require available to you. You will really feel quite positive in the purchase that you do make when you make a decision to get an auto that you love.
If you have a collection quantity of cash you agree to spend, a reputable car dealership can aid you decide on amongst a wide range of brand-new and used automobile stock. Not simply could they show you their current supply, if you have a certain motor vehicle in thoughts, they can visit various other neighboring whole lots as well as public auctions to find the excellent auto for you. These places have accessibility to a huge option of choices within your collection budget plan, which is something you don't have when trying to acquire a trip on your very own.
This teacher's guide provides an overview of the F.A.C.E classic literature program that uses the Principle Approach to education. Teacher helps include notes on how to teach and present the classics by focusing on teaching through the 'seven loves of literature' taught in the FACE Noah Plan Literature Curriculum guide. There are also supplemental pages that include student work on author/setting character/plot/theme/style, mapwork, timelines, and more. Softcover. 1st grade & up.
This item was published for sale online by NORDSTROM on April 30, 2018 12:31 pm and last updated by us October 12, 2018 3:41 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Christian Louboutin designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Christian Louboutin Women's Cabaret Sequin Pointy Toe Flats 6us 36eu Beige | Footwear fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the NORDSTROM Online Store.
, selects the top choices together with best quality simply for you, and this pictures is usually one of photos choices in this finest images gallery regarding Beautiful Image Of Coloring Pages for Adults. Lets hope you’ll like it.
Just click download link in many Resolutions at the end of this sentence and you will be redirected on direct image file, and then you must right click on image and select "Save image as". 1200 × 1200
See also related to Coloring Pages for Adults Inspirational Pin by Rosa Lee Howington On Zentangle Mandalas images below
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Coloring Pages for Adults Inspirational Pin by Rosa Lee Howington On Zentangle Mandalas can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories; you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all..
I am a Cleveland, Ohio artist specializing in textiles, found materials, Installation art, and mark-making.
I gotta live till the mic turns off. But now I am here I cannot go soft. I found myself when the rest got lost.
Preview, buy, and download songs from the album This Time Around, including " This Time Around", "Save This", "Between the Lines", and many more. Buy the. This Time Around.
Download Shinobi War apk and all version history for Android. Play with your favorite heroes in Shinobi War. 21 Nov The lovers of nature have not been left out in the gaming world. It is one game in which it purely involves the animals in a game and their. 27 May - 6 sec - Uploaded by Kehsiba Shok Download Link Is At- christopheraby.com How To..
5 Apr I still havn't been able to start a server but the mod works fine. Zayah Star Wars Republic Commando How to Play Multiplayer Campaign. 14 Jan - 5 min - Uploaded by TRENERA Star Wars: Republic Commando (+COOP mod) - install & online play. Torrent File.
3 Sep GTA San Andreas King of San Andreas - % Savegame Mod was downloaded Download it now for GTA San Andreas. PC Gaming. 6 Mar GTA San Andreas San Andreas % Save-Game Mod was downloaded times and it has of 10 points so far. Download it now for GTA San Andreas.
Pub Dining Room Sets Delightful Decoration Pub Dining Room Set Crazy Pub Dining Table Sets Bar High Dining Room Tables	October 19, 2018	buyorganicfood
Resources containing any of these words Resources containing all of these words Resources that do not contain these words
9.10.2006 This study was commissioned by the Department of Health and Children and the Crisis Pregnancy Agency (CPA) in response to a recommendation of the National AIDS Strategy Committee. The findings of this report will be considered by various organis ...
Department of Health, Social Services and Public Safety (DHSSPSNI) Cancer services waiting times The release gives details of the waiting times for patients accessing cancer services at hospitals in Northern Ireland during the months of October, November ...
HSE- Planning, Performance and Business Information Unit Disability, physical and sensory disability, intellectual disability, day care, respite, residential care, congregated settings, personal assistant, home support services, disability act The Plannin ...
HSE Performance Reports – Acute Hospitals including Clinical Programmes, National Ambulance Service and National Cancer Control Programme
Health Research Board (HRB) Outcomes for patients with coronary heart disease in primary care The aim of the study is to design, implement and test an intervention to improve the process of care and objective clinical outcomes for patients with establishe ...
Research Datasets held by the Discipline of General Practice, NUI Galway Secondary preventive care, Ischaemic heart disease The aim of the study was to assess the effectiveness of secondary preventive care of ischaemic heart disease amongst a cohort of pa ...
Public Health Agency (PHA) Database on newborn screening In the first week after birth, all babies in Northern Ireland are offered screening ('heel prick test') for a range of inherited conditions including phenylketonuria (PKU), congenital hypo ...
Public Health Agency (PHA) Database on newborn hearing screening The current newborn hearing screening programme in Northern Ireland, which has been in place since October 2005, is offered to all newborn infants. The aim of the screening programme is to r ...
Centre for Lung Health Pulmonary arterial hypertension register Pulmonary arterial hypertension includes a group of diseases incorporating Idiopathic Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (IPAH) and PAH related to various underlying medical conditions. With th ...
UK Renal Registry (UKRR) Renal disease registry The UK Renal Registry (UKRR) is a resource for the development of patient care in renal disease. It was established by the Renal Association with support from the Department of Health, the British Associatio ...
The UK Epilepsy and Pregnancy Register Registry for pregnant women with epilepsy The UK Epilepsy and Pregnancy register was established in 1996 for pregnant women in the UK. The major objective of the register is to obtain and publish information on the f ...
Cystic Fibrosis Trust Cystic Fibrosis Registry The UK Cystic Fibrosis Registry tracks the health of people with CF throughout the UK; its primary purpose is to help drive up the standard of clinical care. In 2007 the Cystic Fibrosis Trust implemented the ...
Severe Chronic Neutropenia International Registry Neutropenia register Neutropenia is a blood disorder, in which the number of neutrophils (white blood cells) in the blood is too low. The Severe Chronic Neutropenia International Registry (SCNIR) was estab ...
Cleft Development Board Cleft lip and palate database The CRANE database is a record of information about children born with cleft lip and palate in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. The CRANE Database can be considered a continuation of the Craniofaci ...
National Centre for Medical Genetics (NCMG) Genetics The National Centre for Medical Genetics seeks to provide a comprehensive service for all patients and families in the Republic of Ireland affected by or at risk of a genetic disorder. The Centre, under ...
Health Service Executive (HSE) Newborn Bloodspot Screening (NBS) Register The National Newborn Bloodspot Screening Programme (NNBSP) screens all newborn babies for six conditions soon after birth, to ensure that any baby with one of these rare conditions ...
National Centre for Cardiothoracic Surgery, Mater Misericordiae University Hospital, Dublin Heart, Lung, Transplant, Database Since April 1999 the Department of Health have funded a heart/lung and lung transplant programme based at the Mater Hospital in D ...
Health Service Executive (HSE) Screening, Hearing, Newborn baby In the South and South East of Ireland (Cork University Maternity Hospital, Wexford General and Waterford Regional Hospitals) parents of all babies born are offered a hearing screen for their ...
Prevalence of injuries among three-year-old children in the Republic of Ireland in 2011 (December 2015)
Longstanding health conditions among three-year old children in the Republic of Ireland (October 2014)
UK National Screening Committee (NSC) recommends that bowel cancer screening in England should start 10 years earlier at age 50.
Bowel cancer screening in England should in future start 10 years earlier at age 50, the UK National Screening Committee (NSC) has recommended. Research shows that screening people at a younger age would allow more bowel cancers to be detected at an earlier stage, when treatment is likely to more effective and survival chances improved. For more info click here
Currently; in the Republic of Ireland, population screening (involving people without symptoms) is offered to people aged 60 - 69 years and, in Northern Ireland, is offered to people aged 60 - 74 years
DoH publishes its 10-year Sláintecare Implementation StrategySláintecare is the Irish government’s reformation of Ireland’s health and social care system. The strategy proposes a fundamental shift, vision and strategic plan for the future direction of the Irish health and social care services.The Implementation Strategy, launched late last week, sets out a ten year plan for reform with wide ranging recommendations covering five key areas:
Ireland’s survival rates for cancer patients have improved significantly – latest figures published by The Lancet
The Minister for Health, Simon Harris has stressed the importance of taking steps, as a society, to prevent cancer. The Minister was marking World Cancer Day, which takes place every year on the 4th of February.
Minister Harris said “Ireland is making significant strides in cancer control. The latest figures published by The Lancet confirm we are moving up the global rankings and cancer survival rates here have improved significantly. Five-year survival rates for cancer have improved from 44.2% (1994-1998) to 61.1% (2010-2014).
“The National Cancer Strategy 2017-2026 aims to ensure that survival rates in Ireland continue to improve and that, over the lifetime of this Strategy, Irish survival rates will reach the top quartile in Europe. In achieving this we must also ensure that our services meet the needs of those living with and beyond cancer, from diagnosis and treatment to psycho-social support post-treatment. I am delighted to see a focus on improving the quality of life for cancer survivors through World Cancer Day”
Cancer in Ireland 1994 - 2015 with estimates for 2015 - 2017: Annual Report of the National Cancer Registry
The National Cancer Registry of Ireland has released its 22nd annual statistical report. This report summarises cancer incidence, mortality and survival in Ireland for the period 1994-2015, and provides projected estimates for incidence for the most recent three-year period: 2015-2017. The cumulative lifetime risk (to age 75 years) of an invasive cancer diagnosis was approximately 1 in 3 for men and 1 in 4 for women. The absolute risk difference between the most and least deprived 20% of the population was highest for pancreatic (+14%), lung (+9%), colon (+8%), oesophageal (+8%), and ovarian cancers (+7%). Age-standardized rates of all invasive cancers (excluding non-melanoma skin cancer (NMSC)) were 26% higher in men than in women. Overall, taking the first recorded invasive cancer (exc. NMSC) for each patient, the proportion of cases presenting as an emergency was 15% (of all cases whose admission type was known). The cancers with the highest proportion of emergency presentation were: pancreas (34%), lung (26%), ovary (24%) and colon (22%). For all cancer types, patients resident in the most deprived areas were more likely to present as an emergency. For all cancers examined, relative differences by deprivation were substantial, with patients from the most deprived group 25%-67% more likely to present as emergencies, depending on the cancer type (54% for all cancers combined). Similar data on cancer in Northern Ireland is available here.
The study, by Imperial College London, showed that while eating the recommended five a day still helps reduce the risk of disease, the highest benefits are seen in people who consume 10 portions and calculated such eating habits could prevent 7.8 million premature deaths each year. A portion counts as 80g (3oz) of fruit or veg - the equivalent of a small banana, a pear or three heaped tablespoons of spinach or peas. The team also identified specific fruit and veg that reduced the risk of cancer and heart disease. Lower risks of cancer were linked to eating; green veg (eg spinach); yellow veg (eg peppers), and cruciferous vegetables (eg cauliflower). Lower risks of heart disease and strokes were linked to eating; apples; pears; citrus fruits; salads; green leafy vegetables (eg lettuce) and cruciferous veg.
The number of people living with depression is increasing, 18% between 2005 and 2015. In the lead-up to World Health Day on 7 April, which this year will focus on this increasingly important issue, WHO is releasing today a new global report on health estimates on depression. This report provides latest available estimates of the prevalence of depression and other common mental disorders at the global and regional level, together with data concerning the consequences of these disorders in terms of lost health. Reliable, up-to-date estimates of the proportion of a general population affected by different diseases or health conditions is a key ingredient of effective health policy, planning and evaluation.
E-cigarettes are less toxic and safer to use compared to conventional cigarettes, according to research published in Annals of Internal Medicine. Scientists at UCL found that people who swapped smoking regular cigarettes for e-cigarettes or nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) for at least six months, had much lower levels of toxic and cancer causing substances in their body than people who continued to use conventional cigarettes. The research was funded by Cancer Research UK.
According to Cancer Research UK, unhealthy lifestyles are responsible for the rise in cancer cases among both sexes - but women are bearing the brunt of the increase. Obesity is one of the factors that can increase the risk of cancers that only affect women, such as womb cancer and ovarian cancer. Cervical and oral cancers are also on the rise in women. Smoking rates are now falling across the UK - but lung cancer figures are beginning to reflect women who took up the habit over recent decades. The charity says that cancer rates will continue to climb nearly six times faster in women than men over the next 20 years.
The Northern Ireland Minister for Infrastructure is committed to increasing the level of active travel and strongly supports improving health and wellbeing for everyone across the region. In this draft Belfast Bicycle Network consultation document, the Minister sets out his plans to develop a quality bicycle infrastructure for Belfast. The Consultation opened on 23 January 2017. Closing date 13 April 2017 at 17:00.
Women aged 25 to 60 across Ireland are being urged this week to look after their health by making sure they’re up to date with their free smear test to help prevent cervical cancer. The campaign marks the beginning of European Cervical Cancer Prevention Week, which takes place from January 24th to 30th. Regular cervical screening can detect changes to the cervix early. Most of the changes detected will not lead to cervical cancer but early detection and treatment of pre-cancerous cells can prevent cancer developing in most cases.
EU Regulation 2017/852 on Mercury and the UK Control of Mercury (Enforcement) Regulations (2017) - Article 10
IJERPH, Vol. 15, Pages 2538: Assessment of Health-Related Quality of Life between People with Parkinson’s Disease and Non-Parkinson’s: Using Data Drawn from the ‘100 for Parkinson’s’ Smartphone-Based Prospective Study
IJERPH, Vol. 15, Pages 2536: The Efficacy of the Tabby Improved Prevention and Intervention Program in Reducing Cyberbullying and Cybervictimization among Students
Door‐to‐balloon time and factors associated with delayed door‐to‐balloon time in ST‐segment elevation myocardial infarction at Thailand's largest tertiary referral centre
The old school combines classic and retro styles, as Zenith is committed to supporting men's health in this year's outstanding gentleman's ride and is ready to implement there.
On September 30, 2018, 120,000 elegant and gentle men will take to the streets, wear their best suits, ride their old-fashioned or classic motorcycles, and raise funds on behalf of the official charity partners of the event to improve prostate cancer. Research and understanding of male suicide prevention, the Movember Foundation.
The outstanding gentleman's ride is based on an idea that Mark Hawwa envisioned in his hometown of Australia in 2012. Since its inception, DGR has changed more than 650 cities in 95 countries around the world, and enthusiastic riders proudly showcase their elegance in cafe racers, blenders, helicopters, floats or vintage scooters. Many onlookers in cities such as London, Paris, New York, Hong Kong, Munich, Vienna, and Andorra are watching and watching. Hundreds of cyclists travel through the city centre and often take photos with enthusiastic tourists and young people with big eyes. .wholesale Hublot Big Bang Sang replica Watches
The event has become one of the world's largest men's health charity fundraising events, raising more than $13 million to date, with the goal of adding $6 million to the cause throughout the 2018 fundraising event.
The Zenith team works with DGR to celebrate timeless style and selfless philanthropy. Ambassador Zenith and the brand's friends have given great support. Everyone is oriented towards the same goal of helping to fund research, and is therefore the most famous person in DGR. The resulting top fundraising achievements reflect the dedication and unwavering passion of the time-registered brand partners.
No stranger to the world of motorcycles, Zenith also provided extra hospitality for enthusiasts and motorcyclists during the 2018 event. In support of this global charity event for the third year in a row, the brand with the director's star proudly launched the PILOT 20 chronograph Ton Up Black.TAG HEUER CARRERA CALIBRE 16 CHRONOGRAPH CV201AR.BA0715 replica watch
Designed to celebrate the cafe racing knight community, also known as the Ton-up boy, this watch is naturally named ZENITH Heritage Pilot Ton-up. As a culture of rock bands, show off fast motorcycles during the party, the cafe racing is a motorcycle that has stripped away all unnecessary weight to get speed and is known for its visual minimalism.
Like the motorcycle of the same name, the PILOT 20 chronograph Ton Up Black is absolutely free of any clutter. The PILOT 20 chronograph Ton Up Black features a men's 45mm stainless steel case, a stylish way to focus on its vintage appeal and match the overall design of the watch. This heavy matt dial is paired with a matching black case to deeply etch the cafe racing on his motorcycle. For added comfort and longevity, this signature oily nubuck leather strap features a protective rubber lining with contrasting white hand stitching and a titanium buckle. Driven by the legendary internal El Primero automatic 4069 calibre, 5Hz (36,000b VpH), 50-hour power reserve, with the right leather jacket, this cool number is a must-have set for this year, suitable for everyone looking for a gentleman's ride The traveler's watch combines the designer's retro charm with a clear sporting style!
To celebrate the 55th anniversary of its TAG Heuer Carrera collection, the brand has launched two stylish vintage styles.
Since its introduction in 1963, the Heuer Carrera has become synonymous with racing timekeeping, and several legendary riders have chosen to wear the Heuer Carrera chronograph during their career. In 2018, the TAG Heuer Carrera collection celebrates its 55th anniversary.fashion Richard Mille RM 067 replica Watches
On this occasion, two new TAG Heuer Carrera Calibre 16 chronographs have been unveiled. The 41 mm case has a black or blue dial with a perforated black leather strap with red stitching or a steel strap. With the red touch, the color, contrast and position of the counter are clear references to motorsport.
The two sports watches are retro in design and consist of three white counters that contrast sharply with the dial with a white flange and a 60 second scale. The second hand timer is at 9 o'clock, the minute counter is at 12 o'clock, and the hour counter is at 6 o'clock. A key component of the car chronograph, the bezel with tachometer scale is made of ceramic.
Omega launched the Seamaster Planet Ocean Ceragold watch, adding amazing new products to its Planet Ocean collection. These professional diving watches exude performance and mechanical precision in a stylish style.
Omega Ceragold is a technology pioneer that combines 18-carat gold with zirconium-based ceramics. The result is an amazingly smooth finished ceramic bezel with Ceragold diving scales.luxury replica watches for sale
The Omega Seamaster Planet Ocean Ceragold chronograph uses Ceragold to display a beautifully designed bezel with a polished black zirconium-based ceramic bezel. The contrast between black and Ceragold is amazing. Of course, the Seamaster Planet Ocean Ceragold watch has all the cute diving features inherent in the Planet Ocean Collection:
These features are truly unique and have obvious benefits for all divers. The watch also features 2000 feet of water resistance.
The Seamaster Planet Ocean Ceragold chronograph is a gorgeous watch with the Omega Co-Axial 9301 movement. This proprietary coaxial motion allows the adjustment of the hour hand without disturbing the operation of the minute or second hand. This is a gift for owners who tend to change the time zone. The dial of the chronograph is smooth black with two sub-dial, one at the 3 o'clock position for the 60-minute and 12-hour counters and the other at the 9 o'clock position. This chronograph is detailed with a black leather strap and an 18K gold folding clasp.
The second stunning new watch in the Planet Ocean Collection is the Omega Seahorse Planet Ocean Ceragold White Planet St. Moritz. Although the chronograph is all black, St. Moritz is white. Therefore, it is named after the town of St. Moritz in the Swiss mountains, and Omega participates in the world famous sled race.
At the heart of St. Moritz is the Omega Coaxial Movement 8501. It is equipped with an 18-carat red gold rotor and a balanced bridge. This exquisite watch features a matte white dial, Ceragold bezel and digital highlights. On the bottom cover are engraved: Si14, Ceragold, White Planet and St. Moritz. The Si14 is a reference for the St. Moritz Silicon Balance Spring. The white leather strap with a 18K gold folding clasp perfectly complements the watch.
Omega once again used the Ceragold Planet Ocean to add to our dazzling. The fusion of materials is just a masterpiece. The Seamaster Planet Ocean Ceragold chronograph and the white planet St. Moritz are two timepieces that guarantee a sense of satisfaction and luxury.Discount BREMONT replica watches perfect
元素（白） [genso (shiro)] or 'chemical element (white)' in Japanese. The word 'genso' is specifically used for chemical elements such as H (Hydrogen) and other chemical elements.
28October 28, no events 29October 29, no events 30October 30, no events 31October 31, no events 1November 01, no events 2November 02, no events 3November 03, no events
4November 04, no events 5November 05, no events 6November 06, no events 7November 07, no events 8November 08, no events 9November 09, no events 10November 10, no events
11November 11, no events 12 13November 13, no events 14Today, November 14, no events 15November 15, no events 16November 16, no events 17November 17, no events
18November 18, no events 19November 19, no events 20November 20, no events 21 22 23 24November 24, no events
25November 25, no events 26November 26, no events 27November 27, no events 28November 28, no events 29November 29, no events 30November 30, no events 1December 01, no events
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "End Quarter 1", or just this one?
The Borough of Chester, which was founded in 1930 when the borough split from Chester Township, is an attractive 1.6 square mile village which succeeds in integrating the heritage of the past with the contemporary conveniences of suburban living. Chester�s Main Street, with its antique shops and old homes, is a visual replica of the town, as it existed 100 or more years ago. Today, residential community families find its historic rural atmosphere and close proximity to suburban businesses and industries highly desirable.
Chester�s early development was closely associated with mining interests so typical of the region. The borough�s growth as an industrial center peaked in the decades following the Civil War. Since that time its character has changed from sheep ranching and woolen mills to suburban residential, manufacturing and agriculture.
Chester Borough and Chester Township share churches, fire department, stores, clubs, recreation programs and educational facilities, thereby offering residents many advantages of suburban living.
In recent years Chester has experienced well-planned residential and commercial growth. The Chester area has undergone a transformation from a quiet rural village into a town renowned for shopping, schools, restaurants and cultural opportunities.�
The impetus for this growth has been the result of the location of several large corporate facilities within the region.�
While the Chesters boast many modern homes on sprawling lots, you also find many old buildings from the 1700-1800�s, notable for an historic old country look.
The borough of Chester encompassing approx. 1.5 sq. miles, is surrounded by almost 30 sq. miles of Chester Twp. More than 30% of the Township is preserved as open space.
Incorporated in 1799, Chester Township is made up of historic homes, open space, farms and newer developments. Several state and county parks are located in this rural township, including Black River Wildlife Preserve, Cooper Mill and Willowwood Arboretum. Chester Township has much preserved space, several hundred acres of activity-filled park areas, a fishing reservoir, hiking trails, a sledding hill, and an arboretum, among others.
The two municipalities share a public library, first aid squad, fire department, community pool, athletic programs, civic organizations and lower schools. High school students attend West Morris Mendham H. S. which is ranked # 4 in the state by New Jersey Monthly Magazine.
Chester Township Consolidated School District, Route 24, Chester 07930, (908) 879-7373; West Morris Regional High School District, Four Bridges Road Chester 07930, (908) 879-6404
Bisected by Route 206 and 24, residents have good access to I-80 to the north and I-287 and 78 to the south. Train transportation is from Netcong (9 miles), Peapack (5 miles) and Morristown (12 miles). Local bus to New York City (daily).
Swimming, boating, playground, tennis, golf, ice-skating, Little League, 4-H, horseback riding, Chester Theatre Group; and Growing Stage for Children. County, state and federal parks, are within a few minutes drive where you can try your hand at everything from bocce to baseball. The Morris County Park Commission operates 24 sites, including three golf courses, two aboreta and the Mennen Sports Arena and offers a year-round program of activities throughout the county like adult education courses, programs for school children, planned trail walks, golf tournaments and outdoor concerts.
Want additional information on any of these condos or townhomes, or a private showing? Please Contact Us, your Chester Boro,Chester Twp. NJ Realtors.
I have quilted a few of these quilts that feature this pattern. It’s a fabulous pattern that lets you use a panel in the center and then companion fabrics to frame it all in. Each quilt is totally a different theme…because it’s based upon the panel that you use. Isn’t that great? So I quilted… Read More
Susan and her friend each sent a couple of quilts for quilting. I love this sweet quilt. Rob quilted it with a design called Be Cheerful. It’s one of my favorite designs. She also sent this cute pineapple wall hanging: Isn’t that sweet? I custom quilted that and this next one: It has been difficult… Read More
Judy sent two of these quilts and Rob quilted them. She always does fabulous applique and designs many of her own quilts. She is going through some health issues…so if we could all just pray for her….I would appreciate that. 🙂 I think these are adorable and I appreciate the relationship and work we have… Read More
This is a pattern by Jen Kingwell. I have made several of her patterns…because I love them. I love her style. She uses scraps for everything…Which is a style I seem to be drawn too. This is made using templates, which is not my favorite way to quilt. In fact it took me so long… Read More
I had a few extra little projects that have been hanging around….so I decided to finish them and get them in the “completed” pile. One of them was this scrappy quilt I put together …I think back in January—ish? I used scraps from my tiny house quilt and just randomly put these blocks together and… Read More
Each table measures around 3ft (90cm) across and 15 1/2" (39cm) high. Made form reclaimed timber which has been sanded and treated with an Oil-Wax finish to bring our the natural colour of the wood. The coating is resistant to water, cola, wine and beer and is easily wipe clean. Each table is different and may have chips, scratches or splits from it's previous life. It does not affect the strength but we feel adds to the character.
There are 3, 2 prong hairpin legs which have been left uncoated to compliment the aged, industrial feel of the table. Collection/viewing by appointment. Free delivery is include up to 25 miles from NN7 4. Contact us for other delivery options or to arrange purchase.
Response to Intervention is defined, in Wisconsin, as a process for achieving higher levels of academic and behavioral success for all students. Rigorous implementation of RTI includes a combination of high quality instruction practice, balanced assessment, and collaboration, all which are infused with culturally responsive practices.
RTI supports and provides value to the use of multiple assessments to inform instructional practices
Each child is universally screened using AIMSWEB three times a year or more. The child either meets, exceeds, or does not meet benchmarks. Instruction will vary based on the needs. For a student that meets or exceeds benchmarks a child will receive high quality, differentiated core instruction plus additional challenges for those that exceed. If the student does not meet benchmarks they will continue to receive a high quality, differentiated core instruction plus interventions based on student need. Collaboration and results monitoring increase with the intensity of interventions. The balanced assessment system includes universal screening, formative benchmark, and summative assessments plus progress monitoring increases with the intensity of interventions.
This is a secure Staff Intranet content page and cannot be viewed by the public. Please contact your Technology Director to gain access to the Staff Intranet area in order to view this page.
I have her on file by Michael and here is the caption from Riversea ... she had moved down from Hartlepuddle ... not sure where she went after this.
Doesn't look as though there has been any work done on her since I last saw her in Hartlepool in about 2005. If she doesn't have an engine, I wonder if the plan is for her to be a live aboard - eventually. Would explain the extensive railings.
home | id tips| submit records | facebook page | get involved | books | links | gallery | recorders | database
Two of the top freshman athletes in the country; Elijah Molden & Anthony Adams: By Jordan Johnson | Northwest Elite Index
The best thing about our elite events is that it allows the top athletes in the region to compete against one another. Two freshman that stick out like a sore thumb are Elijah Molden of West Linn and Anthony Adams of Newberg. They currently project as the top two recruits in Oregon for the 2017 class, and two of the better overall athletes anywhere in the U.S.
As most know Elijah is the son of former NFL vet and 1st round pick Alex Molden. As a youth athlete he was in a class of his own running for 49 TD’s in a single season. This past year he started on Varsity as a freshman for the Lions, and earned 2nd team all Three Rivers League honors in what was Oregon’s toughest conference. He will be the go to guy on the offensive side of the ball in the year’s ahead as you can expect him to flourish.
Referencing the upcoming season Elijah says, “Our freshman and JV teams both did really well and we have some talented kids returning”. He continued,” I don’t really have any personal goals I just want to help my team win.” Molden is a three sport athlete and carries a 4.0 GPA. Its still early but when all is said and done he could be one of the better high school players to ever come through Oregon.
More then anything Molden and Adams are both quality character kids. Kudo’s to the parents as you couldn’t ask for more down to earth young men. We saw the two square off in one on one’s a few weeks back at our Barton Elite Event in Portland. For the most part they were even as the top upperclassmen wondered how these two were 9th graders. Head BFA DB coach coach Aaron Kincy, out of Florida and Portland St, went nuts when Molden picked off a top junior QB/WR combo at the event. You can see the congratulatory rush by Kincy and the other players at the Barton Elite Event Video posted above.
Newberg will transition from the Pacific Conference to the brutally tough TRL next year, giving Adams and Molden a chance to play against each other for the next three seasons. Speaking on his squad Anthony says, “People took notice of our team last season and we expect nothing less then a mid round playoff run next year”. Adding, “Personally I just want to contribute however I can to help us reach our full potential.”
Adams will be a kid that rarely comes off the field as he could be one of the better players in the state as a sophomore. His primary spot will be at quarterback offensively and safety defensively, but he is athletic enough to play 4-5 different positions. His brother Darnell is a standout at Portland St, but I think he would even tell you that his younger brother is on another level.
The Tigers return some talented kids and have a very impressive youth movement coming in under head coach TJ Tomlin. Both Adams and Molden will be individuals that we see recognized nationally in the coming years, as they represent all that is good about our high school athletes on and off the field.
Language - None -AlbanaisAllemandAnglaisArabeBulgareChinoisCoréenDanskEspagnolFinnoisFrançaisGrecHébreuHongroisIndonésienItalienJaponnaisMacédonienNorvégienPersanPolonaisPortugaisRoumainRusseSerbeSlovaqueSuédoisTchèque ThaïlandaisTurcUkrainienVietnamien
She is one of the most important people in my life. She has always been there for me, through the good times and the bad. Everytime in my life that I have fallen she has been there to pick me up. Everytime that I rejoiced over something she has always been there to share it with me.
Thank you for the sweet image. Happy Birthday to your Mom. I love to read about people who say their Mom is their best friend. I missed out on that. Hugs~
Happy Birthday Mom of Anna! You raised a fantastic daughter and she obviously loves and appreciates you very much. Enjoy your day :)
Mom's are the greatest, aren't they? I hope your mom had a great day and loved her sweet surprise. Thanks so much for the very special image. Think I'm all caught up, I'll see you soon.
You can take the illusion you've set up a step further with a few ways to trick the eye. First of all, don't be tempted to give your small living room a dark paint job even if you think loveseats look best in pale upholstery. Keep to pale shades that will help make the room feel bigger. If you want to keep a pale color for your loveseats, there are a number of wall paint colors that can complement it without making the room feel smaller.
Whether you live in a house or apartment, redecorating will always be limited to the space you have to work with. If your living room, for instance, isn't a wide open space, then some adjustments and sacrifices for the decor are due, such as opting for loveseats instead of a full-length sofa.
For the sake of brevity, this article will focus on dabbling with your furniture in order to breathe some life into your living room. The kind of furniture used in the living room depends a great deal on the requirements of the family. For instance, a home with kids may have entirely different needs while those with mostly grown ups in the family will value the grace and looks of Amish made furniture.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s
The best way to implement a living room decorating concept is to research the purpose of the room. The purpose of your living room is for most a place of sanctuary, where one can kick back in the recliner, with a cold beverage, and enjoy a ball game, or movie. For others the living room can be a virtual office, in the days of wireless internet, and laptop computers, living room decorating must consider these things. Whatever the use is for your living room, try locating it before you do any living room decorating, in order to fully adorn the room with functional decorations.
You can also experiment with different types of furniture for different requirements. For instance, Amish furniture could be used to show your sense of appreciation towards craftsmanship. Remember, your living room also doubles up as the place to entertain your guests and business delegates. And carefully crafted Amish Oak furniture might just land you a lucrative long-term contract! Wicker furniture may also be used to lend variety in the living room. Plastic furniture is easier to handle.
The most common functional elements found when living room decorating is occurring are old wood tables being used as desks, a piece of a sail boat converted into a coffee table, or even a fancy piece of art, that happens to be a clock. These are your common, run of the mill functional design elements. There are plenty of others worth a try as well.
When Christina sent in her contribution to the Rock-Along Gallery earlier this week, she asked whether there would be a new button for 2004. Good question! We didn't realize the rock-knitting would carry over to this year, did we? Not only is the gallery updated, then, but there's a new button if you fancy being up to date:
City Map Of Minnesota And Wisconsin is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Enchantments New York City is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hd Tech City Of Industry Ca is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hartmanns Tweed Belting Business Bag is a simple case with space for your work materials and a laptop or iPad. The bag is made of a nylon and polyester blend, but features a vegetable tanned leather trim. The interior features a zip pocket to reduce clutter and a polyester twill lining. The leather strap handles are comfortable and easy to use. Business.
and hartmann tweed belting classic. Shop for Hartmann Tweed Collection online. Find great deals on eBay for Hartmann Tweed hartmann leather. Free Online Games. Awesome action games puzzle games adventure games multiplayer games skill games amp best action games. The Tweed collection is inspired by timeless Hartmann designs and signature materials. Shop with confidence. The Tweed Belting collection is inspired by timeless.
Chris from Garda and I have been discussing the 11R as a possible hardware solution for me so I wouldn't have to run GR5 off the same lappie as the sequencer. I was doing some reading, and I found it surprisingly well thought-of for the feel (Avid makes noise about the input impedance) and the low to mid-gain tones (vs. cleans and robogain, which modelers historically do well enough). Chris mentioned it 'cause they go cheap used; about $400 is the going rate. And- I did not know this- it's an 8-input + SPIDF audio interface in its own right. Throwin' that out there.
yeah, it's less than half the cost of the so I may have to just go that route to get started. I am sure if I like the idea of the modeling route I will at some point go to the Axe, but the 11R is such a cheap way in....
Oh my goodness! I have been keeping this a secret for months so I am so happy that I get to share the news that I have been asked to be the guest designer for Little Miss Muffet Stamps for this month!! Yippie!!
Today there is a new release with some amazing new stamps so be sure to head on over to the LMMS Blog and the store to check them all out! And happy shopping because I know you'll want them all!!
For my card today I used the adorable and so groovy Polka Dot Pals Fiona! She was so much fun to color up! I added some glossy accents to her glasses too so they seemed a bit more realistic.
I hope you have a great day and thanks for stopping by! Don't forget to check out all the awesome new stamps at the Little Miss Muffet store!
Lol, you've done a fab job sitting on this secret! And what a groovy card to debut with too. Hope you enjoy your month with us x
Fantastic card, Danni! Love the groovy papers and fun layout! It's perfect with the cute image! So happy to have you as GD this month!
Congrats on being a GDT! Your card is so cute and fun!! Love the paper and the glossy accents on her glasses!
You made a darling card! Love the cute image, your coloring, and the pretty DP you chose. Thank you for sharing this with us at Friday Sketch. Hope to see you again soon! :^)
What a great card to start off your Guest Designer Spot with. I love the background papers and layers. The image is adorable and your coloring is awesome...Congratulations...Hugs, joann
Way to go Danni! How cool is this card you have done! I just love the way you did her glasses! The background paper are gorgeous too! Great layout!
AW!! She's so sweet Danni!! Love your coloring and design here!! Congrats on this special news!! Look forward to seeing more of your designs! HUGS
Mom to Matthew who is 17 and Annabelle who is 14. Married to Sam for 19 years. . I just love stamping and scrapping!
All of the artwork, cards, scrapbook pages, etc. on this blog are made by Danni Bindel. I am flattered if you want to use anything for inspiration but please give credit to me!
Sometimes companies that I design for generously supply me with complimentary products for promotional purposes .
However my enthusiasm in promoting their products does not stem from the fact that I am compensated by them, but because I love their products.
Blog Archive November (6) October (12) September (14) August (9) July (32) June (14) May (12) April (7) March (16) February (11) January (7) December (13) November (29) October (6) September (4) August (15) July (7) June (3) May (7) April (8) March (18) February (8) January (20) December (12) November (17) October (7) September (22) August (11) July (17) June (7) May (13) April (8) March (16) February (14) January (12) December (13) November (6) October (8) September (11) August (8) July (5) June (10) May (6) April (8) March (8) February (13) January (11) December (20) November (16) October (20) September (17) August (11) July (12) June (25) May (14) April (13) March (21) February (17) January (19) December (24) November (31) October (32) September (25) August (26) July (20) June (24) May (33) April (38) March (27) February (27) January (33) December (32) November (28) October (18) September (19) August (29) July (27) June (23) May (28) April (25) March (31) February (29) January (26) December (27) November (35) October (41) September (41) August (42) July (28) June (43) May (46) April (32) March (35) February (31) January (38) December (37) November (42) October (43) September (48) August (54) July (47) June (37) May (33) April (42) March (44) February (37) January (43) December (49) November (48) October (40) September (47) August (45) July (43) June (45) May (54) April (67) March (81) February (57) January (100) December (81) November (79) October (71) September (90) August (43) July (35) June (34) May (15) April (32) March (34) February (35) January (25) December (36) November (30) October (14)
Solar power know-how isn't a the latest improvement; in actual fact, it dates back again to the mid 1800s to the commercial revolution when solar Strength plants were being formulated to heat water that designed steam to generate equipment. Carry on reading through down below for a brief solar panel historical past.
World-wide warming is happening as you jackasses’ factories and cars manufactured plenty of smog to productively problems our o-zone. Don’t blame solar panels because you’re idiots.
The New Zealand Parliamentary Commissioner with the Atmosphere uncovered which the solar PV would've minor effect on the state's greenhouse fuel emissions. The state currently generates eighty % of its electric power from renewable means (mostly hydroelectricity and geothermal) and national electrical energy usage peaks on Wintertime evenings While solar generation peaks on summer season afternoons, which means a sizable uptake of solar PV would end up displacing other renewable generators in advance of fossil-fueled ability plants.[107]
Now that the battery storage potential continues to be proven, you’ll will need to find out how many solar panels you’ll need to interchange the fifty amp-hours eaten on a median day. Assuming you use your RV generally over the spring and summer season like The majority of us, you’ll be subjected to a median of five peak-Sunshine-several hours per day.
From the mid-1990s, development of both of those, household and industrial rooftop solar and utility-scale photovoltaic electric power stations, began to accelerate once again thanks to supply troubles with oil and organic gas, world warming considerations, as well as the strengthening financial placement of PV relative to other Power technologies.
Much like all Power sources had been their full daily life cycle emissions largely lay in the development and transportation stage, the swap to very low carbon energy while in the production and transportation of solar equipment would more decrease carbon emissions. BP Solar owns two factories created by Solarex (one in Maryland, one other in Virginia) where each of the energy utilized to manufacture solar panels is made by solar panels. A one-kilowatt process gets rid of the burning of close to 170 pounds of coal, three hundred lbs of carbon dioxide from currently being released in to the environment, and will save as many as one zero five gallons of water usage every month.[104]
I have a problem With all the definition of a Type II civilization. Whenever they harnessed ALL their star’s Electricity, there wouldn’t be any remaining in excess of for light and warmth.
This is essential to reduce electricity expenses. There isn't any issue on turning over the supporters unless they are needed to eliminate a twister. Given that the folks of Oklahoma have suffered remarkable reduction previously, I hereby assign all Patent here Legal rights to your State of Oklahoma. The Twister Killer array might be financed from the insurance policies rates which the Oklahoma People didn’t really have to spend in the future.
As of about 2010, these types of electronics may compensate for shading results, whereby a shadow falling throughout a section of the module brings about the electrical output of a number of strings of cells while in the module to fall to zero, although not obtaining the output of your complete module slide to zero.
Browse our ten guidelines for obtaining a solar power system, strategies for selecting solar panels or learn the way to calculate what number of solar panels you’ll must ability your own home.
As price ranges are quickly declining, PV techniques progressively use rechargeable batteries to retail store a surplus for being later utilised at night. Batteries employed for grid-storage stabilize the electrical grid by leveling out peak masses generally for various minutes, As well as in scarce cases for several hours. Sooner or later, cheaper batteries could Enjoy a crucial part about the electrical grid, click here as they might demand through intervals when generation exceeds need and feed their saved Vitality in the grid when need is increased than technology.
The Power payback time (EPBT) of an influence building process is some time required to crank out just as much Electricity as is eaten through output and life time Procedure in the procedure. Due to improving generation systems the payback time is lowering consistently Considering that the introduction of PV methods within the Strength market.
With each individual pump of a fuel cope with, with every single press of an automobile’s accelerator, with every plug of our... Examine A lot more , but the event of stated technology over the past several many years has become lackluster. Just how long prior to solar Electricity life nearly its claims? What’s taking so very long? Will the energy revolution get there in time?
I know I say this every few weeks but wow, where on earth does the time go? It’s been almost 6 weeks since I put down some news and notes on this here Blog. Why so long?
Yes, I have been busy which is a good thing. But I realized that on May 16th it was the first anniversary after losing Dad.
It’s been a tough year for sure and we all miss him terribly. I am still wondering if this is a horrible dream sometimes.
However, I have been lucky to have some of the greatest group of friends who have given me love and support at this difficult time. All I can say to them is “thank you.” And I hope any of you reading this post are as lucky as I am to have the support.
If you are ever unsure on what to say when someone experiences a loss and figure it is best to not say anything at all (in order to avoid saying the “wrong” thing)—let me just tell you one thing. All you ever have to say is “I am sorry for your loss.” Trust me—it does the job fine.
My family is in all kinds of states right now as to how they are handling the news one year later. Mom has decided to go a dream vacation to France and I couldn’t be happier for her. (Wish I could have tagged along, but oh well.)
Do any of you have problems with students using cell phones in class? I feel as if it gets worse every year and I am not sure how to handle it any more. We have signs all over the place and I make an announcement at the beginning of class and yet I still get the occasional mobile phone scofflaw. How do you all handle this or how does your gym handle this if you are not an instructor?
As some of you know—I am a NYC contributor for the popular fitness Blog Fit Bottomed Girls and this month I have had some articles featured there including:
An awesome Tabata workout from Nikki Metzger, Women’s Health Magazine Next Fitness Star who gave me her favorite kick-butt routine.
I was lucky enough to meet two Olympians who will compete at the Summer Olympics—Gabby Douglas and Dana Vollmer! I wrote this piece for Fit Bottomed Mamas and each brought their moms to talk about how their maternal guidance helped them to become ace competitors. Both were just about as nice as you can imagine.
Next month I will post yet another interview I recently had with an Olympian! (Hint—she plays soccer.)
Whew–that’s it for me today! I will be back soon with magazine reviews, playlists, reviews and so much more. Happy soon-to-be Summer everyone!
(If you are reading this on a different site or a different feed than Brooklyn Fit Chick, it has been taken without permission.)
The eye can be taken a look at with relative ease as to both its function and its structure. A functional assessment consists of the ability to move in the orbit and the response of the student to light and accommodation.
The function of the eye may be checked in several ways. The patient might be asked to recognize illuminated letter or objects of varying sizes on what is called the Snellen chart.
On the other hand, the assessment of the structural part of the eye might be made in a number of ways. Tension within the eyeball is measured by a "tonometer." In particular illness, especially in glaucoma, the tension in the eyeball is increased considerably.
However, it ought to be well bore in mind that a client with an eye issue might have other problems too. Often other physical conditions are main and affect the eye as a consequence. The appearance of the eye can alert the doctor and the patient to difficulties in some disturbances of other parts of the body even before other signs provide themselves.
Consequently, one's reliance on sight is stressed when one faces a momentary or possible irreversible loss of this important sense. When restorative steps are looked for, specific kinds of vision correction such as contact lenses or eyeglasses are prescribed.
On the other hand, some individuals are troubled with the reality that they have actually some framed lenses or contact lenses in front of their eyes.
For this factor, advanced surgeries were developed to motivate reduced utilization of contact lenses or glasses. One of which is the now popular LASIK eye surgical treatment.
Basically, LASIK eye surgery is the short-term for "Laser-Assisted In Situ Keratomileusis." Like its concrete counterpart, LASIK eye surgery is another kind of vision correction. The only distinction is that with this kind of surgical treatment, one's vision is corrected permanently.
With LASIK eye surgery, the refractive errors in the cornea are permanently changed. This can be done utilizing an "excimer laser."
The primary purpose of this surgical treatment is to develop a threadlike, rounded "flap" in the cornea utilizing a blade called "microkeratome." In a series of unfolding and laser processing, the cornea is finally reformed, permitting better the eye to direct more light into the retina.
In the middle of the growing popularity of LASIK eye surgical treatment, there are still disadvantages that people must understand. Most likely, the main reason that this kind of eye surgery has actually become well accepted is since the majority of its cases had actually achieved success.
Since LASIK eye surgical treatment includes the operation of the retina, which is one of the most sensitive parts of the eye, many people say that the operation can be very dangerous.
To puts it simply, a easy mistake could practically cause an person's lifetime loss of sight. For this reason, it is very important to consider check this numerous aspects before choosing whether LASIK eye surgery is the right corrective measure one has to undergo.
LASIK eye surgery might correct your vision but it does not always imply that it can provide you a best vision. Even if statistical reports show that 70% of the patients may have 20/20 vision, this does not necessarily imply they have perfect vision as well.
Provided all these things, it can be deduced that, in spite of the appeal of the operation, LASIK may not always be the ideal eye surgery the method many people view it
Conversely, the evaluation of the structural part of the eye might be made in numerous methods. It should be well remembered that a patient with an eye problem may have other issues. Typically other physical conditions are main and impact the eye as a repercussion. The appearance of the eye can notify the client and the doctor to difficulties in some disturbances of other parts of the body even prior to other symptoms provide themselves.
From Norway to France - the French education Madeleine and Lauritz, both Norwegian, share their experience as students in France !
Bruk CampusFrance, et verktøy som hjelper deg å finne et studium som passer deg, og finansieringsmuligheter.
Obama’s worldview is biased and belittling. It demeans small-town/rural America’s 60 million residents. It smears others who, unlike Obama, think what we are matters more than what we have.
My late father-in-law, a wise man and former presidential aide, often mused how “moments” can reveal a political candidate or spouse. The mask falls. Truth outs. Reality trumps image.
In February, Michelle Obama said, “For the first time in my adult life (her husband’s candidacy), I am really proud of my country.” At 46, the Ivy League lawyer’s “moment” trashed space exploration, the fall of communism and, ironically, Martin Luther King’s birthday-turned-holiday. The mask slipped. America recoiled.
Another “moment” followed, equally instructive. Barack Obama’s longtime pastor, Jeremiah Wright, was shown preaching, among other things, “God damn America.” Obama’s reply: “I can no more denounce Reverend Wright than denounce the entire black race.” His logic would preclude condemning David Duke for fear of offending whites.
If such “moments” shook Obama’s mask — urbane, fair, colorblind — this month shattered it. In San Francisco — “elitism’s epicenter,” said The New York Times’ Maureen Dowd — the Democratic candidate explained to donors why the working class mistrusts him. Among friends, Obama engaged in true confession, his Weltanschauung rocking the campaign.
Small-town America, he began, feels angst, whereupon it becomes “bitter … cling(ing) to guns or religion or antipathy to people who aren’t like them or anti-immigration sentiment or anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations.”
Obama’s worldview is biased and belittling. It demeans small-town/rural America’s 60 million residents. It smears others who, unlike Obama, think what we are matters more than what we have. In 20 seconds, he forged the worst would-be president’s botch since George Romney rued “being brainwashed” in 1967.
I don’t hunt. My un-bitter father did, liking its bonhomie and tradition. Consider religion in the world’s most devout developed nation. Hillary Rodham Clinton put it best, becoming Joe Six Pack’s unlikely Joan of Arc: Americans “embrace faith not because they are materially poor (a crutch), but because they are spiritually rich (a shield).”
Added Clinton, rightly if self-servingly: “We don’t want a president who looks down at us. We want a president who stands up for us.” How could Obama be so disdainful of all things bourgeoisie? By not knowing what he doesn’t know.
Obama may still take the Democratic nomination. Yet what has the rookie gaffer learned? Refusing to recant prejudice, he hectors the middle class for guns, faith and marriage “distracting” from “the real issues” — what he thinks we should care about.
Curt Smith is a former presidential speechwriter and author of 12 books. E-mail: curtsmith@netacc.net
Three years later, that's happened, and I see Brett at shows when he passes through town and at our friends' weddings and showers and parties, Anna and I dance at square dances and play ping-pong at old-time festivals, and Sabra and I make plans and chat regularly and sing songs around the campfire. Lora and Joe are now old friends and that upside-down pear tart is an old standby. I've since made it for Pi(e) Day and Christmas, Thanksgiving potlucks, and other dinner parties with friends.
I'm sharing the recipe again, as these photos by Stephanie Breijo, of the version I made for Brightest Young Things' Urban Picnic Guide, are the best ones I've seen yet. We're also decidedly in pear season, and maybe this fall you can also share this simple tart with friends old and soon-to-be.
1. Peel, halve, and core pears (with a melon-baller or grapefruit spoon). Heat butter in a 9- to 10-inch cast-iron skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then stir in sugar (sugar will not be dissolved). Arrange pears, cut sides up, in skillet with wide parts facing out. Sprinkle pears with cinnamon and cook without stirring, until sugar turns a deep golden caramel. (about 15- 25 minutes, depending on pears, skillets, and stove.) Cool pears completely in skillet.
3. Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin into a 12-inch round and trim to a 9 1/2- to 10 1/2-inch round. Arrange pastry over the caramelized pears, tucking the edge around the pears inside the rim of skillet. Bake tart until pastry is golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool 5 minutes.
4. Invert a rimmed serving plate (slightly larger than skillet) over skillet and, using pot holders to hold skillet and plate tightly together, invert tart onto plate. Serve tart warm with vanilla whipped cream.
En el marco de una crisis financiera en la región, que provoca el crecimiento disparatado del desempleo en distintas regiones del continente, los puntos y porcentajes de presentismo han aumentado enormemente, especialmente en la población de trabajadores jóvenes, siendo este grupo los más delicados en este aspecto.
Proudly powered by Wordpress, Photopress, and the theme Twins Identification Band the girlish way - by Frederic de Villamil
trusty pup dog bed cleaning pooch planet unconventional print with medium image xl,trusty pup dog bed walmart reviews fair popular designer cute washing instructions,trusty pup dog bed washing instructions xl lounge review best orthopedic 1 medium,trusty pup dog bed amazon walmart medium how to clean a memory foam,trusty pup dog bed amazon tips homely chew proof beds with comfortable materials cleaning reviews,trusty pup dog bed cleaning reviews trustypup large,trusty pup dog bed washing medium large memory foam amazon,trusty pup dog bed reviews amazon walmart trustypup large,barking from the bayou trusty pup dog bed amazon cleaning xl,trusty pup dog bed medium how to clean a that has no removable cover trustypup large amazon.
Kayden cross anal clips Marriage losing virginity Janet jakson boob Bdsm submissive rules and guidelines Cambodian midget fighting league squared off against african lion
Added 12th May It was formerly known as 'Shemale Yum' and in we changed the name to Grooby Girls. However, she's got some more talents that she'd like to show Mr. It All Started Here The kind of girl you can bring home to mom. A little bit later, she was one of the first models to shoot an exclusive scene for our brand new website TGirl She made her debut in to become one of the hottest Grooby models in
Sexy Destiny Williams got her chance to introduce herself in January in one of of the first episodes of our brand new "Try Out Tuesday" series. Tiffany Starr Babe T Tiffany Starr and Bi She's tall at 6'0" and has a cock that was rock hard as soon as she pulled her panties down.
Description: Added 5th May Today is Monday and Buddy Wood brings Carrie ba She strips, shows off her amazing body and her perfect ass, pulls out her hard cock and strokes it just for you! Tiffany Starr is appearing on Shemale Strokers and this sexy American Tgirl is showing us a hot milky skin body, sweet ass and a hard cock that she just loves to play with. Added 8th May
Young that she no sag on those tits. So firm that they don't even bounce. I think you need to go braless until your tits start sagging. I was happy to see your restoring your bush. Shaved pussies should be ban they make young chicks look like girls. Don't destroy God's work, he designed you with hair. One good thing is he restores will work. Don't fuck with it.
Milfy got a nice load, bigger than she probably would have gotten because she finished him off. And, you can see how delighted she is that she please her man like that.
Here's a little piece of fun. Something lighter, and I promise I won't do the whole analogy evangalizing thing (today at least).
1. Ribbon material. I get the chills just thinking about it. It's 10 times worse than nails on a chalkboard. If you dare scratch that material when I'm around, don't be surprised to find a toad on your bed.
3. People walking in, then walking out, and leaving the door open. As Swift says "I knew you were trouble when you walked in."
4. "Off" butter. This is a biggie. So big that it should almost deserve to take up a page. If you are part of my family, you will be rolling your eyes.
5. Sitting in middle seats. This is one for my friends....I actually don't mind, it's just all the little crumbs that seem to gather in abundance.
6. Wet hair. Not on other people (I actually think it can look quite beachy), just on myself. The whole wet feeling on my face is just errrrr. I either let it air dry quickly, or keep it in a towel. Is that weird?
8. Having sticky hands (from eating an apple for example) and not being able to wash them. No, I'm not a clean freak.
9. Slow WiFi. I actually do have a lot of patience. But I reckon this was too much of a first world problem not to.
There you have it, a post of random things I can't stand (to mention a few). I could have done things I love, but why not plunge into the deep end of what I don't? Haha.
relationship between a western guy and a Thai woman. As the leader in Thai dating, we successfully bring together singles from around the world. Since 2002, ThaiCupid has connected thousands of Thai singles with their matches from around the world, making us one of the most trusted Thai dating sites. Remember that Thai dating services can ilmainen armenian dating service only offer you a small number of Thai girls for introduction while Thai Romances can offer you thousands. Step 2 - Send a free message. We think we&apos;re the best online Thai dating site on the Internet). And thats one reason why we offer free membership to anyone to join and connect with our members. Join below and get started in less than two minutes: Create Account, thai dating is so super easy on our site: Step 1 - Browse online Thai ladies. Our online dating site now offers multi-language options including Thai language, making your sign-up, experience and online dating profile easy. Do check out our about us page for more details.
Importantly, each and every person that subscribes to a higher membership level enables us to feed children who are in need of nourishment and care. Start Your Success Story On ThaiCupid. With a commitment to connecting singles worldwide, we bring Thailand to you. Join 1,613,949 members at the biggest free Thai dating site! Were both passionate about connecting people who want to find their ideal soulmate in life. Clicking her photo goes to her profile where you can send her a free message and get things started! We Are Here For You, if you are a Thai lady, you can find a western guy here.
For a fun, safe and uniquely Thai dating experience, join free today). Whether youre a Farang wanting to meet a Thai woman online or you are a Thai woman seeking a loving man to fulfill your dreams, Thai Romances wants to make those dreams come true. The list of online members lets you show interest or add to favorites any Thai lady that you are interested.
Yesterday I gave a radio interview for a WHOLE HOUR IN SPANISH! Can I say it again ONE HOUR - IN SPANISH Yes my friends, I am now famous throughout the central valley Spanish speakers who were listening to Radio Bilingue yesterday at 10:00 a.m. Apparently I also know a lot about nutrition, cancer prevention and the history of work site wellness programs throughout California and the world. Or at least I acted very knowledgable as I said things like "Fruits and Vegetables contain powerful phytonutrtrients which are essential to good health." and started sentences with "In my opinion..." Anyone who knows me, knows that I love to give my opinion about anything... i.e. "My opinion is that tree frogs are overrated" So although I have to admit that the first ten minutes of my live interview were nerve-wracking and maybe not as "polished" by the end I was enjoying playing the role of knowledgable academic and caring community worker. So that is what I do at work. Today won't be as exciting. Today I will be proofing translations. Bleh!
Posted on February 17, 2006 by La Emily and filed under Nothing to Do with Anything and tagged Crapartment I'm smart.
Hi @nprmonkeysee PCHH is up there with Terry as part of our imaginary NPR posse. https://t.co/ZA4ueVjp7e
Hi @Nindoonjibaa We love @nprfreshair ! This is our creepy stalker tribute to TG and the whole team! https://t.co/QbNKmYFloR
RT @aishatyler: Here's a resolution: take care of your health. Keep or change your health plan by Dec 15 at http://t.co/9mVSc1u4Rt #GetCovered #4DaysLeft
Description: Sexy and horny blonde girlfriend is in the kitchen with her man. She starts by sucking him and goes on by fucking in doggy style. It all ends with him cuming on her.
Watch best NSFW Porn Videos with thousands of Homemade XXX Tapes and Hardcore Fuckc Clips and share them with your friends. Be aware not to watch the at yout work place, that might cause you problems!
موضوع: تفسير قوله تعالى: أَفَلا يَنْظُرُونَ إِلَى الإِبِلِ كَيْفَ خُلِقَتْ الجمعة 8 ديسمبر 2017 - 9:09
Fred Allen was an American comedian whose absurdist, topically pointed radio show (1932–1949) made him one of the most popular and forward-looking humorists in the so-called classic era of American radio.
Fred Allen's first taste of radio came while he and Portland Hoffa waited for a promised slot in a new Arthur Hammerstein musical. In the interim, they appeared on a Chicago station's program, WLS Showboat, into which, Allen recalled, "Portland and I were presented... to inject a little class into it." Their success in these appearances helped their theater reception; live audiences in the Midwest liked to see their radio favorites in person, even if Allen and Hoffa would be replaced by Bob Hope when the radio show moved to New York several months afterward.
The couple eventually got their Hammerstein show, Polly, which opened in Delaware and made the usual tour before hitting Broadway. Also in that cast was a young Englishman named Archie Leach, who received as many good notices for his romantic appeal as Allen got for his comic work. Hammerstein retooled the show before bringing it to New York, replacing everyone but two women and Allen. Leach decided to buy an old car and drive to Hollywood. "What Archie Leach didn't tell me," Allen remembered, "was that he was going to change his name to Cary Grant."
Polly never succeeded in spite of several retoolings, but Allen did go on to successful shows like The Little Show (1929–30) and Three's a Crowd (1930–31), which eventually led to his full-time entry to radio in 1932.
Allen first hosted The Linit Bath Club Revue on CBS, moving the show to NBC and becoming The Salad Bowl Revue (in a nod to new sponsor Hellmann's Mayonnaise, which was marketed by the parent company of Linit) later in the year. The show became The Sal Hepatica Revue (1933–34), The Hour of Smiles (1934–35), and finally Town Hall Tonight (1935–39) [in 1939–40, however, sponsor Bristol-Myers, which advertised Ipana toothpaste as well as Sal Hepatica during the program, altered the title to The Fred Allen Show, over his objections]. Allen's perfectionism (odd to some, considering his deft ad-libs) caused him to leap from sponsor to sponsor until Town Hall Tonight allowed him to set his chosen small-town milieu and establish himself as a bona fide radio star.
I am a professional in marketing and sales. I am proud of being called a salesman. I am a free man. I am a father and a husband.
Your email has been sent! Thank you! Please enter your name and a valid email address. Your email failed. Try again later. Please check your math and resubmit :)
Antlers will fade within the first months once you take your trophy to the taxidermist. Almost all taxidermists mount your game with the antlers in that condition. Bruce Foster Studio understands the natural process that takes place with your antlered trophy. Proper cleaning methods are used as well as antler dying and sealing prior to…
2011 was a great year! Many super bucks came through my Maryland taxidermy studio. They are all finished and delivered, as I await the 2012 season to start. Thanks to all my repeat customers as well as new ones! Fall is shaping up, and I have seen some nice bucks in the local corn and…
Copyright © 2016 Bruce C. Foster Studios All rights reserved. Website design by: A.J.Stehling Co LLC
How Bruce Springsteen’s Music Saved My Life: The Story of a Bullied Boy The impossible thing happened. My book got released. It’s an eBook called How Bruce Springsteen’s Music Saved My Life: The Story of a Bullied Boy. For 20 years I have wanted to tell my story. I’ve been an anonymous Internet user since 1995.
Bruce Springsteen Fan Who Doesn’t Like Born to Run? Few days ago someone over the Facebook said that he doesn’t like the Darkness on the Edge of Town album at all. I thought that was a pretty damn bold move! Makes me more easy to say that I don’t like Born to Run (Song, not
First Try On a “Bruce Springsteen Friday” Meme Gif My first take on making an animated Bruce Springsteen gif. Last time I have made animated gif files must have been sometime in mid 90’s. 😀 Enjoy. Right Click – > Save Image as… and you are good to go on Facebook, Twitter etc. Please
Side Tracks | Todd Weisse – Hope | A Great Lo-Fi Rock EP I should be cleaning our house for a birthday party for our son, who just turned 4 years old. I ended going to one of my favorite message boards. There was one of those “My son’s new EP. Hope you guys like
Paul Thorn – A Long Way from Tupelo Paul Thorn has an interesting backstory. Before the music career he was a professional boxer. He must have been a pretty good boxer too, as the is no boxer nose to be seen. Paul is also the son of a preacher man. Now that’s a mix you
Bruce Springsteen fan community knows me by name Zeke. Which is my nickname in many places. It was a totally random name that came when I've just pressed buttons randomly. True story!
Music is my passion. I've been a Bruce fan since the Born in the USA days. I'm trying to write this blog often as I can. Some of the blog posts are Bruce Springsteen related.
If you ask about my favorite Springsteen era. I'd have to go with the 70's. I have a huge collection of recordings from 1969-1972. For some reason those years are really interesting. If you have tapes from those years that you have never shared with anyone. Make sure you'll let me know! I'm happy to help with a transfer progress. Also interested in other never shared material too. Whenever it's studio or live recordings.
Things on my mind... cloudshapes, isolated houses, the thought - or the actual thinking itself and why playgrounds sometimes appear so unfamiliar despite having been to them hundreds of times.
With fewer seams (compared to competitor PVC panel systems,) AP's PVC wall and ceiling panels are quick to clean and stand up to regular power washing.
Using cellular PVC trim stock for an outdoor planter gives you a flower ... "The material is easy to cut, it holds up well in heat and cold, and it won't rot when...
Aug 30, 2013 ... Many building supply stores carry culverts, but you can also look online for ... You could get 15 2-foot-tall, 36-inch-wide planters for about $900.
Jan 4, 2017 ... Make DIY planter boxes with these free online plans. ... These balusters are an eco-friendly recycled composite material, similar to glue and...
May 2, 2017 ... We're focusing upon the versatility of the Hyperion composite ... As the material never requires treating or maintenance over it's life this creates...
Apr 9, 2014 ... Although you can fashion a raised bed out of other materials, they usually stick to ... Garden beds and planters have been traditionally made using one of several ... Pre-drilling is not required for simple raised bed construction.
Planters enhance the appearance and the function of a deck, making them popular .... by water than is wood, composite decking is a great material for planters.
This episode of "Game Changers" features Seth Franz, Founder & Executive Director, Volunteering Untapped.
In the year 1826 two British officers Campbell and Dr. Hooker came to Singalila area to search out the easiest excess to Tibet from India. On their tour to this region they halted for a night in old Gorkha Station at Ghoom Bhanjang. In the morning they saw the glamorous view of the full range of Kanchenjunga in wonderful colours during the time of sunrise. The climate of the place was cold much similar to that of their home town in England. The chilled climate of the area makes an impression upon them very much, so with great consideration of the two Britishers the hill station of Darjeeling was established. Building structures, road and rail network and bridges were constructed by the East India Company by the end of the 18th century where still to this day there are monuments in and around Darjeeling that have proudly and with pride stand the last ten decades. The Town Hall (also known as Capitol Hall) is on of the best example the British engineering works. Along with Capitol Hall the story of a clock which is still present at the top of this hall has its own significance.
In 1875, the original Town Hall was situated at the present Gymkhana club. The Hall used to open between 6 am to 6 pm in the evening. For a certain period of time the Darjeeling Municipality was situated at the secretariat building which is now known as the Employment Exchange. Later on it again shifted to the motor stand where the Food and Supply Office is presently situated. In the year 1879, a desire floated among all people concerning that the Darjeeling Municipality should have its own buildings. Therefore on 27th October, 1917 the foundation stone of the new Town hall (Capitol Hall) was laid by His Excellency Lord Ronaldshay on the site once occupied by the Rhododendron Villa on the Mackenzie Road, the main artery of the town. It was completed at the cost of about two lakh fifty thousand of rupees in the year 1921. For the complete construction of this Hall, the Maharaja of Coach Behar (Cooch Bihar) also contributed half amount. He contributed half the funds so that he would form a memorial to his father (Maharaja Sir Nipandra Bhup Badhur). He received help from his friends and the admirers of his late father for his efforts.
Mr. Morjan, the municipal engineer designed this building (Capitol Hall) along with the advice of Mr. Crouch, the Government Architect. The building was designed in such a way that 600 people could be easily accommodated. Rai Sahib Kharga Bahadur Chettri got the contract to construct this building, since he was a first class contractor of those days.
After the competition of the construction, the hall was declared open on 27th May, 1921 by Lord Ronaldshay. The west and south part of the buildings has the offices of the municipality and the clock stand 100 feet high. During those days ordinary people were not in the state to afford their own clock. So this clock was of great help to them as they used to watch the clock and work according to its time. In this case we can say that the clock tower was one of the landmarks in the town. While talking about this clock tower we cannot forget late Kancha Baje, one of the most prominent and the only person who used to repair this clock, after his death the clock also started loosing its glory. But somehow the clock continued to give its time but not the perfect time. Slowly with the passing of moment people also stopped to pass on the clock tower. The most unfortunate day for the people of Darjeeling was when the Darjeeling Municipality was burnt in the year 1996. Most of its parts were damaged, the town lost one part of its magnificence too as a clock tower also affected but immense thanks to the Rotary Club for their great effort in setting of this heritage clock once again.
With the tireless work of the Rotary Club, the clock stoke up again on the eve of our Independence Day in 2006.
RENAME ROHINI ROAD AS LATE. SUBASH GHISING ROAD - Requests GNLF Kurseong Central Committee Formed to Examine ST Status for Gorkhas to Visit Darjeeling and Sikkim Before Nov 15th - says Morcha
Sep 22, 2018 Comments Off on Country’s first community-based early warning system for landslides deployed in Darjeeling
Apr 27, 2018 Comments Off on Meet Aqui Thami from Darjeeling, whose travelling library is putting the spotlight on women’s books
These days Dr. P.D Bhutia is the talk of the town, accordingly he is busy participating various social activities in the plains and hills. As per the English daily, TMC is likely to choose him as their MP candidate from North Bengal for Loksabha elections in 2019. Bhaichung Bhutia was […]
Kalimpong police on Thursday attached properties of Nima Tamang, a former GTA member, Kalimpong, following a court order. Tamang who has been charged under Sections 147, 148, 149, 447, 325,326 and 307 of Indian Penal Code registered during the Gorkhaland agitation period last year, has failed to make an appearance […]
All Seasons Events Presents “SAYOG” Featuring Aastha Raut And Lahure for the very first time in Darjeeling, your contribution can save someone’s life, be there this September 22, 2018, Capital Hall Darjeeling from 2pm onwards…. Tickets available at – Lions Gate (below Chowrasta), Abba Stores (Chowrasta), Park Restaurant (near SBI), […]
SpiceJet to launch operations from Sikkim from October 4. SpiceJet’s ninth UDAN destination. They will be operating daily direct flights on Pakyong-Kolkata and Pakyong-Guwahati route 281,032 total views, 2,041 views today Comments comments
Though the Union Home Ministry had offered to initiate tripartite talks with the GJM and the West Bengal government following widespread protests in the hill district last year, there has been little progress. Last week, BJP MP from Darjeeling and Minister of State S.S. Ahluwalia told presspersons in Siliguri that […]
Sep 22, 2018 Comments Off on Farmers in Darjeeling’s tea hub are all set to offer a fresh new brew – organic coffee
Jun 15, 2017 Comments Off on Will revive Gorkhaland map, signboards, police, there is no turning back: Bimal Gurung
Mar 08, 2017 Comments Off on Sarala Khaling: Improved Cookstoves Boost Health and Forest Cover in the Himalayas
Nov 27, 2016 Comments Off on Interview: Abhishek Gurung speaks about tough competition, his band and more
May 16, 2016 Comments Off on Dr. Roopesh Ojha – A ‪‎NASA‬ Scientist by Profession, a ‪Darjeelingey‬ by Heart
Nov 10, 2016 Comments Off on LAUGH A LITTE: Donald J. Trump’s first day at the Oval Office after being elected President.
DT Archives Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (1) September 2018 (21) August 2018 (27) July 2018 (7) June 2018 (33) May 2018 (50) April 2018 (48) March 2018 (47) February 2018 (56) January 2018 (66) December 2017 (115) November 2017 (113) October 2017 (156) September 2017 (151) July 2017 (123) June 2017 (129) May 2017 (126) April 2017 (80) March 2017 (77) February 2017 (60) January 2017 (126) December 2016 (81) November 2016 (140) October 2016 (170) September 2016 (224) August 2016 (309) July 2016 (192) June 2016 (131) May 2016 (151) April 2016 (136) March 2016 (81) February 2016 (62) January 2016 (99) December 2015 (122) November 2015 (64) October 2015 (59) September 2015 (94) August 2015 (90) July 2015 (153) June 2015 (124) May 2015 (100) April 2015 (71) March 2015 (108) February 2015 (63) January 2015 (67) December 2014 (59) November 2014 (89) October 2014 (67) September 2014 (112) August 2014 (136) July 2014 (109) June 2014 (109) May 2014 (111) April 2014 (174) March 2014 (181) February 2014 (79) January 2014 (2)
‘Sister Library’, founded by the artist and activist, is going to several cities and sparking conversations around the representation of women in literature. Aqui Thami is an artist and activist from Darjeeling,...
By: Jyoti Thapa Mani [Gorkha History writer] This profile of Capt. Ram Singh Thakuri was compiled by eminent Gorkha history writer Ms. Jyoti Thapa, who meticulously curated this profile over the past 12 years, and used...
Gazette Notification on issue of Citizenship issue of Gorkhas (Published in the Gazette of India Extraordinary Part – I Section 1 dated the 23rd August 1988 ) No. 26011/6/88-ICI Government of India Ministry of...
Copyright©2006-2017, Darjeeling Today. All Rights Reserved. DarjeelingTimes.com is owned by Darjeeling Today.
Soon we will be hearing how the increases are affecting those who will have to pay more to the government. read more
Minister for Foreign Affairs and International Business Nickolas Steele will be among foreign dignitaries who will be attending the funeral service of the Venezuela decease President Hugo Chavez who was announced dead on Tuesday. This is his first out of state trip as a Government Minister. read more
CHORES offers a variety of medical specialties including but not limited to cardiology, physiotherapy, speech, and occupational therapy. The group has conducted more than 77 medical missions in Grenada to date, and have attended hundreds of citizens. read more
宪法是治国安邦的总章程，修改宪法是党和国家政治生活中的一件大事。党的十九届二中全会审议通过的《中共中央关于修改宪法部分内容的建议》，建议在将要提请十三届全国人大一次会议审议的宪法修正案中，专门增写监察委员会一节，确立监察委员会作为国家机构的法律地位。
Dining table legs three bars industrial set steel is one images from awesome 50 images etsy table legs of Baxters Homes photos gallery. This image has dimension 600x600 Pixel and File Size 126 KB, you can click the image above to see the large or full size photo. Previous photo in the gallery is industrial coffee table legs boldmfg etsy. For next photo in the gallery is handmade side table hairpin legs bridgendcreations etsy. You are viewing image #30 of 50, you can see the complete gallery at the bottom below.
Product Design II provides students opportunity to engage in a substantive design project running from the start to the end of the course (throughout the entire semester). The course aims to explore the processes and methods of problem solving and product innovation through design. Throughout the course, students are guided to use some of the approaches, processes and tools of product design and apply such skills and knowledge in the development of a design project. In doing the course draws upon design skills and knowledge obtain in related ID courses (i.e. IID30101 Product Design I, IID20601 Design Visualisation, IID23201 3D CAD, IID20201 Product Design Fundamentals, IID22101 Design History & Contexts).
Knowledge of form and aesthetic, use, usability and use context, together with consideration of technical functionality, will be applied in the design and development of a product concept aimed at improving the user experience. Appropriate visualisation techniques and a developing visual language will be core to the assessment of design outcomes. Students will have the opportunity to apply CAD skills in the development of a design concept and its expression through models/prototypes. Students are also expected to draw upon historical and contextual perspectives in defining a stylistic direction.
The aim of the Product Design II course is to focus on consolidation of core industrial design capabilities central to creative professional practice. This is achieved through project-based learning that supports the following design skills:
Learn how to generate product concepts and develop them through various tools and media (prototyping, model making, sketch and illustrations).
The course is delivered through a combination of keynote lectures, in-class exercises, project tutorials and studio-based project work. A core aspect of the course is the design project, running throughout the entire semester. Feedback and advice on work in progress is provided through formative critic and feedback sessions. These take the form of stage-post evaluations of project components (i.e. Form Board Evaluation, Scenario Board Evaluation and feedback). Tutorial and drop-in sessions are also provided as required.
Formative feedback sessions are a combination of instructor feedback and peer review. Students are expected to engage in these sessions through provision of questions and suggestions, as well as completing peer review evaluation.
Form Board | Clearly and consistently identify a contemporary stylistic direction through carefully selected product images. The Form Board is expected to provide a clear indication of product personality (i.e. through form, materials, finishes, combinations).
Use Scenario Board | Providing a clear indication of why the product is required and how it is used. Content should be produced with clarity and precision. Illustrations must primarily be used, but digitally manipulated photographs may also be employed to provide indication of context. Students are required to succinctly communicate why the product is needed and this could be integrated into a storyboard that extends user needs and contextual requirements into the sequence of use via a series of illustrations. At least one of the images should include details for core functionality and user/product interactions. The Scenario Board should have a compilation of easily assimilated information that clearly communicates the need and use of your product in a ‘designerly’ style appropriate for a design-based client presentation.
Model-making/prototyping | This project is an opportunity to engage in the tactile interaction with form (very important for student designers), although CNC machining/rapid prototyping may be employed as required. Laser cutting is also permitted where repetition of detail or a high degree of complexity is required. Whichever methods are employed, students are required to justify their approach in terms of the design project. prototypes shou;ld be produced at a high level of form/visual fadelity. You should be aiming for a model/prototype that looks like a desirable manufactured artifact i.e. it is believable. There is sufficient time allocated to enable the production of models/prototypes of a very high standard and examples of good/best practice is provided to support this.
Industrial Design | For maximum marks, design concept submissions must be appropriate to the context and application with careful attention to form, scale, colour, user interaction and function. Credit will be given for visual/form innovation where appropriate. Guidance will also be provided during tutorials and on-demand feedback sessions. It is important that students seek advice and then act as appropriate. Careful and sensitive attention to detail is essential and the generation of material for the Form Board will be the starting point for this.
This is a placeholder page for Melba Antwine, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Melba Antwine.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Melba Antwine. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Melba Antwine. We created this page automatically in hopes Melba Antwine would find it. If you are not Melba Antwine, but are an alumni of Castro Valley High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Castro Valley High School	of Castro Valley, California
front door with sidelights and screen storm doors f entry,front door with sidelights fashionable entry and storm screen,front doors image of entry door sidelight blinds with sidelights and screen storm ,cost of a front door replacement to install storm home with sidelights and screen entry ,front door with sidelights and screen replacement storm doors in st pro via entry,entry doors patio french sidelights storm door with and front screen, entry door with sidelights and storm front doors a comfortable screen,front door with sidelights and screen entry storm doors a how to install,front door with sidelights and screen entry storm doors, help storm door install with sidelights and transom windows front screen entry.
Pickle Print & Marketing specializes in high quality, full color print and custom promotional products. We are a single destination for your branding needs - from business cards, labels, flyers and brochures to an endless supply of unique items you put your logo on ... drink ware, writing instruments, bags and custom apparel. For a "customer-centric" experience, and a single team to trust, choose Pickle Print & Marketing - we're here to help!
A MT ELIZA boy was lucky not to suffer spinal injuries when he landed awkwardly after jumping from a 20-metre cliff at Moorooduc quarry, Mt Eliza, last week. Vincent Davies, 12, was swimming with fri...
A CHAMPION was recognised by thousands of well-wishers at the unveiling of boxer Johnny Famechon in Ballam Park on Sunday (21 January). The 2.5-high metre bronze sculpture was unveiled in an emotiona...
TWO men allegedly involved in a theft at Frankston on Friday 17 November are being sought by police. About 3.50pm, the men called into a Beach St store before one left with a $1400 printer without ma...
A COMMERCIAL cafe on the lower ground floor of the building partially leased by the Frankston Yacht Club is paying a minimal “peppercorn” rent to Frankston Council. Boomtown Barbecue last month moved...
AN anomaly in the way drug driver statistics are recorded mistakenly showed there were no drivers under the influence of drugs caught during a Christmas and New Year period police operation. Operatio...
FRUSTRATED neighbours of a polystyrene making factory in Seaford have vented concerns about noise and pollution that have been repeatedly investigated by authorities over the past four years. Residen...
THE top 10 books borrowed from Frankston libraries last year reveal local readers have a passion for suspense thrillers. Frankston Council revealed library members are thrill seekers when deciding to...
A GIFT declared by a Frankston councillor has caused a stink at council after council management questioned the appropriateness of the gift. Cr Steve Toms declared he received a bottle of Issey Miyak...
A PAY deal for Frankston Council staff has been agreed at the fourth time of asking. Council employees voted in late December to accept a new enterprise bargaining agreement (EBA) after council manag...
A FREE-standing ATM containing a “quantity of cash” was snatched from Frankston Village shopping centre, early morning Wednesday 17 January. Detective Sergeant Paul Mealia, of Frankston CIU, said a v...
THREE out of five board members of Peninsula Leisure have been replaced in a significant shake-up. Frankston Council confirmed that, three new “non-executive directors” have been appointed to the board. Mr Paul Faulkner, Mr Scott Nathan and Mr Rob Hi...
KINGSTON Councillors have voted to declare the municipality as a “termite prone” area. The decision, which was voted on at the 22 October council meeting, will see extra measures put in place to “increase community awareness about the risks of termit...
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 July 2013 May 2013 November 2012 September 2012
The Village has taken into consideration the many comments, thoughts and opinions expressed by the Bayside community in the past several weeks regarding the development proposal for the northwest quadrant of Brown Deer Road and Port Washington Road. The Village respects those concerns and appreciates the willingness of those of you who have engaged in this important community conversation.
In response to this input from the public, the Community Development Authority (CDA) cancelled its October 4th meeting focused on the proposed Tax Incremental District. We have asked the developer to reconsider the submission, taking into consideration comments by Village residents. No further meetings will be scheduled by the CDA until we have received the suggested response by the developer.
The CDA will continue its role, established by the Village in 2002, to maintain and promote economic development of underutilized, vacant or undervalued areas, and build upon existing businesses and provide for the needs of residents and employees. In their service to the Village, the members of the CDA continue to focus on our community's vision, to be: a dynamic balance of progressive ideas and traditional values that provides an inviting and premier community for all.
We underscore the importance of community engagement, which is why we are grateful to so many of you who have taken the time to speak up and let us know how you feel. We welcome and value your continued input.
Honestly, this is sad... what happened to all his money and cant this negro use his fame for something productive?...damn!
http://www.mrpfister.co.uk/ is now online so go check it out, over time I shall add more content and finish off the game. Yes there is even a game hiden slightly away so go explore!
Silverlight is Microsofts Cross platform, cross platform browser plugin that enables rich interactive experiences... such as my site. Its a bit like Flash but has better functionality.
It's nice. Game is easy, but it works well. there's a small bug when you click outside of the range of the area encompassed of the boxes, it translates your click to moce the middle box. I think.
I'm currently employed as a Software Engineer specializing in Embedded Solutions after finishing my Software Engineering degree at York. I was an Academic Developer Evanglist at Microsoft and a world-wide finalist in the Imagine Cup developer competition in both 2010 and 2011.
Greater than two-thirds of the hot airports lower than building at the present time are being inbuilt China. chinese language airways count on to triple their fleet dimension over the subsequent decade and may account for the fastest-growing marketplace for Boeing and Airbus. however the chinese language are made up our minds to be greater than consumers. In 2011, China introduced its 12th Five-Year Plan, which integrated the dedication to spend 1 / 4 of a thousand billion money to jump-start its aerospace undefined.
A former army Intelligence officer, Peters extends his profitable sequence on process and safety affairs that experience received him diehard enthusiasts for his perception, firsthand adventure, and frankness.
The Opera House, Ankh-Morpork... a huge, rambling building, where innocent young sopranos are lured to their destiny by a strangely-familiar evil mastermind in a hideously-deformed evening dress....
At least, he hopes so. But Granny Weatherwax, Discworld's most famous witch, is in the audience. And she doesn't hold with that sort of thing. So there's going to be trouble (but nevertheless a good evening's entertainment with murders you can really hum...)»
Аннотация к западному изданию “Carpe Jugulum”: « It is rare and splendid event when an author is elevated from the underground into the international literary establishment. In the case of England's best-known and best-loved modern satirist, that event has been long overdue.
Terry Pratchett's profoundly irreverent Discworld novels satirize and celebrate every aspect of life, modern and ancient, sacred and profane. Consistent number-one bestsellers in England, they have garnered him a secure position in the pantheon of humor along with Mark Twain, Douglas Adams, Matt Groening, and Jonathan Swift.
Even so distinguished an author as A. S. Byatt has sung his praises, calling Pratchett's intricate and delightful fictional Discworld “more complicated and satisfying than Oz”.
His latest satiric triumph, Carpe Jugulum, involves an exclusive royal snafu that leads to comic mayhem. In a fit of enlightenment democracy and ebullient goodwill, King Verence invites Uberwald's undead, the Magpyrs, into Lancre to celebrate the birth of his daughter. But once ensconced within the castle, these wine-drinking, garlic-eating, sun-loving modern vampires have no intention of leaving. Ever.
Only an uneasy alliance between a nervous young priest and the argumentative local witches can save the country from being taken over by people with a cultivated bloodlust and bad taste in silk waistcoats. For them, there's only one way to fight.
I have found a new love that i would like to share it with you guys! I always inspired by Korean's make up look. This product will help to create glow to the skin. If you love having dewy complexion, this may be the product you are looking for!
You Can Lead a Politician to Water, But You Can't Make Him Think: Ten Commandments for Texas Politics
this can be a copy of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we've endeavoured to create this model as with regards to the unique artefact as attainable. even though sometimes there's definite imperfections with those outdated texts, we think they need to be made to be had for destiny generations to enjoy.
Read Online or Download An Examination of the New System of Society: Showing Its Insufficiency to Reform Mankind. With Observations on the Operation of the Principle of Virtue in the Mand of Man PDF
This can be a copy of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we've got endeavoured to create this model as on the subject of the unique artefact as attainable. even supposing sometimes there is sure imperfections with those previous texts, we think they need to be made to be had for destiny generations to get pleasure from.
This can be a copy of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we've got endeavoured to create this model as as regards to the unique artefact as attainable. even supposing sometimes there's yes imperfections with those outdated texts, we think they need to be made on hand for destiny generations to take pleasure in.
It is a copy of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. now we have endeavoured to create this model as with regards to the unique artefact as attainable. even supposing sometimes there is sure imperfections with those outdated texts, we think they should be made on hand for destiny generations to take pleasure in.
A standpoint on How Our executive used to be outfitted and a few wanted ChangesBy: Darrel A. NashWhat can we suggest via “we the folks? ” who're the folk? Who claims authority to talk for the folk? How heavily will we take the phrases of our grand proclamations within the announcement of Independence, the preamble to the USA structure, the Gettysburg deal with, and the Pledge of Allegiance?
A Christian Directory, Or, A Body of Practical Divinity and Cases of Conscience: Christian economics, (or family duties)
Narrative of the Life and Sufferings of William B. Lighton: Containing an Interesting and Faithful Account of His Early Life
Additional resources for An Examination of the New System of Society: Showing Its Insufficiency to Reform Mankind. With Observations on the Operation of the Principle of Virtue in the Mand of Man
An Examination of the New System of Society: Showing Its Insufficiency to Reform Mankind. With Observations on the Operation of the Principle of Virtue in the Mand of Man
it is a copy of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we now have endeavoured to create this model as as regards to the unique artefact as attainable. even though sometimes there is definite imperfections with those previous texts, we think they should be made to be had for destiny generations to enjoy.
this can be a replica of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we've got endeavoured to create this model as on the subject of the unique artefact as attainable. even though sometimes there's definite imperfections with those outdated texts, we think they should be made on hand for destiny generations to enjoy.
this can be a replica of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we have now endeavoured to create this model as just about the unique artefact as attainable. even supposing sometimes there is yes imperfections with those outdated texts, we think they need to be made on hand for destiny generations to enjoy.
it is a copy of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we've endeavoured to create this model as just about the unique artefact as attainable. even if sometimes there's convinced imperfections with those previous texts, we think they need to be made on hand for destiny generations to enjoy.
this can be a replica of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we've endeavoured to create this model as on the subject of the unique artefact as attainable. even supposing sometimes there is convinced imperfections with those previous texts, we think they need to be made to be had for destiny generations to enjoy.
it is a copy of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we have now endeavoured to create this model as on the subject of the unique artefact as attainable. even if sometimes there's definite imperfections with those outdated texts, we think they should be made on hand for destiny generations to enjoy.
it is a copy of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we now have endeavoured to create this model as as regards to the unique artefact as attainable. even supposing sometimes there's convinced imperfections with those outdated texts, we think they should be made on hand for destiny generations to enjoy.
this can be a replica of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we now have endeavoured to create this model as as regards to the unique artefact as attainable. even if sometimes there's definite imperfections with those previous texts, we think they need to be made on hand for destiny generations to enjoy.
it is a copy of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we have now endeavoured to create this model as with regards to the unique artefact as attainable. even if sometimes there's definite imperfections with those outdated texts, we think they need to be made to be had for destiny generations to enjoy.
this can be a replica of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we have now endeavoured to create this model as with reference to the unique artefact as attainable. even though sometimes there's yes imperfections with those previous texts, we think they should be made to be had for destiny generations to enjoy.
This past weekend, the Judges headed to Worcester to take on a variety of opponents, ending with wins in individual races for the men and the women grasping two team victories. Despite a strong performance from Richard Selznick ’21, the men came up short, ending in losses to the host, Worcester Polytechnic Institute (163 to 116), and Babson (139.5 to 122.5).
On the women’s side, the meet ended in a split, defeating both Babson (201 to 69) and Smith (203.5 to 92.5), while falling to WPI (197 to 96) and Simmons (159.5 to 134.5). These results put the men at a 2-3 record, while the women improve to 2-5.
Selznick was a standout performer, extending his undefeated status in the distance freestyle races after the weekend and also winning the 400 individual medley (I.M.). Claiming the first place title in all three of his individual events, Selznick managed to finish seven seconds before his next competitor in the 1000 yard freestyle, by five-hundredths of a second in the 500 freestyle, and by half of a second in the 400 I.M.
In addition to the longer distances, the 200 freestyle was also well swum by the Judges, with sophomores Daniel Wohl, Marcelo Ohno-Machado and Chase Chen coming in second, third, and fourth places respectively. In the butterfly contests, Tamir Zitelny ’20 found himself in second place in the 100, while classmate Matthew Arcemont ’20 pulled off a fourth place finish in the 200.
The first-year class was also impressive, as Brendon Lu ’22 settled runner-up outcomes in both the 100 breaststroke and the 400 I.M. while Alex Wang ’22 fell into third place in the 200 breaststroke and finished fourth in the 400 I.M.
On the women’s side, there were two first place finishes from a pair of rookies, as Gazelle Umbay ’22 won the 200 butterfly by about half a second, while Claire Xu ’22 championed in the 400 I.M. by four-hundredths of a second.
In the freestyle category, it was captain Kylie Herman ’19 that took second and fifth places in the 200 and 500 respectively, and rookie Lauren Howard ’22 fell in fourth and fifth in the 100 and 50 yard events. The breaststroke races were dominated by Natalya Wozab ’20, who received third in the 200 and tied an opponent for sixth in the 100, as well as rookie Olivia Stebbins ’22, who topped sixth and fourth position finishes in the same races.
To seal their wins, the women performed well in the relays too, with a runner-up placement in the 200 medley that included Xu, Stebbins, Umbay, and Annie Huang ’21. Lastly, in the 200 freestyle relay, the Judges took both the second and third place spots, with Howard, Uajda Musaka ’21, Adriene Aponte ’20 and Herman finishing just two seconds before Audrey Kim ’21, Wozab, Sofia Chevez ’21, and Umbay.
The Judges look to extend their winning streak against their Waltham rivals from Bentley University next Friday, Nov. 16 at 6 p.m.
1. Nieh Khüeh put four questions to Wang Î, not one of which did he know (how to answer). On this Nieh Khüeh leaped up, and in great delight walked away and informed Phû-î-dze of it, who said to him, 'Do you (only) now know it? He of the line of Yü was not equal to him of the line of Thâi. He of Yü still kept in himself (the idea of) benevolence by which to constrain (the submission of) men; and he did win men, but he had not begun to proceed by what did not belong to him as a man. He of the line of Thâi would sleep tranquilly, and awake in contented simplicity. He would consider himself now (merely) as a horse, and now (merely) as an ox. His knowledge was real and untroubled by doubts; and his virtue was very true:--he had not begun to proceed by what belonged to him as a man.
2. Kien Wû went to see the mad (recluse), Khieh-yü, who said to him, 'What did Zäh-kung Shih tell you?' The reply was, 'He told me that when rulers gave forth their regulations according to their own views and enacted righteous measures, no one would venture not to obey them, and all would be transformed.' Khieh-yü said, 'That is but the hypocrisy of virtue. For the right ordering of the world it would be like trying to wade through the sea and dig through the Ho, or employing a musquito to carry a mountain on its back. And when a sage is governing, does he govern men's outward actions? He is (himself) correct, and so (his government) goes on;--this is the simple and certain way by which he secures the success of his affairs. Think of the bird which flies high, to avoid being hurt by the dart on the string of the archer, and the little mouse which makes its hole deep under Shän-khiû to avoid the danger of being smoked or dug out;-are (rulers) less knowing than these two little creatures?'
3. Thien Kän, rambling on the south of (mount) Yin, came to the neighbourhood of the Liâo-water. Happening there to meet with the man whose name is not known, he put a question to him, saying, 'I beg to ask what should be done in order to (carry on) the government of the world.' The nameless man said, 'Go away; you are a rude borderer. Why do you put to me a question for which you are unprepared? I would simply play the part of the Maker of (all) things. When wearied, I would mount on the bird of the light and empty air, proceed beyond the six cardinal points, and wander in the region of nonentity, to dwell in the wilderness of desert space. What method have you, moreover, for the government of the world that you (thus) agitate my mind?' (Thien Kän), however, again asked the question, and the nameless man said, 'Let your mind find its enjoyment in pure simplicity; blend yourself with (the primary) ether in idle indifference; allow all things to take their natural course; and admit no personal or selfish consideration:--do this and the world will be governed.'
4. Yang Dze-kü, having an interview with Lao Tan, said to him, 'Here is a man, alert and vigorous in responding to all matters, clearsighted and widely intelligent, and an unwearied student of the Tâo;--can he be compared to one of the intelligent kings?' The reply was, 'Such a man is to one of the intelligent kings but as the bustling underling of a court who toils his body and distresses his mind with his various contrivances. And moreover, it is the beauty of the skins of the tiger and leopard which makes men hunt them; the agility of the monkey, or (the sagacity of) the dog that catches the yak, which make men lead them in strings; but can one similarly endowed be compared to the intelligent kings?'
Yang dze-kü looked discomposed and said, 'I venture to ask you what the government of the intelligent kings is.' Lâo Tan replied, 'In the governing of the intelligent kings, their services overspread all under the sky, but they did not seem to consider it as proceeding from themselves; their transforming influence reached to all things, but the people did not refer it to them with hope. No one could tell the name of their agency, but they made men and things be joyful in themselves. Where they took their stand could not be fathomed, and they found their enjoyment in (the realm of) nonentity.'
5. In Käng there was a mysterious wizard called Ki-hsien. He knew all about the deaths and births of men, their preservation and ruin, their misery and happiness, and whether their lives would be long or short, foretelling the year, the month, the decade and the day like a spirit. When the people of Käng saw him, they all ran out of his way. Lieh-dze went to see him, and was fascinated by him. Returning, he told Hû-dze of his interview, and said, 'I considered your doctrine, my master, to be perfect, but I have found another which is superior to it.' Hû-dze replied, 'I have communicated to you but the outward letter of my doctrine, and have not communicated its reality and spirit; and do you think that you are in possession of it? However many hens there be, if there be not the cock among them, how should they lay (real) eggs? When you confront the world with your doctrine, you are sure to show in your countenance (all that is in your mind), and so enable (this) man to succeed in interpreting your physiognomy. Try and come to me with him, that I may show myself to him.'
On the morrow, accordingly, Lieh-dze came with the man and saw Hû-dze. When they went out, the wizard said, 'Alas! your master is a dead man. He will not live;--not for ten days more! I saw something strange about him;--I saw the ashes (of his life) all slaked with water!' When Lieh-dze reentered, he wept till the front of his jacket was wet with his tears, and told Hû-dze what the man had said. Hû-dze said, 'I showed myself to him with the forms of (vegetation beneath) the earth. There were the sprouts indeed, but without (any appearance of) growth or regularity:--he seemed to see me with the springs of my (vital) power closed up. Try and come to me with him again.'
Next day, accordingly, Lieh-dze brought the man again and saw Hû-dze. When they went out, the man said, 'It is a fortunate thing for your master that he met with me. He will get better; he has all the signs of living! I saw the balance (of the springs of life) that had been stopped (inclining in his favour).' Lieh-dze went in, and reported these words to his master, who said, 'I showed myself to him after the pattern of the earth (beneath the) sky. Neither semblance nor reality entered (into my exhibition), but the springs (of life) were issuing from beneath my feet;--he seemed to see me with the springs of vigorous action in full play. Try and come with him again.'
Next day Lieh-dze came with the man again, and again saw Hû-dze with him. When they went out, the wizard said, 'Your master is never the same. I cannot understand his physiognomy. Let him try to steady himself, and I will again view him.' Lieh-dze went in and reported this to Hû-dze, who said, 'This time I showed myself to him after the pattern of the grand harmony (of the two elemental forces), with the superiority inclining to neither. He seemed to see me with the springs of (vital) power in equal balance. Where the water wheels about from (the movements of) a dugong, there is an abyss; where it does so from the arresting (of its course), there is an abyss; where it does so, and the water keeps flowing on, there is an abyss. There are nine abysses with their several names, and I have only exhibited three of them. Try and come with him again.'
Next day they came, and they again saw Hû-dze. But before he had settled himself in his position, the wizard lost himself and ran away. 'Pursue him,' said Hû-dze, and Lieh-dze did so, but could not come up with him. He returned, and told Hû-dze, saying, 'There is an end of him; he is lost; I could not find him.' Hû-dze rejoined, 'I was showing him myself after the pattern of what was before I began to come from my author. I confronted him with pure vacancy, and an easy indifference. He did not know what I meant to represent. Now he thought it was the idea of exhausted strength, and now that of an onward flow, and therefore he ran away.
After this, Lieh-dze considered that he had not yet begun to learn (his master's doctrine). He returned to his house, and for three years did not go out. He did the cooking for his wife. He fed the pigs as if he were feeding men. He took no part or interest in occurring affairs. He put away the carving and sculpture about him, and returned to pure simplicity. Like a clod of earth he stood there in his bodily presence. Amid all distractions he was (silent) and shut up in himself. And in this way he continued to the end of his life.
6. Non-action (makes its exemplifier) the lord of all fame; non-action (serves him as) the treasury of all plans; non-action (fits him for) the burden of all offices; non-action (makes him) the lord of all wisdom. The range of his action is inexhaustible, but there is nowhere any trace of his presence. He fulfils all that he has received from Heaven, but he does not see that he was the recipient of anything. A pure vacancy (of all purpose) is what characterises him. When the perfect man employs his mind, it is a mirror. It conducts nothing and anticipates nothing; it responds to (what is before it), but does not retain it. Thus he is able to deal successfully with all things, and injures none.
7. The Ruler of the Southern Ocean was Shû, the Ruler of the Northern Ocean was Hû, and the Ruler of the Centre was Chaos. Shû and Hû were continually meeting in the land of Chaos, who treated them very well. They consulted together how they might repay his kindness, and said, 'Men all have seven orifices for the purpose of seeing, hearing, eating, and breathing, while this (poor) Ruler alone has not one. Let us try and make them for him.' Accordingly they dug one orifice in him every day; and at the end of seven days Chaos died.
Environmental losses Economic instruments of environmental protection Environmental fine Environmental fees
You will never guess what happened this weekend. I was standing out on my front porch, talking to some friends with my laptop in hand. I wanted to show them a picture I'd taken earlier that day. I walked over to my friend Dean and went to turn the computer around and I kid you not, the laptop, as if it had a life of its own, tipped and flew out of my hands down the stairs. I reached out grasping after it to no avail. It landed on the cement below. My shiny, silver Macbook Pro landed on the cement. I seriously went into shock.
My laptop. One of my favorite things in the whole world. I don't let other people use it(now, now don't judge me we all have our weird things). I don't loan it out. I take uber-excellent care of it....(except when I am throwing it around outside). I stroke it and call it precious names. We have a great relationship.
On the cement there it lay. Gahhhhhh. You know when something really bad happens and you laugh? and it feels weird to laugh, but you can't help it? There is something inside of you that snaps and you are just slightly insane for a moment so you laugh? Well, I laughed. There was the computer that I had been so careful with, scratching against the sidewalk. There was my computer that I would take with me to work, just in case someone broke into my house and wanted to steal it. (See previous post Rrrarrr about the earlier break-in.) Out of all of my possessions I didn't care about the rest, just my computer and my iPod.
I ran down the stairs, picked it up and immediately noticed that it couldn't shut. The keyboard part was bowed. I tried to turn it on and nothing happened. My heart sank. I went inside to look at my warranty/protection plan. They didn't cover accidents and abuse, like tossing it down the stairs. (I'm still baffled by that one...) And it all sunk in.
Could my life have meaning without my computer? Could I get a new one? Not for awhile. What about my blog? and email? and pictures? and facebook for crying out loud? and my music? and movies? and and and and! What would I do? Could I pry my fingers off of this possession and let it go? But all my friends that I connect with online? ahhhhhhh!
Then something interesting happened. I let it go. I got settled with all of these emotions and decided that not only could my life have meaning, but that maybe this happened for a reason. Maybe my life was now going to be better from letting go. I could connect more outside of the internet. I could paint more. Play my guitar more. Maybe even go out more. I could check my email elsewhere. etc. etc. It would all be fine. and it would be good for me to let go of this attachment to my computer.
I walked into the other room where I had put my computer, and pushed the on button again. AND IT WORKED. It worked. Everything worked. The screen was fine. The connections were fine. It just didn't close quite all of the way...
Can you believe that? I had the perfect chance to face all of my fears etc. about losing my computer without actually losing it. How cool is that?
So now I leave it at home instead of taking it to work with me. I let people use it if they want to. I am not so concerned. It's nice to let go.
hahahahhahah i seriously laughed out loud at that wendy(the conversation between you and God)! Thank you for making my night! Im glad it still works!
Covington, US. The Days Inn Covington is located just east of downtown Atlanta on I-20. We are just minutes from the Historic Downtown Covington where the popular s...>>
Covington, US. Welcome to the Super 8 of Covington, GA. Located 34 miles East of Atlanta - Covington is the home of the Oxford College campus of Emory University an...>>
Covington, US. Stay Smart at the Holiday Inn Expressi?? Covington Whether you are looking for hotels near Athens, Atlanta or Augusta, the Holiday Inn Expressi?? Covi...>>
Covington, US. Conveniently located near the Industrial part of Covington/ the Americas Best Value Inn is a charming two story facility that offers 53 spacious guest...>>
Covington, US. Situated majestically six stories in the sky the Hampton Inn Covington GA welcomes both business and leisure guests to our lovely city. Located next...>>
Covington, US. Located just off I-20, the Quality Inn offers easy access to and from the Interstate. Free deluxe continental breakfast, Free High-speed wi-fi interne...>>
Covington, US. Welcome to the Baymont Inn and Suites in Covington. We are conveniently located right off of Interstate I-20 and 35 miles east of Atlanta Downtown. ...>>
The highly new anticipated release from N.O. native Curren$y “New Jet City.” Features include Wiz Khalifa, Trinidad James, Styles P, Jadakiss, French Montana & more! I love that jam Three 60 with Juicy J.
"After four years of professional experience in Investment Banking I felt the need to improve my financial skills in order to continue developing my career."
• There are 722 posts (and many more cartoons!) in this site. Explore them with 7131 keywords / tags!
John started his apprenticeship in Mississauga, Ontario at the Chimo Hotel and received his red seal after three years. He then went to work with Mark McEwan at the famous North 44, and then to Oliver & Bonacini with Anthony Walsh and Todd Clarmo. It was there he learned what Canadian food was really about and how to work effectively in a high paced, high demand kitchen. John moved to BC in 2002 and eventually landed a job as Chef at the world famous Wickaninnish Inn in Tofino.
John believes that cooking is one of the few crafts where one learns from an experienced teacher in an old oral tradition; whereby the student can only be as good as the teacher. He feels fortunate to have worked with some great Chefs and is thrilled to pass these experiences and techniques to Cooks at the Marina Restaurant.
John’s style is very rustic with a special emphasis on what is being cooked. A lot of time and thought go in to ensure the flavours all make sense on the plate. He also loves to use things that have long ago been forgotten, like traditional canning techniques and making his own pickles, relishes, and chutneys. He also loves having the opportunity to use locally sourced fish that is Ocean Wise certified.
In his spare time John spends a great deal of time in his garden tending his vegetables, apple and cherry trees, and scheming how to grow new things each year. He says spring is one of his favourite seasons because “it’s full of new possibilities as you watch the earth come alive from its winter slumber.” “Nature seems magical in this regard… It always manages to surprise me when the first shallots burst through the soil.”
Auditions for "The 39 Steps" and "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead" | University of Wisconsin-Marinette
Theatre on the Bay will be holding auditions for "The 39 Steps" by Patrick Barlow and "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead" by Tom Stoppard on January 30 and 31, 6:30 - 9 pm. Auditions will be held by appointment at UW-Marinette in Room T-133 in the Fine Arts building. For both shows, actors should be able to move well, memorize lines, and have evening and some weekend availability for rehearsals.
"The 39 Steps" will be directed by John Thornberry. The play is a comedic spoof of Alfred Hitchcock films with actors playing multiple roles. Rehearsals will take place from approximately February 12 through April 12. Performances will be April 13-15 and 20-22. Roles are available for one woman and two men (age range is flexible). One role is precast in this show.
"Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead" will be directed by Patrick Mines. The play is a comedy in which two minor characters from William Shakespeare’s tragedy Hamlet assume the main roles. Casting is very flexible in terms of age and gender (some roles played by men may be played by women in this production depending on the casting pool). Performances will be April 27-29.
Callbacks will be held on February 1, 7 - 9 pm in the Theatre. Actors who are called back for a second audition will be notified via email late on January 31 after the initial round of auditions.
Please email TOB artistic director rebecca.stonethornbe@uwc.edu (preferred) or call 715-735-4300 ext. 4314 for an audition appointment or further information. Indicate your date and time preference, which will be accommodated on a first-come basis. You do not have to be a UW student, nor do you need to have prior experience with theatre or acting. (UW students may receive course credit for acting in or providing technical or management assistance on the production by registering for CTA 131-001, 002, or 003).
Those auditioning should be prepared to read from pieces provided at the audition. Many roles are available for women and men of all ages. Character breakdowns for both plays are available on the Theatre on the Bay Facebook group page as well as on the UW-Marinette website (marinette.uwc.edu/theatre).
Please come at least 10 minutes prior to your audition slot and be prepared to list rehearsal conflicts. Scripts for both shows are available on two-hour reserve in the UW-Marinette library. You may audition for either or both shows. There is no fee to audition for or to perform in Theatre on the Bay shows. Theatre on the Bay fully supports color-, age- and gender-blind casting wherever it is possible and when our directors feel that such casting will benefit our productions. We welcome artists of any age, race, ethnicity, orientation or gender to apply to work with us, be it onstage, backstage or front of house.
Please send us your inquiries or comments by email, phone number, or mail. Or use our online feedback form provided below
Convergència sees the 26-J Spanish Elections as a new opportunity to explain our commitment to defend Catalonia with facts, here and in Madrid. Our trajectory supports us. Convergència has acted as a cross party, beyond confined ideologies, with the vocation of moving forward the country as a whole. Therefore, the national subject has always been strongly attached to economic and social progress, two sides of the same coin.
On the 26th of June, Spain will be confronted with a trilemma. On the one hand, the old traditional centre-right and centre-left parties will offer the same failed recopies of the past to tackle unemployment, improve education and move forward on institutional reform, the three main challenges the country faces. In many ways the lack of reform ambition of these parties responds to a more profound problem: they strongly benefit - through rents, political appointments and relations with business - from a decaying establishment.
Dialogue, agreement and change. This is the recipe with which we the socialists face the new general elections on 26th June and the future of Catalonia and Spain.
This is not about exchanging one flag for another, but improving the living conditions of Catalonia’s citizens
Once again, we are at the gates of new Spanish elections and we are heading towards them due to the incapability of the political parties in the Spanish State to reach an agreement. Indeed, the ability of reaching agreements is not in the Spanish parties’ DNA and this has been proved every time it has been put to the test. Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya (ERC) is facing these elections with calm, as we know we have kept our promises. Besides,we feel also certain that, for the first time ever, everything depends on us.
When first-grader Freddy decides to try out for peewee hockey, his archenemy and school bully Max decides to also try out for the one slot left on the team.
Don't Sit on My Lunch Ready Freddy Series, Book 4, Don't sit on my lunch! / by Abby Klein ; illustrated by John McKinley, Don't sit on my lunch! [electronic resource] Klein, Abby.
Machine Technology is an 18-month (six-term) program designed to give the student a thorough working knowledge of the machinist trade. The first four terms include a study of the five basic machine tools in both theory and shop applications. The final two terms focus on the technological aspects of computer controlled machines. The program also includes supplemental courses in mathematics, blueprint reading, computer-aided drafting, geometric tolerancing and communication skills. Students will use skills and training from manual machines, as well as new programming techniques, to program and set up tooling systems on the CNC lathe and mill. A CMM(Coordinate Measuring Machine) is utilized in conjunction with the CNC vertical mill. Job opportunities exist for machinists, CNC programmers, quality control technicians and tool and die makers.
The program is accredited through the National Institute for Metalworking Skills (NIMS) providing students the opportunity to achieve the following NIMS certifications:
To enroll, complete an application and attend any required academic orientation and information session. This program may be entered at the beginning of any term. Students meeting all program and graduation requirements receive an Associate of Applied Science degree. Students who complete the first four terms of this program, minus the scientific systems course, receive a diploma in Machine Operations.
The Victorian Railways NA class Locomotive Profile looks at VR Narrow Gauge operations in the Dandenongs.
In this work we present a search for (solar) chameleons with the CERN Axion Solar Telescope (CAST). This novel experimental technique, in the field of dark energy research, exploits both the chameleon coupling to matter (βm) and to photons (βγ) via the Primakoff effect. By reducing the X-ray detection energy threshold used for axions from 1 keV to 400 eV CAST became sensitive to the converted solar chameleon spectrum which peaks around 600 eV. Even though we have not observed any excess above background, we can provide a 95% C.L. limit for the coupling strength of chameleons to photons of βγ≲1011 for 1<βm<106.
Most of us can relate to feeling anxious before speaking in front of a group or being depressed due to a stressful situation in our lives, but did you know that the food we eat can help decrease or increase anxiety and depression?
This entry was posted in General Articles, Health Concerns, Healthy Foods, Nutritious Meals, Oils and Fats, Super Foods, Vitamins/Minerals and tagged depression, fermented foods, foods to diminish anxiety, Foods to diminish anxiety and depression, how to change food habits, Mediterranean diet, Omega 3, omega 3s on November 10, 2015 by jjp1428@gmail.com.
Specially designed for the modern day busy women in mind, the Triple Energizing Therapy is a complete healing experience that combines 3 unique therapeutic treatments to refresh, revitalize and re-energize you in the preparation for the next day. The unique combination of acupressure point massage, back and shoulder rubbing and kneading techniques, and Ruo Shi foot massage helps to relax your body and mind, and enhances the natural functioning of organs in your body.
Choose one of several different optimized templates to display your signup form to your site visitors. Show your capture form based on your user’s behavior, traffic source, language, location, and more. You can even send signups to different lists in your Mad Mimi account, based on different triggers and rules that you set up.
Publish the capture form on your site with no coding. Add your text and images, and customize your look using Gleam's visual interface. Then, publish in one step with one tiny line of JavaScript.
Sign up with a free account to test-drive all the competition settings, before you commit to a paid plan.
Mimi is a babe. We love her. She keeps it light and fast but gets it done... and her team always (always) has our back.
Mad Mimi is insanely invaluable! I can't do business without it, and I recommend the Pro account to every entrepreneur I know.
In order to give you the best experience, our website utilizes cookies and other tracking technology.
Buffalo Niagara Convention Center Management Corporation is public authority of type Local - LDC in the city of BUFFALO. The address is One Convention Center Plaza, Buffalo, NY 14202. The website is http://www.buffaloconvention.com.
Having just read an elderly book on photography while waiting in the hospital for my wife to have her MRI scan and having spent decades buying, selling and using lenses as well as browbeating with measurebators, I thought I'd wade into the fray. It is therefore my intention to write an article on lenses and how to select them.
I'll probably publish it on my website first as part of a general information section I'm going to put together. Maybe even send it to a photo magazine and earn some cash.
There are many magazines but few people actually get paid. However you may already have an in with an editor with funds. If it gives you pleasure, then it's a great idea!
Our purpose is getting to an impressive photograph. So we encourage browsing and then feedback. Consider a link to your galleries annotated, C&C welcomed. Images posted within OPF are assumed to be for Comment & Critique, unless otherwise designated.
Few people get paid? Good Heavens, every time I have had an article published they've paid me - even if it wasn't a lot. Last time I wrote a letter designed to stir the readership and they published it as an article and paid me. Sometimes I've put my heart and soul into an article and they haven't published and then I've looked at it a year or so later and realised why.
On the other hand, articles could have followed photos in newspapers with newspapers paying ever less then not at all, which is where agents come in very useful.
Many people make lens selection much more complicated than it need be. This article is designed to help the reader to select a lens best suited to the reader's needs.
One of the first resources people turn to when looking for lenses is reviews. These might be on a web site or in a book or magazine. The problem here is that this is not the best way to do so for reviewers review lenses based on the easy things. The easy things are the chromatic aberration and line definition. These are generally the two things people see and thus is all that is usually considered when purchasing a lens. This can provoke some ludicrous debates about the measure of one lens against another which usually gets quite irate with one party supporting one lens at the expense of another when the truth of the matter is that most if not all lenses will perform adequately within their design parameters. The debate raging about the quality of lens X versus Y is usually nothing to do with the lenses but rather the photographers' lack of skill with or choice of that particular lens.
On the market there are many different kinds of lens designed for many different purposes. Generally they can be broken down into the following categories. Of course there will be lenses that fall outside these categories and which cross several categories.
Add to that lens lineup the fact that although most SLR lenses will fit on both 35mm and digital SLRs, some are designed solely for digital SLRs and the fact that many digital SLRs at the time of writing were designed with so-called crop factors. A crop factor is when the image sensor is smaller than the 35mm frame the lens was designed to be used with. This gives an effective multiplier. Thus a 28-80 lens on a 35mm body will seem like a 42-120 lens on a 1.5 crop body or like a 56-160 lens on a 2.0 crop body.
Note that not all lenses are zooms. Lenses of a fixed focal length are called prime lenses. They differ from zooms in several important ways.
1. Zoom lenses are handy all-in one designs that do as many things as possible in one package. They're very popular because of this but suffer from the drawback of being either heavy or having a variable maximum aperture.
3. Prime lenses don't suffer from optical distortion at either end of the range unlike many zooms as they have only one focal length and are optimized for that length.
Of these, some are features of specific lenses but aren't usually the main problem. The main problem is the user and their ability to use a specific lens. Focusing speed is generally quite fast with auto focus cameras. For those that used manual focus cameras in the pre-auto focus era, the complaints about focusing are cause for a certain amount of hilarity. Before auto focus the two main methods of focusing were via a rangefinder or via a viewfinder focusing aid. Both methods needed the photographer to turn the focusing collar on the lens while observing whether the focusing aid indicated correct focus. In low light or in other situations when the focusing aid could not be used, the distance scale on the lens was used. The time taken to focus manually could vary from seconds to minutes dependent upon the circumstances and camera used. It is understandable therefore that the half second or so that most lenses take to focus is a considerable advance. Consequently complaints about slow focusing are generally met with derision from old hands. Most electronic focusing is faster than manual focusing.
Focusing accuracy is an area in which auto focus cameras can appear to let the casual photographer down unless the photographer is prepared to invest time in learning how to achieve correct focus using an automatic aid. Each camera body and each camera lens has its own unique features and the photographer has to learn how to get the best out of each and each combination. Sometimes, this is not possible however. For example, one photographer found that one lens would not focus on one body in certain light levels, throwing an error on the camera body. The solution there was to use the lens/body combination in light levels that didn't throw the error. Of course, that was a somewhat unpalatable limitation and hence that photographer did what most people would, sold the offending lens and bought a different model of lens. The same photographer carried out an experiment, placing a camera on a tripod and aiming the lens at a static subject. Each time that lens was focused, focus would fall at a slightly different point. Taking photographs with that lens wide open was therefore not a good option when the subject was very close. The photographer noted that and chose to use f4 rather than f2.8 when the lens was used for very close subjects. Similarly, many people complained about one specific kit lens that came with a camera body. While the lens was most definitely an economy model, it was perfectly possible to take sharp photos if the inaccuracies were taken into account by using a smaller aperture. No lens that doesn't cost several weeks wages is going to be free of foibles. Often focusing accuracy can be affected by the way focus is achieved. Some cameras need two activations of the focusing button to achieve accuracy. Others of the same model may need only one activation.
One of the major areas of focusing inaccuracy is not a fault of the camera or the lens nor is it a particular foible of a particular lens/body combination. Rather, it is the fault of the photographer. If the subject is not in the center of the frame and the photographer uses a common trick which is to lock focus on the subject then move the frame around the subject to recompose then the photographer falls foul of a little known problem. By moving the frame the center of the frame where focus is accurate has moved also. Focus might be a little in front or behind the subject. It's all to do with the angle of the lens. As it moves up or down, the center and the edge do not occupy precisely the same space. Thus the focus point changes slightly and at wide apertures and close distances this will mean the resultant photograph can be out of focus. Even the center point where focus was achieved will be out of focus as it's now not on the point on which it was focused.
Flare is an issue over which which the photographer has total control. It is caused by light striking the front element or filter obliquely and reflecting inside the lens. It can usually be avoided by adjusting the angle of the lens or by using a lens hood or a combination of both. Even the photographer's hat or hand held up to block the light from striking the lens obliquely can stop flare. Sometimes flare cannot be seen through the viewfinder such as when taking a long time exposure of Christmas lights or the like. There, light might reflect off the front element of the lens, onto the back of the filter and back onto the digital sensor/film. The answer there is to remove filters and to use a lens hood. Sometimes flare still happens in which case often reducing exposure time can help however, it is important to remember that if the photographer can see flare in the viewfinder, that flare will be on the photograph.
Chromatic aberration is normally a problem that simply vanishes when a lens is stopped down by a stop or so. It is caused by the properties of the transmission of light through glass. Glass acts as a prism, splitting up the rays of light into their component colors. Hence blue, red and green (the primary colors of light) will all focus in a slightly different place. On many older manual focus lenses this scale was marked. Often there was a red dot that indicated where to focus if one used infra-red film. The technique was to focus for the visible spectrum then to turn that focus point toward the red dot to achieve correct infra-red focus. Using different types of glass in lens construction and combining the different types, manufacturers have achieved almost perfect alignment of the three primary colors of light. Sometimes this near perfection isn't perfect enough and chromatic aberration occurs. This is commonly seen as a blue tinge around tree branches or as a red or white line above the horizon after sunset. Eliminating this is a simple matter of stopping the lens down. This concentrates the light beams a little more, increasing the depth of focus thus achieving that perfect focus.
Distortion is a property of all zoom lenses. There is no zoom lens that does not distort. At the wide end zoom lenses suffer mostly from barrel distortion and at the long end they suffer from pincushion distortion. Often wide angle prime lenses will suffer from distortion also. Many years ago, a group of thinking photographers got together and came up with a simple formula, having seen how zoom lenses distorted. That formula was 2.8 times magnification. If a zoom lens has more than 2.8 times magnification then it will normally suffer from a certain amount of distortion at each end. There is no escape from this and even super zooms with gigantic lens elements will suffer from this distortion. Some lenses such as fish eye lenses have distortion as a built-in feature that is sometimes sought after. Distortion does not mean, however, that a lens is bad. To those that debate lenses based solely upon reviews and line definition, it is the ultimate condemnation of a lens. This view is not shared by real photographers. If straight lines are needed in a photograph then the correct lens must be used. This will usually be a prime and very often a tilt-shift prime. Zoom lenses are not designed for taking photographs of architecture and straight lines. Take a photograph of a brick wall and the curvature of the lens will be evident. This is why critical photography should be undertaken with the correct equipment. A wedding photographer has no use for a tilt-shift architecture lens and an architecture photographer has no use for a fish eye lens. Similarly, zoom lenses will perform poorly for architecture. Each lens has its own specialized types of use. There is no such thing as a one-size-fits-all lens, no matter what the manufacturers (who are in the business of selling lenses, not truth) tell the public. Most sports photographers use prime lenses because they're lighter and faster than zoom lenses. Certainly fast powerful zooms are available but at a weight penalty making them slower to use. Zoom lenses are jacks-of-all-trades which do all things reasonably well but nothing brilliantly.
Low light focusing accuracy can appear to be a problem. There are many ways around this though. In the old days when manual focus was all that photographers had, if the viewfinder or visual focusing aid in the viewfinder was too dark to use, photographers simply used a flashlight to illuminate the subject or used the focusing indication on the lens body while estimating the distance to the subject. In today's world where the expectation is that technology will do everything, it is not reasonable to expect that technology does not have limits. This is one of the limitation areas hence many manufacturers include a focus illuminator on their cameras or if not on the camera, on the flash. Again, this is an area where many photographers just lack the skills needed. It is not a fault with the equipment. It is a lack of skill by the operator.
Selecting the right lens for the job can be fraught for many photographers. Many will fall foul of the false promises of the zoom lens. It is not reasonable to say that zoom lenses are all bad for all things but it is equally not reasonable to say they will do everything. For the press photographer working for a newspaper, the emphasis is on getting an image and not on getting an image that could hang in an art gallery. The photographer who's going to be running around all day is going to be more concerned with weight and versatility than with high quality. The emphasis there is on news and news is only news while it's new. Speed and portability are of the essence and while the press photographer might well have a wide range of lenses, the normal lens used will be something in the range (in 35mm terms) of 28-135. That lens is wide enough for most groups and long enough for portraits. Occasionally the press photographer may use something longer like a 100-300 for sports. The press photographer does not need high quality images as the print quality in most magazines and newspapers is quite low and the images printed are usually quite small. Together with the casual photographer, the press photographer will find a zoom lens to be almost ideal. The casual photographer frequently has only a small lens budget and thus goes for zoom lenses. The photographer on holiday wanting free hands will probably benefit also from a zoom as it means not having to stop to change lenses as well as not having to carry a camera bag.
Zooms can be a false promise - as mentioned before, they exhibit distortion at both ends. They also weigh more than primes. One photographer used solely primes after finding that the zooms owned were used normally in 3 positions - wide, middle and long and very rarely in-between. Sometimes a zoom can weigh more than the two or three primes it replaces. For the photographer with the usual range of 28mm - 80mm and 70mm - 200mm zooms, these could be replaced by 28mm, 50mm, 90mm, 135mm and 200mm primes. Even then the primes are so closely spaced that the 90mm and 135mm could be replaced by a 100mm. Zooms offer solely one advantage - portability.
Economy lenses can be a good buy for those interested solely in tripod-based work as such photographers are unlikely to need to use wide apertures. Even the humble kit lens complained about by so many will perform just as well as an expensive premium lens given that smaller apertures can be used due to the static photography. Many landscape photographers purchase inexpensive lenses on the basis that landscape photographs are all about maximizing depth of field.
Portrait photographers will be interested mainly in prime lenses also - normally with 35mm a lens of the range 50mm - 135mm is used for portraits. Of special interest also will be the soft focus prime lenses as these can add a hint of romance to many photographs as well as eliminating unattractive skin problems. Filters such as soft focus filters can be used to simulate soft-focus lenses and it can be simulated in software also. The effect is never quite as good as when using a real soft focus lens but it is possible to get close to the effect. Henri Cartier Bresson borrowed a ladies nylon stocking which was stretched over the camera lens to create the soft focus effect for one romantic photograph.
While getting the right lens for the job aids to perfection, it's not essential. It is possible to take quite presentable photographs using humble equipment. One of the most famous photographs of the 20th century - that of President Kennedy being assassinated was taken with a Polaroid instant picture camera. One of the most newsworthy pictures of the 1990s in Britain was taken with a disposable camera.
The one rule to remember about photography is there are no rules. All the rules have been broken in the name of art and have been broken very sucesfully. The trick is in remembering that not every rule can be broken to produce a wonderful photograph. The limitations of the equipment are paramount.
I plan to review your oeuvre overall as soon as I can. In the meantime, I just noted one passage on which I feel I need to comment now.
A crop factor is when the image sensor is smaller than the 35mm frame the lens was designed to be used with. This gives an effective multiplier. Thus a 28-80 lens on a 35mm body will seem like a 42-120 lens on a 1.5 crop body or like a 56-160 lens on a 2.0 crop body.
It is a misconception that the matter of "effective focal length multiplication" is the result of the use of a lens on a camera with a smaller format size than the camera for which the lens might have been originally designed (e.g., a full-frame 35-mm camera). A related misconception is that the focal length of a lens is stated in a way that is predicated on the use of the lens on a camera with a specific format size.
In fact, the matter of "effective focal length multiplication" is wholly the result of the format size of the camera of interest being smaller than the format size for the genre of camera that we have (for various reasons, within a certain sphere of photography) adopted as our "reference configuration" for relating field of view to focal length.
For example, a Canon EF-S 60 mm f/2.8 macro lens, used on a Canon EOS-40D (with a so-called "1.6x" size format) will give the same field of view on that camera that a 96 mm lens would give on a "full-frame 35-mm" camera - that is, we say that on the EOS-40D that lens has a "full-frame 35-mm equivalent focal length" of 96 mm. (We may of course use a condensed version of that statement!)
This is true even though that lens was certainly not designed to work on a full-frame 35-mm camera, won't work properly on one, and won't even fit on many of them.
I suspect you know all this, and probably just got "sucked into" repeating a common, but incorrect, description of this matter.
By the way, I never use the term "crop" in discussing this matter. It is wholly inappropriate, and misleading. But that's a story for another time.
I'm trying to keep my article platform independent so that it will age well. I'm currently reading and referring to a 1965 book by Fellenger. It's good - for its day - and I'm trying to eliminate the elementary errors he makes in his writing.
Well, now that I've got most of today's other rat-killing done, let me expand on my comment on the word "crop" used in various ways in connection with the implications of a sensor that is smaller than some other sensor.
Sometimes, the term is use in the sense that we can think of the smaller sensor as being a "cut down" (or "cropped") version of the larger sensor. That's a pretty benign metaphor - but not one that really well fits the traditional photographic implications of "cropping".
More often, the metaphor is that the smaller sensor, by virtue of its limited dimensions, "crops" some larger image (in particular, in this "sphere", an image 24 x 36 mm in size) to form a smaller image (22.5 x 15 mm in the case of an EOS 40D) - it crops it to 1/1.6 times its original linear dimensions (and thus the camera is said to have a "crop factor" of 1.6).
But what is that image that is cropped ? Does the lens on the 40D generate a 24 x 36 mm image, of which the 22.5 x 15 mm sensor "crops" out a portion 22.5 x 15 mm in size?
And on a "full-frame 35-mm camera", said to be "non-crop", its 36 x 24 mm sensor crops a 36 x 24 mm portion out of the large circular image generated by the EF lens!
So, in the metaphor, what is the 36 x 24 mm image that is cropped by the sensor of the 40D to 22.5 x 15 mm? Well, the image captured by the sensor of some full-frame 35-mm camera, some place, some time.
It is as if I said that my 36 x 50 inch coffee is cropped out of a 60 x 76 inch coffee table in Vladimir Putin's office.
So I discourage the use of terms and phrases involving the term "crop" and its derivatives in connection with sensor smaller than 36 x 24 mm.
So, what terms can we use (especially if we are anxious to continue the use of the familiar numerical constants, such as "1.6" for the Canon EOS 40D and its siblings)?
Well, note that, although some decry it, the concept of "full-frame 35-mm equivalent focal length" is perfectly valid. Of course, that is not a focal length of the lens (on any camera). The word "equivalent" warns us of that.
And what is the use we mostly make of the constant 1.6 in connection with, say, an EOS 40D? We, about the only thing we do with it is to multiply the focal length of a lens, one we plan to use on a 40D, by 1.6 to get the "full-frame 35-mm equivalent focal length" of the lens when used on a 40D.
My general, policy is, "when all else fails, call it what it is". Thus, perhaps the best name for the factor 1.6 (which characterizes sensors whose size is about 22.5 x 15 mm) is "full-frame 35-mm equivalent focal length factor. But if we are operating in the sphere where the full-frame 35-mm camera is the "reference" (the sphere inhabited by cameras that are parts of families originally mostly using the full-frame 35-mm format), we can safely condense that to "equivalent focal length factor". Don't shrink from it - it is the name that describes the most prominent use of that constant.
Now, while I have my red pencil out, let me talk about "full frame". A format size we often make refernce to is one properly described as "full-frame 35-mm". What does full frame mean there? It distinguishes this format from the "half-frame 35-mm" format (24 x 18 mm), used on some cameras using 35 mm (type 135) film.
Now, what's a good "shorter name" for the term "full-frame 35-mm". Well, very few 35-mm cameras used the "half frame" format, and it is by definition an "alternative" format (the "half" is the clue). So if we speak of just the "35-mm" format, it is reasonable that we mean 36 x 24 mm. So that would be a good short name.
But unfortunately, many have gotten it the habit of using the short form "full frame" for the 36 x 24 mm format. That's greatly ambiguous. For my 8x10 cameras,. I have backs that operate in both the "full frame" and "half frame" formats (and full frame is 8 x 10 inches!). And for my APS film camera, the "full frame" output is 30.2 x 16.7 mm (also called "APS-H").
Another problem with the term "full frame" is that it sounds like the ne plus ultra of digital formats: if we have that, there is nothing bigger we could have, or even want . If we suddenly ended up with a camera with a 40 x 30 mm format, it is larger than "full frame". Wow, isn't that special.
I of course use "full frame" to mean "not cropped " (and I don't mean in the sense of "cropped" I decry above). That is, if I post an image that is the entire image captured by my camera, when giving the technical information for the shot, I will say it is "full frame".
I suppose I could clarify but given that most people think of an APS-C sensor as being a cropped 35mm sensor, it might tend to confuse the uninitiated if I suddenly start talking about APS-C.
Yes, I discourage all that as well. For one thing, neither APS-C nor APS-H formats (the latter actually being "APS full-frame") are really very close to the digital camera format sizes they are used to "designate".
And of course "APS" by itself must imply full-frame APS (but that's also APS-H), and it is a particularly bad moniker for formats in the general range of 22.5 x 15 mm (but ther are still sometimes called just "APS"-size).
So it's much better to reserve "APS" for when we are talking about APS film, or cameras, or formats, or the Albuquerque Public Schools system.
Carla has a really nice APS camera with an LCD display screen (for post-shot review). Its sensor is "APS size".
I don't really think I need to talk a lot about the sub 35mm sensors on dSLRs because I expect my article to outlive the smaller sensors. I imagine the four thirds systems will continue for a while but I expect poorer image quality will lead to them being dropped. Similarly I see a great move away from smaller dSLR sensors toward the 35mm sensors with most dSLR users if not actually changing over, at least thinking they'd like to.
>Chromatic aberration is normally a problem that simply vanishes when a lens is stopped down by a stop or so<
This isn't my experience since using a DSLR, especially since using wides at FF. As there aren't really good software-based solutions for that problem, I had to replace all lenses having noticable CA.
>Many landscape photographers purchase inexpensive lenses on the basis that landscape photographs are all about maximizing depth of field.<
hm, not sure, quite many landscapers look for detail in the trees, grass, rocks, etc; this is demanding on the often used wide lenses lots of contrast, microdetail and resolution power. A inexpensive lens would'nt get that.
It's a work in progress. I'm currently up to 3,100 words and aiming for 10,000 for this particular article.
My plan is to do the same on other topics and eventually to come out with a fairly authoritative tome. Even if I have to publish it myself and to sell it as an e-book, it seems a good idea.
Posting images or text grants license to OPF, yet © of such remain with its creator. Still, all assembled discussion © 2006-2017 Asher Kelman (all rights reserved) Posts with new theme or unusual image might be moved/copied to a new thread!
Аннотация к западному изданию: «When Karen Stark becomes pregnant, she and Barney are overjoyed. They've wanted a baby for so long. After an industrial accident, Barney unknowingly spreads radioactive dust into his neighborhood, into his home, and onto his wife's body. As frightened friends and neighbors become enemies, the dream of becoming parents turns into a nightmare...»
An account of conservation and preservation work in connection with Design Archives' projects written by Sirpa Kutilainen. She joined the Design Archives in 2002 and works as the Design Archives’ Preservation and Digital Resources Coordinator, undertaking collection care, preservation, digitisation and conservation duties. These responsibilities include preparing materials for exhibitions and loans for clients and partners such as The Photographers Gallery, The National Theatre, Margaret Howell, Hayward Gallery, Pallant House Gallery, Tate, Whitechapel Art Gallery, The Jewish Museum and The Fashion and Textiles Museum. Her passion and research interests lie in paper conservation, preservation issues and museology.
Within our collections, we have various books that are part of the archives we hold. Most notably FHK Henrion‘s library from his studio, which includes books in several languages on a variety of different subjects. Obviously books present a whole different conservation and preservation challenge, so…
… back in August this year I applied for a Continuing Professional Development grant from a funding pot held by the Anna Plowden Trust / Clothworkers’ Foundation for awards towards CPD for Conservation Professionals. In September I received an email with a decision that my application had been successful, and that the organisations would help with the cost of attending a ‘Book Conservation Skills for Paper Conservators’ workshop held in the National Library of Scotland in Edinburgh on the 14th and 15th November. In addition to this grant, I was also supported by the Design Archives to attend the workshop – so off I went to bonnie Scotland last week to learn!
First I must confess I arrived at this workshop with next to no knowledge of book conservation processes. I have a basic understanding of bookbinding techniques and some idea about the different types of bindings out there, but have never attempted or discussed book conservation in any shape or form. To be completely honest with you, the thought of it has always utterly terrified me as I have always felt there were simply too many things to consider when it came to the treatment/conservation/preservation of books.
We were a group of 10 eager people from various institutions from all ends of the country with varying professional backgrounds, including a Masters student from Cardiff University and a lady who came all the way from Kuwait to attend the workshop. The course was led by freelance Book Conservator Caroline Scharfenberg ACR.
We began by Caroline running us through a condensed history of bookbinding, giving us a general idea of the timeline for different types of bindings and materials, as well as the vocabulary used by binders and adopted by conservators. We went through the different types of damage you might come across including physical, biological, chemical and mechnical. We also talked about the different tools, materials, techniques, handling and appropriate ethical considerations to think about prior to any ‘action’.
We were given a selection of books from the National Library of Scotland’s collections to choose from to assess. We talked through what an assessment and a treatment plan should consist of whether this was done for an individual volume or a collection of books. Caroline shared with us her own documentation as an example from which we could create ones suitable for our own and/or our institutions’ needs. The most eye-opening thing in relation to the documentation process was to be given parts of Robert Espinosa’s structure outline for book description documentation – I am sure you would agree, this is rather extensive! The book cover structure and its text block always need to be considered separately with any treatment plans, making the process twice as difficult – or fun, if you’re that way inclined!
I wanted to share with you just one of the processes we went through at the workshop: consolidation and stabilisation of a damaged corner. The book I was working on from the Library’s collections was entitled ‘Pinkerton’s Enquiry into the History of Scotland Preceding 1056, Vol. 1’.
The process started by assessing the damage to the text block and the covers and listing all visible damage carefully, while documenting the original state of the book with photographs. All damages listed needed to be analysed and explained in terms of how they affect the book as a whole. It then needs to be thought out if treatment is absolutely necessary and what the alternatives might be. The final decision on how to proceed needs to be a joint one by all involved – this will lead to a better understanding of the processes by everyone. The exchange of knowledge also allows, and leads into, better treatment decisions.
Below on the left you can see the original condition of the book cover and corner in question. By following instructions from Caroline’s demonstrations, the corner leather and book board were cut with a scalpel and lifted. This is done by going about 5mm beyond the extent of the damage. The book board inside was sliced inwards in three places to enable its consolidation.
After lifting the corner, the book cover leather needed to be consolidated with Klucel G, also known by its rather less fetching name of hydroxypropylcellulose. Klucel G is a consolidant which forms a gel and is used by painting it on damaged areas with a brush. The lifted leather corners were painted with Klucel G with a thin blotter to separate it out from the text block. This was left to air-dry for around half an hour. When the Klucel G has dried, pieces of cling film were placed undeneath the leather to screen it off from the board. The next step was to use a 10% wheat starch paste with a thick consistency to consolidate the board (image below).
The paste is worked into the board and brushed in as far as the board is open to reach all the nooks and crannies. It looked very gloopy (and a tad scary!) at this point, but this is then left as it is between 3-10 minutes – with care taken to not get any of the paste on the leather. After this, the boards got pushed together any excess paste was wiped off while shaping the corner back to its original shape.
This gets clamped down anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour with the cling film still in place to avoid contact between the leather and the wheat starch paste. Once the paste has soaked into the board thoroughly, the corner was left to air-dry for a few hours.
When fully dried, the leather and the board were again re-united by using EVA glue (ethylene-vinyl acetate) and left to dry thoroughly for an hour or so, first with clamps and then without. And there we have it – a stabilised book corner! Again I must point out the time conservation treatments can take: to consolidate one corner of a book, including all the drying times, can take over 5 hours.
It was interesting to think and discuss the ways in which book collectors, and ‘everyday book users’, view books: what matters the most is the content of the book with the bindings coming in second. The conservation perspective is to think of the book strucure being a part of the information contained within a book. I find the difference between these points of views fascinating and it is something I come across on a day to day basis at work too – the researcher being only interested in the content when my focus is mostly the condition of the paper on which the information sits. I can now, perhaps with slightly calmed nerves about the processes, extend this to include books.
We use cookies to personalise content, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. Read our detailed cookie policy
For the second consecutive year, JWU’s Charlotte Campus hosted On the Rise: The Johnson & Wales International Symposium on Bread. This year, the Symposium spanned 3 days, including the addition of a full day of hands-on workshops on sourdoughs and on baking with rye, polycrops and local grains.
The Symposium speakers represented a who’s who of experts in bread, grain, art, history, and science; the 150 attendees were able to productively interact with the presenters as well as with various sponsors during the breaks.
The initial 2017 Symposium laid a strong foundation for the exploration of the Symposium’s ongoing theme, The Future of Bread, upon which the 2018 Symposium was able to build. While the presentations covered everything from bread in history, culture, and the arts as well as its technology and craft (one of the previous year’s important concepts was the notion of “craft at scale”), some of the most powerful takeaways this time around included the burgeoning interest and research in the realm of sourdough baking.
Dr. Erin McKenney of the Rob Dunn Lab at North Carolina State University spoke of the hundreds of “citizen scientists” around the world who are maintaining sourdough starters and sending in samples to her for analysis. This has allowed McKenney’s team to identify hundreds of microorganisms, mainly wild yeast and lactic and acetic acid bacteria, and to isolate their various flavor producing qualities.
McKenney’s research, coupled with the work of another speaker, Karl DeSmedt of the Puratos Sourdough Library in Saint-Vith, Belgium, has made it possible to categorize the functionality and flavor profiles induced by these various microscopic organisms, and open the door for targeted future applications, not only for flavor development but also for health and wellness.
In his opening keynote address, Nathan Myhrvold, the creator and co-author of “Modernist Bread,” shared some of the findings his research team discovered during the 4 years it took to produce his massive 5-volume encyclopedia on bread, such as why steam causes bread to develop shine and crispness, and how to use pre-gelatinized and alkalized starches, like nixtamal and hominy, to produce better performing, lighter gluten-free breads.
But he also raised a philosophical question that provided ongoing context throughout the following two days’ proceedings: “Why do consumers think bread should be given away for free in restaurants, especially given the amount of care, skill, and craft that goes into producing it?” He contrasted this with the perceived value of risotto, which can sell for as much as $18 a bowl but costs about the same to produce as a loaf of bread. (Ironically, a few days after the Symposium, the Charlotte Observer ran a story about a local restaurant that now charges $6 for a basket of bread and butter).
Another perception that Myhrvold dispelled was the nostalgic notion that bread produced in the past, the so-called good-old days, was better than what is currently being made. On the contrary, he asserted, probably the best bread the world has ever seen is being produced right now, and it can get even better in the future due to the increased scientific knowledge of today’s bakers, millers, and farmers.
Jennifer Lapidus, the founder of Carolina Ground, a small specialty flour mill in Asheville, NC, followed Myhrvold’s assertion by presenting her vision of the farmer-miller-baker coalition, where skilled bakers are willing and capable of adjusting to the unpredictability of locally grown grain, cultivated specifically for the soil and climate of the region, which then allows farmers the economic viability of growing these specialized, non-commodity grains. While just a drop in the ocean compared to the amount of wheat and corn grown in the commodity grain world, this “baker at the helm” model provides a viable option for the future of bread, milling, and farming — at least on the local level.
Other important takeaways this year included a presentation by sprouted flour millers, Joe and Caroline Lindley of Lindley Mills, and Peggy Sutton of To Your Health Sprouted Flour, who are two of the pioneers in this growing sector. They revealed recent information on the nutritional benefits of intentionally sprouted wheat (and other grains) to increase vitamin, mineral, and antioxidant content. Through the cookies and bread samples they passed out to the audience, they also showed how sprouting also enhances flavor. A few years ago, sprouted flour was just a blip on the screen in the world of bread and baking, but it has now increased its visibility and credibility and is about to carve out a much larger economic slice of the proverbial loaf.
These are just a few of the takeaways from this year’s Symposium. The current plan is to convene again in two years at the Charlotte Campus — in collaboration with presenting sponsor, Puratos — and then on a biannual basis. Who knows what the future of bread will look like in 2020? But one thing is clear: Even after 6,000 of bread baking, there is still much to be revealed.
Peter Reinhart is a Chef on Assignment at Johnson & Wales University’s Charlotte Campus. He was the co-founder of the legendary Brother Juniper’s Bakery in Sonoma, California, and is the author of 10 books on bread baking and pizza, including “Brother Juniper’s Bread Book” and the modern classic “The Bread Baker’s Apprentice.” He is also the author of “American Pie: My Search for the Perfect Pizza.” For more of Peter’s interviews, videos and recipes, follow Pizza Quest.
Meet the students, chefs, courses + alumni of JWU's College of Culinary Arts. Campuses: Providence | North Miami | Denver | Charlotte
No part of this publication may be fully or partially reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any manner whatsoever without written permission from Johnson & Wales University. Send inquiries to News@jwu.edu.
Johnson & Wales University is a 4-year private institution. Our students study arts and sciences, business, culinary arts, education, nutrition, hospitality and engineering & design at our four campus locations in Providence, North Miami, Denver and Charlotte!
LOS ANGELES – The Occupy Los Angeles movement seems to be going ahead full steam without any problem, as demonstrators continue to camp out at the Los Angeles City Hall lawn, but they’ll be getting a little help when Saturday’s global protests take place.
Moveon.org says it’s offering support for the OccupyLA movement and will be sending some of its members to take part in the rally. The move is significant because some OccupyLA members were unhappy last week over members of Moveon.org trying to commandeer the Web site with the streaming video that the Occupy movement had going. But it appears the two have patched up their differences.
Occupy LA is planning to hold a rally and March throughout downtown Los Angeles on Saturday, as protestors will walk through the city’s financial district.
I got an email about this several weeks ago but couldn’t do anything with it as I was just swamped with work at the courthouse and for the paper. The blog is just one of the things I do and often takes a backseat when we have breaking news. This isn’t breaking news (unless you are Google and want to push it. Then it’s huge, of course). So anyway, I wanted to post this so all our service members can take advantage of it. Here’s the information from Google:
We understand that it’s not always easy or affordable for our troops serving overseas to call friends and family at home, so starting today we’re making it completely free for all uniformed military personnel with valid United States Military (.mil) email addresses to call the United States, right from Gmail.
And don’t forget that for friends and family at home in the U.S., calling troops abroad is as little as $.02/minute.
Similar to free calling within the U.S., free calling to the U.S. for service members will be available for at least the rest of 2011.
We recognize and appreciate the sacrifices U.S. troops make when they serve abroad, and we’re proud to help make it a little bit easier for them to stay connected and hear a familiar voice.
Author Andy KravetzPosted on August 31, 2011 August 31, 2011 Categories HomefrontTags homefrontLeave a comment on Free calls home from Gmail for all U.S. service members
“Awesome picture of the 1st Tac Ftr Sqd leaving Langlry AFB, Va prior to Irene messin with their base. They moved to Grissom ARB, Peru, In. till called home.”
Author Andy KravetzPosted on August 31, 2011 August 31, 2011 Categories Odds and EndsTags odds and ends2 Comments on Seeking shelter from the storm — F-22 Style
Music group The National and Democratic National Committee Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz will headline a fundraiser benefiting President Barack Obama’s re-election campaign in Cincinnati on October 5, a donor to the campaign said.
The early-evening event in downtown Cincinnati will feature an acoustic concert by the alternative rock group, which is known for brooding songs like “Bloodbuzz Ohio.” The Brooklyn-based band, which formed in Cincinnati, has been Obama’s opening act a number of times since his first White House run in 2008.
The event will also feature remarks and a question and answer session with Schultz, a Florida lawmaker who has ripped Republicans for proposed austerity measures and changes to government-run healthcare for the elderly.
The event is expected to draw between 150 to 200 people, which could raise between $150,000 and $200,000 for the Democratic incumbent, who has edged past Republican challenger Mitt Romney in opinion polls ahead of the Nov. 6 election.
The event could draw additional Democratic lawmakers and Obama surrogates but will not include Obama or his running mate, Joe Biden, the source said.
Photo: Matt Berninger of the National performs at Virgin Mobile Free Fest, in Columbia, Maryland on August 30, 2009. REUTERS/Bill Auth
We welcome comments that advance the story through relevant opinion, anecdotes, links and data. If you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate, you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links. Views expressed in the comments do not represent those of Reuters. For more information on our comment policy, see http://blogs.reuters.com/fulldisclosure/2010/09/27/toward-a-more-thoughtful-conversation-on-stories/
The Department of Geography & Geographic Information Science invites the campus and greater community to celebrate the 2018 Geography Awareness Week (Nov. 11-17) and GIS Day (Nov. 14) with us. The following events have been planned on UND campus:
As a railway expert working for the World Bank, I engage with many client countries that are looking to expand or upgrade their railway systems. Whenever someone pitches a railway investment, my first question is always, “What are your trains going to carry?” I ask this question because it is fundamental to railway financing.
Railways are very capital intensive and increasingly need to attract financing from the private sector to be successful. That is why the World Bank recently updated its Railway Toolkit to include more information and case studies on railway financing. Here, in a nutshell are the key lessons about railway financing from this update.
On Monday, China officially launched the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) in a ceremony with representatives from the bank's 57 founding-member countries. AIIB will have a capital base of US$100 billion, three-quarters of which come from within Asia.
At the inaugural ceremony in the Great Hall of the People, Chinese President Xi Jinping reaffirmed the new institution's mission, saying that "Our motivation [for setting up the bank] was mainly to meet the need for infrastructure development in Asia and also satisfy the wishes of all countries to deepen their co-operation."
Indeed, the AIIB is a major piece of China's regional infrastructure plan, which aims to address the huge needs for expanding rail, road and maritime transport links between China, central Asia, the Middle East and Europe. But the AIIB should also represent a huge opportunity for cooperation not only between countries in the region but also with other multilateral development banks.
Our experience working on transport mega-projects co-financed by several multilateral development banks (MDBs) already shows that this collaboration is much needed and critical for the success and viability of mega-projects. The most recent experience with the Quito Metro Line One Project, for example, shows that the co-financing banks – World Bank, Inter-American Development Bank, Andean Development Corporation and European Investment Bank – brought not only their financial muscle but also their rich and diverse global knowledge and experience. Incidentally, because of the Quito Metro project, all the MDBs involved in the project were dubbed as the “musketeers, ” precisely due to the high degree of collaboration and team work that is making this project a success.
During a supervision mission in May, our team had the chance to hear from railway users about the many ways in which the new rail line between Wuzhou and Nanning is already having an impact on their lives. Compared to the relatively theoretical ways in which we often assess and talk about railway impact (think "agglomeration benefits" or "improved connectivity and accessibility"), I found this experience refreshing and gratifying. For many, the opening of a new railway line brings about a host of opportunities, whether it is new jobs, the possibility of meeting more clients or meeting existing clients more frequently, a chance to visit relatives located far away, or maybe even an opportunity to do a bit of tourism.
The first half of the NanGuang railway line opened in mid April 2014. It is one of the six railway projects currently supported by the World Bank in China. It connects the city of Wuzhou to Nanning, two cities located 240 km apart, in the relatively poor autonomous region of Guangxi. The train, a brand new Electric Motorized Unit (see picture below), is clean and modern. It cuts across a highly mountainous terrain, zooming at about 200 kph through many tunnels and bridges.
Movies are a great medium for feeling inspired and for giving viewers intimate access to other people’s lives.
This is one of my favorite recipes. I made it up one night a few years ago based on what I had in the fridge, and it's soooo good...full of flavor. Great comfort food!
It's basically a skillet chicken paprika with sour cream added. You could serve it over white or brown rice, but I infinitely prefer saffron rice...the flavors are a great combo. I usually add in a can of black beans, as well, but I find that they get overly mushy when microwaved in this sauce. So, for today's lunch, I just stuck them on the side. :) Added a nice green salad and the only thing missing was a cold dry riesling and a crusty baguette. Which is what I ate it with last night...But they won't let me bring wine to work. Crazy.
Prepare rice according to package directions (I often substitute chicken stock for the water). Set aside.
Meanwhile, in a large skillet over medium heat, brown chicken on each side until cooked through, about five minutes. Set aside. Add oil to skillet, being sure to scrape up browned bits. Stir in onion and cook until tender, about five minutes. Pour in chicken broth and paprika; bring to a boil and let reduce until mixture has thickened; about 5 minutes. Stir in sour cream and cooked chicken; heat til warmed through. Serve hot over rice. Pin It Now!
Objective: To produce and document at least four lunches a week for one year, almost entirely for work. Recipes, tips, and pontificating included as necessary.
Complications: I'm a girl on a budget and a girl on a diet. Also, I do not have time for garnishes or cute knife tricks. These lunches need to be healthyish, affordable, and easy.
Resources: EasyLunchBoxSystem with carrying cooler. Silicone baking cups. -Bamboo skewers. Sharp knives. Good cooking skills. Excellent couponing skills. -Access to Publix, Kroger, various produce stands, and one knock-your-socks-off farmers' market.
Get free access to 1,000+ courses & 240+ eBooksUp your digital game with courses & eBooks on design, illustration, web design, code & more.
Sam (Maisha Kanna), a beach child from Rote, East Nusa Tenggara, and his mother, Uci (Marsha Timothy), travel on land alone. The travel plan is from Jakarta to Banyuwangi, to meet Sam's idol surfers on G-Land beach. The day before departure, Sam's cousin Happy (Lil'li Latisha), a city child very thaht is very different from Sam, acts up in the family gathering in Jakarta. In front of many people, Happy teases and demeans Sam. Happy’s mother, Kirana (Karina Suwandi), asks Happy to take part in Sam and Uci's journey in hopes she can get to know her cousin better. The difference between the two makes the road trip by car to be full of challenges and not according to plan. They encounter unexpected situations and various unique and funny characters along the way.
In this interlinked collection of short stories and novellas, Christopher Priest explores war, relationships and forms of reality. Each tale is a truimph of quiet, steady craftsmanship, a model of ingenious design and subtle implication, and as a group they further enrich each other by interlocking cleverly, symmetrically and sometimes sinisterly.»
Scrapbook containing material relating to Joseph H. Fowler's publications - Chapter's in '98 History and Bombs! and their Reverberations; also includes...
Letter from James M. O'Connell to Joseph H. Fowler regretting that he cannot attend meeting re death of Laurence Ginnell
Newspaper cuttings re Irish politics, political activity of the Irish in London, including references to Joseph H. Fowler
A tale of true love and high adventure, pirates, princesses, giants, miracles, fencing, and a frightening assortment of wild beasts The Princess Bride is a modern storytelling classic.
As Florin and Guilder teeter on the verge of war, the reluctant Princess Buttercup is devastated by the loss of her true love, kidnapped by a mercenary and his henchman, rescued by a pirate, forced to marry Prince Humperdinck, and rescued once again by the very crew who absconded with her in the first place. In the course of this dazzling adventure, she'll meet Vizzini the criminal philosopher who'll do anything for a bag of gold; Fezzik the gentle giant; Inigo the Spaniard whose steel thirsts for revenge; and Count Rugen the evil mastermind behind it all. Foiling all their plans and jumping into their stories is Westley, Princess Buttercup s one true love and a very good friend of a very dangerous pirate."»
Cafes of the Whyalla city with phone numbers and addresses, the directory of the Whyalla city containing useful information
It is easy to find cafes in the Whyalla city using our catalog, wich contains the clear indication of all information. Our catalog will help all inhabitants of the Whyalla city, and its guests, to find cafes, necessary addresses and phone numbers, and also to get all desired information.
Laura is sending her mom mini notebooks to toss in her purse while wedding planning. She’s getting married in the spring! And because they live on opposite coasts and because she’s the best mom ever, Laura also picked out the Kypris Moonlight Catalyst. “I like the idea of both of us having the same nighttime ritual.”
So whether you plan a trip from your Mac get turn- by- turn directions from your iPhone . MyCoolCell is a one stop shop of wholesale cell phone accessories Otterbox, MyBat, Zizo , repair parts from brands such as PureGear, Spigen, Ballistic many more. ; Tip: You may see recommended areas like " home " local".
Read reviews compare customer ratings, see screenshots learn more about Google. History from the Google Maps app for iPhone and.
This is intended to make it easy to find previous places you’ ve been and quickly get directions to them again. The newly designed Google Maps app for Android iPhone . Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map.
You can also give the Google Maps app access to your. The app could be so crappy on iPhone X. Experience Street View 3D Mapping, turn- by- turn directions, indoor maps more across your devices. Turning the Location History on in your account allows.
What is a map when it’ s more than just a map? Read reviews see screenshots, compare customer ratings learn more about Google Maps - GPS Navigation. ; In the top left, tap Menu Offline maps. Apple Store App; Refurbished.
How to Use Google Maps on the iPhone. Download Google Maps - GPS Navigation enjoy it on your iPhone, iPad iPod touch. Download Google Street View and enjoy it.
If you need help, please go to: websmithing. Location services make it easier to use Google products. One of the most exciting useful applications available on the iPhone is Google Maps giving you the ability to find locations by street.
Save Google Maps for offline use on smartphones, mobile phones, ipad, slates. Google finally delivered the release everybody ( on iOS 6) had been waiting for by unleashing its sorely- missed Maps app to the App Store, and having used it a little myself, it' s as if the native offering never went away.
Tips and tricks you didn' t know you could do with Google for on the go, at work and having fun. Feb 07, · Free Download Google Map GPS Cell Phone Tracker 5.
Apr 09, · Going somewhere? Go with Maps, the official app you can rely on for real- time GPS navigation, traffic, transit, and details about millions of places, such as reviews and popular times.
Download The Google Search App and get the best answers and assistance using voice search. Available on Android and iPhone.
Get the mobile app today. Nov 02, · Apple has a secret app in the App Store which allows some iPhone users to map the interior of a building using their handset.
First discovered yesterday by developer Steve Troughton- Smith, an app called Indoor Survey has been available on the App Store since last week. Fitness training made easy with MapMyRun.
Mako is still our current houseguest. Somewhat surprisingly, there hasn't been one adoption call for him as of yet. We suspect that it may due to the fact that we've disclosed he has a slight heart murmur. He doesn't appear to be suffering in any way shape or form from it, nor does it hamper his ability to play or enjoy daily life. Our Miss Remy had a heart murmur and she lived to be 16 so we don't feel it would be a deal breaker for us in any way shape or form; but it's likely causing others to pause.
He is so beautiful and SUCH a lovebug! Quite fearful of loud noises and sudden movements, he startles easily but he also is becoming less nervous all the time and doesn't hide hardly at all anymore. He loves to be brushed, to snack on Temptations treats, and to snuggle under covers. Sometimes we come upstairs unable to find him, only to realize that he's under our duvet on the bed or has burrowed under my housecoat. He's also found peace with our two boys - although I would like to see him go to a home as the only kitty (because I think he would be less nervous there), he could also find coexistence with another feline, but it would have to be one that is VERY laid back and non threatening. He grew to like Ivey quite quickly so a female could be a better choice than another male.
My Em had a pretty severe heart murmur.. she died at 16 of cancer after having diabetes for seven years :)
I love all animals but have been especially drawn to cats since I was a little girl. Cat fostering has been a way for us to help as many unwanted cats/kittens as we're able to, and we've been amazingly blessed by being involved in this work much more abundantly than we could ever give in return.
Two months since sixty-five thousand alien objects clenched around the Earth like a luminous fist, screaming to the heavens as the atmosphere burned them to ash. Two months since that moment of brief, bright surveillance by agents unknown.
Now some half-derelict space probe, sparking fitfully past Neptune's orbit, hears a whisper from the edge of the solar system: a faint signal sweeping the cosmos like a lighthouse beam. Whatever's out there isn't talking to us. It's talking to some distant star, perhaps. Or perhaps to something closer, something en route.
So who do you send to force introductions on an intelligence with motives unknown, maybe unknowable? Who do you send to meet the alien when the alien doesn't want to meet?
You send a linguist with multiple personalities, her brain surgically partitioned into separate, sentient processing cores. You send a biologist so radically interfaced with machinery that he sees x-rays and tastes ultrasound, so compromised by grafts and splices he no longer feels his own flesh. You send a pacifist warrior in the faint hope she won't be needed, and the fainter one she'll do any good if she is. You send a monster to command them all, an extinct hominid predator once called vampire, recalled from the grave with the voodoo of recombinant genetics and the blood of sociopaths. And you send a synthesist an informational topologist with half his mind gone as an interface between here and there, a conduit through which the Dead Center might hope to understand the Bleeding Edge.
You send them all to the edge of interstellar space, praying you can trust such freaks and retrofits with the fate of a world. You fear they may be more alien than the thing they've been sent to find.
.... according to Diamanda Galas. But anyway, I think it's becoming worse and worse every year. This summer is full of cruelty worldwide and all I can do is fireing back with some bass. Here's the summer Bombcast:
The Void: a sealed universe, billions of years old. Alive, its expansion is barely contained. Now it wants to make contact.
Inigo channels mysterious dreams of an unlikely hero, a simpler life and a hope for a brighter future - on a world that's not his own.
His disaffected followers are determined to seek this utopia and cross the forbidden boundary of the Void to reach it. Unaware that such an act could trigger its growth beyond all control . . . destroying everything in its path.»
Every company has different connectivity needs, but few IT departments have the time to make a thorough study of the landscape. At Data-Tel, our nearly 20 years of experience in technology and communications can save you from expensive mistakes. We’re telecom brokers who help connect you with the carriers and services that will keep your business thriving. Take advantage of our extensive telecom knowledge and longstanding strategic partnerships with more than 160 carriers and suppliers. Solutions span from big-picture WAN and Cloud consideration to detailed evaluation of SIP Trunking, Broadband, Ethernet, MPLS and VPN options.
“Since we began working with Data-Tel, the time and energy our team invests in our telecom network management has significantly decreased, along with our overall cost. Having Data-Tel’s support when issues arise means I don’t have to spend my day on the phone with the carriers—that means a great deal to me!”
Provides reliable connections for businesses whenever they need it, in varieties which may include DSL or Cable high-speed internet, Wifi connectivity, or Mobile Broadband.
Relays data through a wired local computer network with greater stability than wireless alternatives.
Increases traffic performance in high usage networks by routing data via virtual paths between nodes rather than through endpoints, to enhance bandwidth use and reduce network congestion.
Allows businesses to enjoy the VoIP-like benefits of converging local, long-distance and broadband Internet into a single line — without investing in new infrastructure or abandoning costly legacy PBX phone systems.
Uses encryption and tunneling to allow regional offices and remote or roaming users to work within a public network while operating as if they were within a company’s private network.
Empowers employees, clients, and vendors to function within a single reliable network across multiple geographic locations. MPLS, VPLS, Broadband, FTTC, xDSL, fiber, copper EFM, 3G or 4G, and point-to-point are all options.
tuscan wall decor metal black wrought iron wall decor buy wall wall wrought tuscan urns metal wall decor.
The Air Asia communication executives sat at a round table with chaos all around, trying to concentrate on banging out a press release, twitter updates and Facebook posts while absorbing, processing and regurgitating each bit of new information about the disaster that had just befallen their airline.
They faced a gaping maw; an unfulfillable appetite for information and not just from reporters and family members, but from the dozens of agencies that would also be involved. The minutes clicked by like milliseconds.
This was just two months ago, but the disaster was not real. They and dozens of other communication professionals, journalists and air safety officials were at an industry conference on crisis management; table-top war gaming a disaster hoping to be ready for the unimaginable. I was there with them in the mock disaster. I'd been asked to attend by the International Air Transport Association given my experience covering the disappearance of Malaysia Flight 370 for ABC News and my forthcoming book on aviation mysteries for Penguin.
It was nightmarish working with these airline executives that afternoon and we knew we were just play acting. Now that it is real, I can't imagine how they are coping. Their boss, Air Asia chief executive Tony Fernandes calls the disappearance of QZ8501, "my worst nightmare." No doubt it is theirs' too.
As of this writing the Airbus A-320 en route from Surabaya to Singapore has been missing for 19 hours. It disappeared after the pilot radioed for clearance to change course to avoid weather. News reports say there were no further calls from the cockpit.
What happened? Like a reoccurring bad dream this question is back for the third time for a Malaysian airline. What makes this event different is how Air Asia is avoiding the missteps taken by its larger, legacy competitor.
Fernandes immediately took to Twitter, confirming a loss of contact with the plane, re-tweeted the airlines fact-packed statement and got himself on a plane to Indonesia - home to the majority of the passengers and perhaps the flight crew as well.
To answer the "what happened?" question requires time and patience neither of which is found in abundance in the population at large. And it cannot be expected from those who had loved ones on the flight.
Malaysia learned this from the hammering the airline and the government took for the stonewalling followed by confusing and contradictory statements after Flight 370 disappeared March 8th. Air Asia has learned too. It is not holding back when it comes to telling what it does know.
What to tell? Well, in this case and with any commercial aviation accident, there are many, many, many known facts. Everything about the age, history and maintenance of the plane, the experience and performance of the flight and cabin crew, nationalities of passengers and operations at the airport and along the flight path. Air Asia has so far done an impressive job in putting these tidbits out there to feed the worldwide appetite for information.
This is to be applauded because prompt and accurate communication right from the start helps establish trust between the public and the families and the airline and the safety officials. Acting with integrity and displaying concern is the most effective way to minimize hostility and prevent wild speculation. Both of which lead to conspiracy theories and conspiracy theories never die.
If past is predictive, investigators will find out what happened to QZ 8501 and that information can be used to make flying even safer. The link is that direct.
So spend time on Facebook Air Asia, tweet what you know as soon as you know it @tonyfernandes, and don't be afraid. The worst has already happened. If you handle it right, you can elevate Air Asia from the depths to which Flight 8501 has fallen.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
How do you get my consent? When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent? If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at info@culliganh2pointo.com
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service. Links When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards. COOKIES Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not. _session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc). _web_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits _web_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer. _secure_session_id, unique token, sessional storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our website is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at info@culliganh2pointo.com
About product and suppliers: Alibaba offers 6,999 dust vacuum cleaning machine products. About 37% of these are industrial vacuum cleaner, 17% are vacuum cleaners, and 14% are other machinery & industry equipment. A
Alibaba offers 13,263 dust cleaning equipment products. About 14% of these are dust collector, 9% are abrator, and 1% are industrial ultrasonic cleaner. A wide variety of dust cleaning equipment options are available to you
dust cleaning machine manufacturer/supplier, China dust cleaning machine manufacturer & factory list, find qualified Chinese dust cleaning machine manufacturers, suppliers, factories, exporters & wholesalers quickly on Made in
30l Featured Dust ExtractorL Class reviews verified by reevoo Ease of use 8.7 Performance 8.2 Design and Ergonomics 7.4 Functionality 8.2 Value for money 7.8 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 24 reviews 8
An industrial vacuum cleaner is a must have for those who require heavy duty cleaning, such as business locations. Industrial vacuum cleaners are typically canister style vacuums that are quiet and easy to handle, or central vacuums
Find helpful customer reviews and review ratings for 1000W Wet & Dry 30L Vacuum Cleaner with Blowing Function at Amazon . Read honest and unbiased product reviews from our users. Amazon.co.uk Try Prime All Go
I just used the vacuum with the new filter and it is like a new machine. I hadn't realized how the sucking power had decreased. Thanks The right product by Kinzukid on 012 Value Quality Price Great selection of products by
Pulling the machine backwards allows the machine to dry the carpet by sucking in both moisture and dirt. If the machine has a rotating brush, it will significantly improve the cleaning effect. Of course, you can also use wetdry
Wet and dry hoovers are excellent for cleaning both inside and around the home or in the garage and are constantly being used to vacuum out all that dirt and dust that accumulates inside your vehicle. Best of all, switching from dry to
If you're looking for vacuum spares and vacuum cleaning accessories you've come to the right place. We carry everything from Dyson spares and Vax float chamber filters to vacuum cleaner dust bags. Please use the navigation to
15L fireplace vacuum cleaner trade offers directory and 15L fireplace vacuum cleaner business offers list. Trade leads from 15L fireplace vacuum cleaner Suppliers and 15L fireplace vacuum cleaner buyers provided by weiku .
floor cleaning machine the special dust seat firmly adsorbs dust, hair, the harmful incects such as dust mites and fleas, and lint. And of course, pet hair! Cleaning ability of RoboMop XP It can clean up a 180cm180cm area in
OVERVIEW We are a prominent Manufacturer, Exporter and Supplier of a proven range of technologically advanced Cleaning Products. Our range includes Vacuum Manufacturers of Industrial Vacuum Cleaners,Dust Collectors
Join your fellow parishioners in a Celebration of Service, as we volunteer throughout the Greater Cleveland Community, sharing our time and talents with those most in need. There is a project for Everyone! After volunteering, we will continue the celebration with 4:30 pm mass at Gesu, followed by dinner in the Family Center. For questions, email Ashley Markiewicz at amarkiewicz@churchofthegesu.org.
Majestic looking tier outdoor plant stand tiered stands indoor plus stool three iron rack traditional patio furniture and is one of our best images of lofty design ideas tier outdoor plant stand and its resolution is 510x552 pixels. Find out our other images similar to this majestic looking tier outdoor plant stand tiered stands indoor plus stool three iron rack traditional patio furniture and at gallery below and if you want to find more ideas about lofty design ideas tier outdoor plant stand, you could use search box at the top of this page.
Below are the images from lofty design ideas tier outdoor plant stand post, there are excellent idea tier outdoor plant stand tiered garden stands metal corner 3 planter introduction three, chic design tier outdoor plant stand contemporary decoration iron theatre terrace 3 metal in decorative, attractive inspiration ideas tier outdoor plant stand garden stands 5 folding screen decorative metal that make your more beautiful, wonderful ideas tier outdoor plant stand multi tiered stands x 2 planter decorative metal 3, peachy design tier outdoor plant stand tiered indoor stands flower pot contemporary going 3, innovational ideas tier outdoor plant stand don t miss this bargain leisure season multi decorative metal five corner 3, ingenious design ideas tier outdoor plant stand 3 tiered stands rack wooden decorative metal, clever design ideas tier outdoor plant stand 3 garden wide wooden flower pot step ladder rack image is loading decorative metal five, luxury ideas tier outdoor plant stand 8 best tiered stands images on pinterest patio shop for at the mine decorative metal five corner 3, homely idea tier outdoor plant stand garden tiered spiral staircase metal 3 decorative five, creative inspiration tier outdoor plant stand tiered date4u club x 3 stands decorative metal five corner, pretentious design ideas tier outdoor plant stand 3 stands wood unique friendly cedar plantation teak tiered shelves decorative metal, absolutely smart tier outdoor plant stand pictures stands longfabu 3 wayfair decorative metal five corner, clever design ideas tier outdoor plant stand the 12 best tiered images on pinterest garden planters antique half round with 3 tiers by via google decorative metal five, inspirational design ideas tier outdoor plant stand 3 designs tiered shapeyourminds com decorative metal five corner, majestic looking tier outdoor plant stand tiered stands indoor plus stool three iron rack traditional patio furniture and, extraordinary design ideas tier outdoor plant stand diy medium size of 3 stands wooden tiered decorative metal, terrific tier outdoor plant stand exquisite decoration tiered stylish patio stands images about on decorative, startling tier outdoor plant stand 4 stands wrought iron garden tiered metal decorative 3, valuable inspiration tier outdoor plant stand 25 best collection of tiered creative ideas stands designs decorative metal five corner 3, classy ideas tier outdoor plant stand 3 stands shelf tiered iron period century, neat design tier outdoor plant stand diy good unique stands ideas on image of nice tiered five, surprising ideas tier outdoor plant stand tiered stands image of 3 decorative metal, awesome idea tier outdoor plant stand stands hayneedle international caravan santa fe 3 shelf set decorative metal five corner, captivating tier outdoor plant stand tiered design of ideas interior panacea products 3 nesting black wooden stands decorative metal five, splendid ideas tier outdoor plant stand vifah 3 tiered wood v499 the home depot decorative metal five corner two, prissy ideas tier outdoor plant stand stands cottage a two decorative metal five 3, unthinkable tier outdoor plant stand 3 table metal stands tiered decorative, and smart inspiration tier outdoor plant stand plain ideas tiered acacia wood decorative metal five 3.
Paul H. Ray, Ph.D. is Director of the Institute for the Emerging Wisdom Culture at Wisdom University (www.wisdomuniversity.org) He is co-author of The Cultural Creatives: How 50 Million People Are Changing the World.
He designed and analyzed the original survey research that identified the Cultural Creatives for 20 years. In business, government and academe, he has headed research on over 100 major research and consulting projects, and written reports on them all. Sponsors and clients include many government agencies and large corporations.
His current research, and writing, includes values surveys, and theoretical and practical work on the design of a wisdom civilization, “The Emerging Planetary Wisdom Culture” and “The Practical Wisdom Paradigm.” He works with NGOs, with new political groups and governments, and with green and socially responsible businesses. One of his more interesting new projects is the Creative Manifestation Project, which helps artists, writers, entrepreneurs and activists
He has a BA in Anthropology from Yale University and a PhD in Sociology from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. He was an Associate Professor of Urban Planning at the University of Michigan, then Chief of Policy Research on Energy Conservation in the Canadian government, then Executive Vice President of American LIVES, Inc.
The City of Beverly Hills Community Services Department offers a treasure chest of programs and classes geared to every generation. There are adult classes, after school programs, youth sports classes, special events, adult excursions and parents & me classes. So no matter what your interest maybe, we provide an opportunity to explore an interest, enhance a current hobby, or meet someone new.
Discover how local farmers contributed to California surpassing Wisconsin as the nation's leading dairy state. Local farmers and their families did it all, from growing the feed for the cows to processing the milk into cream, butter, and cheese to marketing and delivering it to consumers. Individual farmers joined together to form cooperatives in the early 1900s. Dublin also played a part in the development of modern, scientific mass production and mass distribution, with the Foremost Dairy Research Center, which opened in 1966. See vintage milk bottles, cartons, bottle caps, and modern dairy equipment, some on loan from the California State Parks Dairy Collection.
May 25, 2018, 11:00 AM - October 26, 2018, 5:00 PM @ Dublin Camp Parks Military History Center, Parks Reserve Forces Training Area, Building 275, just before the Main Gate Checkpoint off Dougherty Road at Camp Parks Boulevard
During the 1940s and 1950s, Navy Nurses and Red Cross workers served important roles at Camp Parks and neighboring Shoemaker Hospital, a 3,000-bed facility which provided care for almost 46,000 patients during World War II. This exhibit salutes the women who helped to heal, comfort and transition injured sailors and Marines back to civilian life in a dynamic post-War world. On display are original Nurse and Red Cross uniforms, medical equipment, therapy artifacts and photos.
Dublin Camp Parks Military History Center, Parks Reserve Forces Training Area, Building 275, just before the Main Gate Checkpoint off Dougherty Road at Camp Parks BoulevardCamp Parks Reserve Forces Training Area, Building DublinCA94568
Subscribe to the monthly newsletter, to be informed of the latest news portal, and new services added.
About 64% of these are sand washer, 33% are mineral separator. A wide variety of clay . clay sand gold washing plant gravel classifier log washer. Add to Compare .. Mineral Sand Spiral Logging Equipment / Clay Washing Sand Spiral Separator . professional clay log washer manufacturer / Sea Sand Washing Machine.
Double or Single Spiral Log Washer/Spiral Screw Classifier/gold washing machine,US $ 6900 49999 / Set, New, mining washer, 10 100t/h. . ore, iron ore, phosphate and other tough insoluble gravels and soft stone minerals. . Professional engineer design the production line for you . What minerals are you separating?
China sand mining machine price mineral separator circular vibrating screen, US $ 1000 . shaft and eccentric block and the spring damping device uses steel spiral spring. . materials, electricity and chemical departments for production classification. . We can send professional engineers to the working site for equipment.
Ball Mill Manufacturers offers 974 sand cyclone separator products. About 39% of these are mineral separator, 15% are water treatment, and 9% are separation equipment. A wide variety of sand . Sand Classifier Water Cyclone Separator for Sale . Professional cyclone sand separator on sale . Rotor sand cyclone gravel separator.
As did its predecessors, The Girl in the Spider's Web shrieks its loathing of men who hurt women. It also wails over the threatened innocence of children, emits a primal scream at sexual trauma, and howls its disgust at the endemic corruption that renders gangsters and bureaucrats essentially identical.
This Girl recycles as much of the formula as possible, in hope that fans of Stockholm bisexual hacker-vigilante Lisbeth Salander will accept her newly mainstreamed incarnation (played with a Swedish-ish accent by The Crown's Claire Foy). Yet the movie also shifts toward hoary spy-flick tropes, with a plot about a purloined computer program that can control all the globe's nuclear weapons. The software is called FireFall, but might as well be dubbed Skyfall.
Spider's Web is the second English-language movie derived from characters created by Stieg Larsson in his "Millennium" trilogy. All three books were adapted for the screen in the author's native Sweden, but only The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was filmed by Hollywood. After the David Fincher-directed 2011 remake was deemed a financial disappointment, the series' American owners decided to skip to the fourth published novel, penned by David Lagercrantz after Larsson's death.
Don't blame Lagercrantz for the movie's scenario, though. Scripters Fede Alvarez (who also directed), Jay Basu, and Steven Knight have significantly changed the book's story, smoothing jagged edges while adding elements familiar from dozens of multinational spy/hacker/satellite thrillers, most of them PG-13 rather than Spider's Web's kinky R. Even if you've never seen a Dragon Tattoo movie, you've seen most of this one before.
Salander is still a feral loner and omniscient hacker who smokes a lot, rocks an Italian motorcycle, and dresses all in punky black. She plunders computers for money, and dispenses rough justice pro bono. After a prologue set in her tortured girlhood, the adult Salander is introduced while pummeling a wife-beater — and his bank account.
Then it's on to the main event, which reintroduces Salander to her journalist ally and sometime lover, Mikael Blomkvist (Sverrir Gudnason, slimmer, younger, and blander than the Swedish actor who originated the part). They team up to find Frans Balder (Stephen Merchant), a Swedish former NSA programmer who's returned to an English-speaking Stockholm with his young math-savant son (Christopher Convery). Balder coded FireFall, the program everyone wants.
The most significant of those everyones are Edwin Needham (Lakeith Stanfield) and a mysterious red-clad blonde villain (Sylvia Hoeks) who emerges from Salander's ink-black past. He's an American NSA computer wizard who also boasts the battle skills of a special-forces operative. She's the ruthless boss of a gang of Russo-Scandinavian thugs known as the Spiders and also — well, you can probably guess, but it's supposed to be a surprise.
The action is brisk enough for, say, a Lara Croft movie, and is jolted occasionally by the sort of baroque sadism the original trilogy so relished. There are explosions, chase scenes, and multiple druggings, as well as a few hair-raising laptop downloads.
Alvarez amuses himself — and the movie's more visually oriented viewers — with multiple rhyming scenes. Falls, fires, spiders, and chess games all recur. If this twinning gambit is more playful than profound, it suits a movie that's both narratively and conceptually repetitive.
Laura Jane Grace & The Devouring Mothers' album Bought to Rot is on our list of the best new albums out Nov. 9.
This week's best new albums includes emo-rapper Lil Peep's posthumous follow-up to Come Over When You're Sober, 50th-anniversary editions of Jimi Hendrix's Electric Ladyland and The Beatles "White Album," a labor of love from the late soul singer Charles Bradley, rock with a wink from Laura Jane Grace & The Devouring Mothers, the music of Hanson set to strings and more.
Other Notable Releases For Nov. 9: The Beatles: The Beatles ("The White Album"); J. Fernandez: Occasional Din; J. Mascis: Elastic Days; Muse: Simulation Theory; Tom Adams: Yes, Sleep Well Death, boygenius: boygenius (physical release); Rays: You Can Get There From Here; Imagine Dragons: Origins
"Why do you necessarily have to be wrong just because a few million people think you are?" Frank Zappa
For a long time my old phone has been way past retirement. It was a Qtec 2020 (I believe). I've always loved smartphones and hated the glorified music players (e.g. Sony Ericsson). I don't see the point in the fancy music player phones, but that is probably because I'm perfectly happy with my iPod and have no plans of replacing it for something less cool.
Anyways, the Qtec acted up a long time ago. I used it as my organiser, phone and GPS for the car. When it suddenly started losing all its memory and at the same time I misplaced my stylus, I thought that it was high time to get a new phone. So this time I decided not to get a smartphone (mostly because the complete lack of market for smartphones in Denmark - this makes it very expensive!). Instead I got myself a Nokia 6120 with all the latest services provided on the 3G network (Skype, MSN, MobileTV, etc).
So far I'm loving the phone! It is fully compatible with Java MIDP 2.0 - so I'll have to get cracking with Java ME to make some applications soon. Can anybody recommend a good starting point for Java ME programming? My background in Java is purely enterprise and web. NetBeans got some cool mobile development aids that I'll be trying out - but I'd really like to know the basics before I start all the dragging and dropping. In anycase I think this is a good place to start: NetBeans 6.0 Mobility Documentation. It's got a pretty good tutorial for creating a mobile Dilbert browser.
The latest designs that propel high street fashion in leading international markets will be on display later this month at a rare exposition of current production styles and exclusive in-house designs by Brandix, Sri Lanka's top apparel exporter.
Billed to be 'a veritable feast for the eyes,' the Brandix fashion show will be the opening segment of the Industry Fashion Show that follows the Ethical Fashion Symposium at the Mount Lavinia Hotel on the third day of the Sri Lanka Design Festival 2009 (November 27 - December 6).
As the Main Sponsor of the festival, Brandix will play a key role in showcasing to local and foreign visitors the depth of design and production capabilities that have resulted in the Group becoming a preferred supplier to some of the world's top apparel labels, as well as the ethical and environmental best practices that underpin its business, Ms. Solani De Silva, Head of Marketing at Brandix Lanka Limited, said.
"Brandix is a committed subscriber to Sri Lanka's 'Garments without Guilt' initiative, and has a world first in eco-friendliness to its credit," she said. "It is most appropriate therefore that the Brandix show will be one of the highlights of a day dedicated to ethical fashion."
"Brandix is a committed subscriber to Sri Lanksa's 'Garments without Guilt' initiative, and has a world first in eco-friendliness to its credit," she said. "It is most appropriate therefore that the Brandix show will be one of the highlights of a day dedicated to ethical fashion."
"From an industry and buyer standpoint, design and development are also critical areas of focus in the global apparel market, and Brandix has invested substantially in developing local design capabilities to service the needs of global vendors. The Brandix design collection will therefore be a revelation for local and foreign viewers," Ms. De Silva disclosed.
Both the sleepwear and lounge categories of the Brandix design collection will showcase the breadth and versatility that its customers have come to expect; offering season-less key items as well as fashion pieces influenced by the latest trends.
Casualwear channels the urban nomad with utilitarian details and experimental finishes, while lounge, influenced by the latest global street trends, sparkles with youthful energy -- from its oversized, bling hoodies to low crotch harem pants; the focus is on comfort and movement without compromising style.
Taking its cue from 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' - the sleepwear and lingerie segment is inspired by the fluidity of its core fabrication -- satin, coupled with airy sheers and dainty, ethereal laces. The emphasis is on fashionable shapes and diaphanous fabrics with attention to detail. From intricate lace appliqué to laser cut technology, the look is sophisticated and seductive yet still playful and fresh.
"A vibrant colour palette of saturated brights and neons will create a veritable feast for the eyes," Ms. De Silva added.
This is the fourth consecutive year that Brandix has come forward to support the apparel industry by sponsoring a fashion show that stimulates in house talent and supports local designers. The previous shows supported by Brandix, 'Fashion Statement 06,' 'Fashion Statement 07' and 'Colombo Vogue Fashion Statement 08' were resounding successes.
Organized by the Academy of Design-in association with Sri Lanka Apparel, the EDB and the Ministry of Industrial Development - with the objectives of exemplifying and gaining international acknowledgment for Sri Lankan art and design, the Sri Lanka Design Festival seeks to provide a blend of artistic, principled and imaginative fashion shows, conferences, design exhibitions and workshops, all based on the fascinating craft heritage of Sri Lanka and its manufacturing industry. The festival's role is to link the country's creative culture with a specifically invited global audience.
The pioneer of the concept of 'total solutions' in Sri Lanka's apparel sector, Brandix is also a benchmark and international award winner for eco-friendly manufacture and commitment to environmental best practice. The Group's core CSR programme, revolving around the central theme of water and sanitation, has provided clean water supply infrastructure to thousands of needy families throughout the whole of Sri Lanka. Brandix was also the first apparel manufacturer to support the government's efforts to rebuild the economy of the eastern province when it invested Rs 250 million in a factory at Punani in the Batticaloa District.
A preferred solutions provider to some of the world's leading apparel brands, including Gap, Marks & Spencer, Victoria's Secret, NEXT, Lands' End, Abercrombie & Fitch, Old Navy and Tommy Hilfiger, the Brandix Group specializes in casual bottoms, intimate and active wear, textiles, knitted fabrics, sewing and embroidery thread, accessories and hangers, and also offers wet processing and finishing and fabric printing.
Brandix to Collaborate with Accenture to Improve Operational Efficiency Through Business Process Outsourcing Agreement In Sri Lanka
President Mahinda Rajapaksa uses an iPad to switch on an innovative 3D video mapping technique at Sri Lanka Expo 2012.
Being the sole survivor of humanity’s first bloody encounter with the alien Vacra had cost Gant Maker his military career. However, upon the Vacra’s return, Maker is reinstated and ordered to hunt this enemy down on a distant world.
Assisted by a band of military rejects (including a blind sharpshooter, an unstable psychic, and a genetically-engineered killing machine who refuses to fight), Maker’s only counter to the Vacra’s superior weapons and technology is an audacious plan that just may level the playing field – if it doesn’t get everyone killed.
When a meteor storm knocks out the power grid, the supernaturally gifted become pawns in humanity’s struggle for survival.
A high school student named Steve is pulled across the veil separating the worlds of Earth and Mithal in the hope he is the legendary Third Power. His coming foretold by prophecy, he is believed to possess a unique magic that can heal the supernatural sickness ravaging the land and combat the Second Power, a sorcerer who channels the might of Hell itself. With his abilities growing faster than his control, Steve must become a healer to end the plague, a statesman to unite the races, a warrior to lead the Resistance and, ultimately, discover the truth about himself or sacrifice them all.
Take flight with all new and exclusive stories that are out of this world, including full-length novels from some of today’s most popular names in science fiction and fantasy!
From magnificent dragons, bloodthirsty aliens, and mad genetic engineers to intergalactic wars, magical curses, and fantastical worlds, you’ll find everything you’ve been waiting for in this heart-stopping, limited edition collection.
With over 100 hours of reading, you’ll be able to travel to faraway lands and distant planets. A safe return cannot be guaranteed.
But, the life of a god is not all heavenly. Timurud must protect weak and powerless civilizations against ferocious galactic empires. His first mission is to defend the peaceful and unarmed Sferogyl race against the Maggotroll Empire, warlike hominids who come to enslave the Sferogyls and capture their planet.
Fighting is the only solution to stay free, but the Sferogyls have no space warships. How will Timurud help them out?
Paradise isn’t all it’s cracked up to be. Reaper Eden Hunter would know: she spends her days working for a local vampire warlord, harvesting the souls of the recently departed. But even bad situations can get worse. And when a body washes up on shore near Eden’s secluded beachfront villa, the former con artist finds herself under investigation by the FBI.
But Eden’s not concerned about being charged with murder. She’s got a bigger secret she needs to keep quiet. It’s why she’s living miles from anyone else, even on an island that appears on no map. If that secret gets out, the fate awaiting her is far worse than life in prison. Too bad the FBI won’t stop digging until it might be too late…
Alis was a quiet librarian at the campus library of the School of Spells & Magic – that is, until the sword wielding buffoon Cahan had the audacity to battle a dragon in her library! Now she’s following him off on some foolhardy adventure. As they try to save the university from the mysterious Formless, she fights an equally important battle – to maintain her self respect!
Have you seen The Art of Desire by Chere Feather? I want this book. Badly! Go read the excerpt at TGTBTU. That’s what made me want it. Museum director Mandy Cooper is obsessed with nineteenth-century artist Catherine Burke—and the artist’s erotically charged relationship with Atacar, her enthralling American Indian lover. But Mandy’s link to the […]
Posted April 16, 2008 by Book Binge Guest Blogger in Reviews | Tagged: 4.25 Reviews, Anita Blake, Berkley, Guest Reviews, Melissa's Reviews, Paranormal, Reviews | 6 Comments
The Laughing Corpse is the second book in the Anita Blake series. I enjoyed the first, the second is just as good, and now I’m hooked. This is another piece of Anita’s life, and what she is up against. Anita is a very busy girl: she raises the dead to pay her bills, works on the […]
Posted January 24, 2008 by Holly in Reviews | Tagged: 5.0 Reviews, Berkley, Berkley Sensation, Holly's Reviews, Meljean Brook, Reviews, The Guardians | 6 Comments
I have to start out by saying…I love that cover. Love it. I’ve spent more time than is healthy over at Meljean Brook’s website staring at it. Seriously. She was totally blessed by the powers that be in the cover department. Lucky girl. I’m a Meljean Brook fangirl. I loved her first book in The […]
Posted January 16, 2008 by Rowena in Reviews | Tagged: 4.0 Reviews, Berkley, Berkley Sensation, Contemporary, Meljean Brook, Paranormal, Rowena's Reviews, The Guardians | 10 Comments
Man, I fell into a bit of a reading funk when I was in the middle of this book and I thought it was because I didn’t like this book but that wasn’t the case, the reason it took me so long to read this book is because I kept losing it. It kept pissing […]
Posted January 16, 2008 by Ames in Reviews | Tagged: 4.0 Reviews, Berkley, Lucy Monroe, Paranormal, Reviews | 9 Comments
Book Description: When Emily Hamilton’s family is ordered to send a woman to the Scottish highlands for marriage to the laird of the Sinclair, Emily volunteers in order to save her younger sister from such a fate. But at her new home, the only friend she finds is the laird’s sister-especially after Emily’s stubborn streak […]
A few posts ago I mentioned I was busy making clothes for my 1:12 doll stories. Then I read a reply by Zdollcloset using the words "fashion show!" Show?! I scurried around grabbing fabric Scarlet O'hara style in reverse and made some curtains.
The styrofoam was in my view. Quick get the wallpaper book out and see if you have anything to match the curtains and the animal print "carpet". Ahhhh just right. I glued it on the runway, next put palm tree candle holders in place and went to get the models.
Well, remember I made you promise not to laugh. Here is my fashion show with a few of the outfits I made.
I didn't make the blouse, but made then added the burgundy velvet pencil skirt for a professional look.
This is a genuine leather jacket I made some time ago. It goes well with the gold trimmed knit dress underneath. If you look closely you can see the gold button accent on the jacket.
I'm so sorry, he felt there should be male representation with all of the lovely ladies. He grabbed his vest before it was finished! I think someone told him his bow legs were sexy or something.
I thoroughly enjoyed the fashion show. I think the purple ensemble was my favorite. I like the male outfit. Bow legs and all! Poor bride. LOL! She is having some issues.
Vanessa, I am glad you enjoyed the show and the outfits. I hope to get them into their doll stories within the next month.
I like the fashion show. The dress with the gold trim is my favorite. When will there be a next one?
What I know about dollies, they are always thrilled with new clothing. They seem to be very happy with your efforts. The purple one is my favorite.
Be sure, that Mature ass sex galleries sex movie will make you horny as hell as you'll wanna get more. Feel free to watch all clips presented on bigboobsporn.info and to save them on your device.
Abstract: An invaluable portion of scientific data occurs naturally in text form. Given a large unlabeled document collection, it is often helpful to organize this collection into clusters of related documents. By using a vector space model, text data can be treated as high-dimensional but sparse numerical data vectors. It is a contemporary challenge to efficiently preprocess and cluster very large document collections. In this paper we present a time and memory efficient technique for the entire clustering process, including the creation of the vector space model. This efficiency is obtained by (i) a memory-efficient multi-threaded preprocessing scheme, and (ii) a fast clustering algorithm that fully exploits the sparsity of the data set. We show that this entire process takes time that is linear in the size of the document collection. Detailed experimental results are presented — a highlight of our results is that we are able to effectively cluster a collection of 113,716 NSF award abstracts in 23 minutes (including disk I/O costs) on a single workstation with modest memory consumption.
@book{dhillon2001efficient, author = "Inderjit S. Dhillon AND Yuqiang Guan AND J. Fan", title = "Efficient Clustering of Very Large Document Collections", booktitle = "Data Mining for Scientific and Engineering Applications", publisher = "Kluwer Academic Publishers", publisher = "Kluwer Academic Publishers", page = "357–381", chapter = "20", year = "2001", note = "; Invited chapter", abstract = "An invaluable portion of scientific data occurs naturally in text form. Given a large unlabeled document collection, it is often helpful to organize this collection into clusters of related documents. By using a vector space model, text data can be treated as high-dimensional but sparse numerical data vectors. It is a contemporary challenge to efficiently preprocess and cluster very large document collections. In this paper we present a time and memory efficient technique for the entire clustering process, including the creation of the vector space model. This efficiency is obtained by (i) a memory-efficient multi-threaded preprocessing scheme, and (ii) a fast clustering algorithm that fully exploits the sparsity of the data set. We show that this entire process takes time that is linear in the size of the document collection. Detailed experimental results are presented — a highlight of our results is that we are able to effectively cluster a collection of 113,716 NSF award abstracts in 23 minutes (including disk I/O costs) on a single workstation with modest memory consumption." }
The Catholic Voice is moving out of the building it has called home for 51 years at 61st and Northwest Radial Highway in Omaha.
But it won’t be far away and will be easy to find as it joins other ministries of the archdiocese in Mercy Hall at 3300 N. 60th St.
As part of an archdiocesan review of its real estate holdings, the Northwest Radial property has been placed for sale. And the move was quickened by a widely-destructive June 29 hailstorm that heavily damaged the roof and sent water into several offices. Repair work on office ceilings will intensify once the building is vacated.
So the newspaper staff of seven will be in their new space effective Aug. 14, although comfortably settling into each office will take a bit longer.
But the staff is anxious to show off the new digs. To find us, watch for signs leading to the Catholic Voice, part of the Archbishop Daniel E. Sheehan Pastoral Center that includes the Archdiocesan Retreat Center, Center for Family Life Formation, Catholic Charities and other archdiocesan offices.
The newspaper’s new home in Mercy Hall also holds offices for Catholic Schools, Evangelization and Catechesis, Stewardship and Development and Victim Outreach and Prevention.
SAMSON-Phyllis E., 91. Funeral service May 30 at St. Pius X Church. Interment Calvary Cemetery. Preceded in death by husband, Harold. Survived by children and spouses, Joe and Patti, Scott, Robert and Margaret, Julie, and John and Megan Samson; eight grandchildren; eight great-grandchildren; nieces; nephews. Memorials to Nebraska Humane Society.
Sometimes I just want to quickly make a simple D3 JavaScript directed network graph with data in R. Because D3 network graphs can be manipulated in the browser–i.e. nodes can be moved around and highlighted–they're really nice for data exploration. They're also really nice in HTML presentations. So I put together a bare-bones simple function–called d3SimpleNetwork for turning an R data frame into a D3 network graph. ArgumentsBy bare-bones I mean other than the arguments indicating the Data data frame, as well as the Source and Target variables it only has three arguments: height, width, and file. The data frame you use should have two columns that contain the source and target variables. Here's an example using fake data:Source <- c("A", "A", "A", "A", "B", "B", "C", "C", "D") Target <- c("B", "C", "D", "J", "E", "F", &…
Social Business Engine The 3rd party retailer ships the order directly to the customer. Eagle Crystal Sculpture If their product listings are non-professional, you could market their products better, even on the same eBay site. GIMEE! Timothy C. Conklin The newly launched NAW Insurance Program offers healthcare and other insurance benefits to your company, your employees and their families through our partnership with Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Singleleaves GET STARTED » That being said, your ability to set your own prices and not have to worry about being price competitive should further ease any worries you have about how to start a dropship business. If you’ve calculated that it costs $15 to gain one customer with Facebook marketing, add $22 to the original AliExpress price and try to make the sale. You can increase your price as long as it makes sense for people to buy the product at that price. Learn how to source products from trusted suppliers However, Facebook advertising isn’t as easy as some people may think. Most successful campaigns are fueled with precise data, so the more information you have about your customers, the more likely you are to generate sales. Remember that dropshipping suppliers on AliExpress.com have very tight margins and understand them well, which is why a higher price normally means a better quality product. Get Help Or Contact Us Tools/Hardware Massachusetts	Massachusetts Office of Health and Human Services	https://checkalicense.hhs.state.ma.us/MyLicenseVerification/ Search.aspx?facility=Y Multimedia Dogs Interactive Guide If you are (or become) a successful retailer, you will have returns- it is part of the business. So knowing your supplier’s return policy and ensuring it does not hang you out to dry is a critical area in evaluating suppliers, especially dropship suppliers. Strategic Accounts Pricing Automations Clute, Texas Naturally, I opted to complete the tasks which had the highest impact first. I could complete these tasks within 40 minutes. Need Some Help? Baby Clothes | Childrens Clothing | Juniors | Leggings | Plus Size Clothing | Socks & Hosiery | T-Shirts | Womens Clothing ...
100	Key Stone Automotive	Car & Auto Dropshippers	USA	http://www.keystoneautomotive.com/Products/SalesSupport/DropShipping.aspx	Get the SD WAN facts before you buy Share Key Business Information All Rights Reserved. All prices shown in USD unless otherwise noted. Marketing costs. These costs can vary depending on the scale and methods you choose for marketing your online business. Social media, blogging, and email marketing are a few ways to market your products. Q. Does your new customer even know how to place an order? Join Modalyst When searching, you’ll always want to use a variety of terms like wholesaler, wholesale dropship, drop shipper, supplier, wholesale reseller, wholesale supplier etc. Collective Fab is a massive supplier of fashion and beauty products located in California and they specialize in meeting the constant changing trends and demands of the fashion industry. They possess a catalogue of over 3,500 items which you can curate and add to your Shopify store within a couple of clicks. Included in their inventory of products they carry shoes, clothes, plus sizes, accessories, swimwear and beauty products and all products are shipped directly to your customers, with your business info, from their facility in California. Fast Furnishings provides quality home furnishings at affordable prices. Contact them directly for more information about their furniture dropshipping program. Computer parts and accessories can be great for your drop shipping business, especially if you get a good drop shipping company with sales reps that really know their stuff. Culture Club & Careers View our Supplier Directory, Integrations, & Automation Tools Many thanks and I hope this request is acceptable. If you need me to drop you any further details by email I will gladly do that. HOW MANY SQUARE FEET?: Greenville - 5:30 PM Pillow Profit’s Fulfillment Pricing 4) Retargeting on Autopilot by Shoelace Oil Warmers What Shopify customers have to say about Ordoro Spring Industry Snapshot Flea Market Zone Now that its 2018, this is a bit different, however, the model still works. Adding a New License Dallas ECD Location Become a Retailer Air Grinders The site has a large collection of goods and suppliers, but there is not an option for low- or no-minimum orders. Auto Maintenance and Care Read on to learn if this app is a good integration for your store. Our Process and Practices What is Drop Shipping? The Definitive Guide (2018) Mental Health Synonym: bulk supply I am about starting an online store in Nigeria and I need drop shipper that can supply my clients in Nigeria. Schiefelbein: Where else do you see value in the market today? Where else does your fund focus? Ecommerce Platforms is a review site that shows the good, great, bad, and ugly of online store building software. We strive to provide easy to read reviews that will help you choose which ecommerce platform is right for you. We maintain an affiliate relationship with some of the products reviewed as well, which means we get a percentage of a sale if you click over from our site (at no cost to our readers). Feel free to follow us on Twitter, comment, question, contact and ENJOY. Product range. You want a supplier that offers plenty of products to increase the chances that you’re able to find a variety of products that suit your niche. Customer Testimonials and Success Stories Main Control Outdoor Lighting Switches peshtemalart Hi Alick, On the inventory, leave it blank. Since you don’t have the physical products in hand, you don’t have to track inventory. returns and exchanges Introduction to Inventory Control Honey-Free If you want to see wholesaler backend, you can access this store admin by going here: SourceDirect 20% margin. Dropshipping is a testing game. Once you test and you start selling, you just scale the ads into more money. Maybe shipping that far costs too much, or maybe storage prices are too high to justify setting up a new shipping center. Epicor’s annual user conference provides more than 500 sessions for attendees, as well as the opportunity to ask questions and provide feedback to all levels of Epicor management. Français International Programs Can the recipient of a dropshipping delivery see the cost prices? Naturally, I opted to complete the tasks which had the highest impact first. I could complete these tasks within 40 minutes. When a customer makes an order on your site, the seller will be notified through Modalyst and they can start preparing the item to be shipped but before they ship the item, however, you will have to purchase the product on Modalyst from the seller. This means that the process is not entirely automated and may be time consuming depending on how many orders you receive. Support Home Toll Free: 1.800.392.5156 Tools for Sellers Better Customer Service Popular Articles document.readyState === "interactive" || document.readyState === "complete" ? callback() : document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", callback); Toy Wholesale & Dropship Suppliers Technology and Professional Services This is the first step that you’ll take towards opening your Shopify dropshipping store. Here are some top tips for coming up with a name for your online store: From EDI to FTP, we can handle whatever file type or technology you require. We’ve never turned away a customer due to incompatibility. marketing techniques | teachers make money online marketing techniques | make good money from home marketing techniques | how to make make money online
Metallica just wrapped up a grueling two-year tour behind 2008's Death Magnetic, but in May they'll head back into the studio to begin a new project. "We want to record it in two weeks," guitarist Kirk Hammett tells Rolling Stone. "We had planned on doing it in March, but we pushed it back to May. I don't want to give too much away, but it's not really 100 percent a Metallica record. It's a recording project, let's put it that way. Without getting too deep into it, it's more a recording project than a bona fide Metallica album. Whether or not we can pull it off in just two weeks remains to be seen."
"You've probably heard us all say it . . . the vibe was just so incredible at last year's Big 4 shows that we can't stop now!! So we're finally bringing the love to our home turf on April 23, 2011 with 'Tallica, Slayer, Megadeth, and Anthrax in Indio, CA at the Empire Polo Club (yes, the more observant of you will note that this is the same spot where the Coachella Festival takes place the weekend before).
It's true - this is indeed the only scheduled stop in America this go around, so we're hoping that you can head West to join us. Tickets go on sale this Friday, January 28 at 10 AM PST and Fan Club members can check MetClub.com for pre-sale and VIP package info.
For more info about the show, including ticket pricing and transportation information, check out TheBig4Festival.com"
Metallica along with Slayer, Megadeth and Anthax will be playing this summer in the U.K and France as part once again of the Sonisphere Festival, dates are as follows:
This wall mount, gracefully curved Chelsea model has a sleek contemporary design that will make a statement in any room. It works with any décor. The dancing flames you will have will create a warm, mellow, luxurious atmosphere. It will create a focal point of distinction in your living room, bedroom, family room, dining room… anywhere you wish to enjoy a fire. Easy to install on the wall and all mounting hardware is included.
My Chelsea fireplace has finally arrived. I am so excited. It is beautiful and better looking than it appears on line. I can't wait to finish the remodel of the master bedroom so I can see the whole look that I have envisioned since beginning my quest for a wall mount stainless steel fireplace. Way to go Metro Fireplace...I am a fan!
Price From Price From$5,000$10,000$15,000$20,000$25,000$30,000$35,000$40,000$45,000$50,000$55,000$60,000$65,000$70,000$75,000$80,000$85,000$90,000$95,000$100,000$120,000$140,000$160,000$180,000$200,000
Price To Price To$5,000$10,000$15,000$20,000$25,000$30,000$35,000$40,000$45,000$50,000$55,000$60,000$65,000$70,000$75,000$80,000$85,000$90,000$95,000$100,000$120,000$140,000$160,000$180,000$200,000+
An excellent 94m2 ground level professional office in a prime central CBD position, easily accessible with plenty of customer parking and staff parking. Includes over $60,000 of fit-out consisting of 4 separate offices, meeting room, large open plan work station area, reception, kitchenette, reverse cycle ducted air-conditioning and phone and data cabling. Easy customer access and parking, adjoining a large long-established travel agency and financial services business. Ideal for any professional business operation or service although it can also be converted to suit a retail business. - 100m2 ground level - Includes over $60,000 in modern professional fit-out - 4 separate offices - Meeting room - Open plan workstation area - Reception - Kitchenette - Ducted reverse cycle air conditioning - Phone and data cabling throughout - Easy customer access and parking - Adjoins long established professional businesses - Short stroll to banks, café’s, restaurants, government offices and more - Vacant possession available - Realistically priced to sell by motivated owners This property has a 3D showcase and a Video which you can view by clicking on the View Tour button (or visiting https://my.matterport.com/show/?m=YSHE2cqtoCT) How to Navigate the Matterport 3D Tour - To click through the tour yourself, simply double click (or double tap on mobile/tablet) on the white circles located on the floors throughout the property. You can look around the room by dragging either your mouse or your finger around the screen - If you want the tour to run you through the property itself, simply click the play button located on the bottom right hand side of the tour. At any time, you can pause the walkthrough and look around the room by dragging either your mouse or your finger around the screen - To see the “Dollhouse” view of the home, click the icon that looks like a floorplan. Right click on your mouse to drag the Dollhouse View around. To return to the tour, click on the icon that looks like a person. - To view the floorplan, click the icon that looks like a floorplan (which will take you to the Dollhouse View), and then click the “Floorplan” button. To return to the tour, click on the icon that looks like a person Disclaimer: Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information provided. All interested parties should undertake their own inquiries inspections and searches as to the accuracy of this information. First National disclaim any implied warranty or representation about its accuracy, completeness or appropriateness for any particular purpose. This includes but is not limited to information provided by any third party.
- Take advantage of historically low rates and buy instead of leasing - Full make good completed by outgoing tenant, no money to spend - Can occupy in full or partially for additional income generation - Approx 600m2 high quality office fit out over two levels - Small warehouse area for car parking or storage with roller door - Ability to park up to nine cars (in tandem format) - Ideal for medical based business - RBH only 1.5km - 400m2 to Airport link connecting ICB - Brisbane wide access - Only 3km to Brisbane CBD Situated on a prominent corner position in Windsor this freehold commercial offering a high quality office fit out across two levels. Perfect for Medical based businesses needing quick access to the RBH, the property has been home to Q-scan head office for the past 5 years. It offers a high quality fit out across both levels including open plan and partitioned meetings rooms along with training area upstairs. The location also benefits from immediate access to the Airport link & ICB, perfect for those with Interstate/International staff/customers or those requiring quick access to the southern side of Brisbane. There are four sail covered car parks but the ability to park another 4 in tandem, then one in the warehouse.
Liberty Oil Holdings Pty Ltd is a private company that derives the majority of its revenue from operating as a petroleum products provider, fuel products carrier and developer of depots, service stations and terminals for resale. The company employs approximately 180 people across its operations in Australia and is headquartered in Hawthorn East, Victoria. Liberty Oil is jointly-owned by New World Holdings Pty Ltd and Viva Energy Australia Ltd, the latter’s ultimate parent being Vitol Investment Partnership Limited, a partnership company between Vito and Shell. Liberty Oil Holdings Pty Ltd provides fuel to independent retailers and wholesalers across Australia. The company also operates as a carrier of fuel products and developer of depots, service stations and terminals for resale. Liberty Oil supplies the following range of fuel products: - Unleaded petrol - Unleaded E10 petrol - Premium unleaded petrol 95 - PremiuMAX 98 - Ultra low sulphur diesel - B5 Biodiesel (solely in NSW) - Alpine diesel - Household kerosene - Heating oil Plus - Annual CPI Reviews - 100m of road frontage - Built 2017 $292,000 net after land tax approximately. The Northern end of the Gold Coast is one of the fastest growing areas in Australia, enhancing the viability of this excellent investment.
First National Real Estate Surfers Paradise is pleased to offer a unique opportunity to acquire a full freehold Surfers Paradise beachside apartment complex comprising of 18 residential apartments on behalf of the building body corporate. - Total land area approx 1,932m2 - North-East corner position opposite beachfront - 3 level walk up residential block of 18 apartments - Mix of spacious 2 and 3 bedroom apartments - Secure basement car park plus visitor parking - Solid income stream, well constructed block - Redevelopment high rise apartments or hotel - Expressions of Interest, written offers submitted For further information please contact the exclusive marketing agents.
- Licensed restaurant (now vacant) - Net income : $96,286 pa (previous rent) - Seating approx. 120 people plus footpath dining - Fully enclosed office & storage area under - Includes a vacant rear block of 304m² (3 Egbert St) - Potential for further development A very rare opportunity to own a well-established, freehold property in West End. The property is located in the heart of trendy and fast growing West End, just 2kms from Brisbane CBD.
This almost new office investment was designed to be split into 2 offices if required. With a 5 star presentation and entrance off the "Belise"Hotel reception and lobby areas - you will be impressed! Even better is the 40 m2 exclusive covered deck area, easily accessed from the beautifully lit offices with high ceilings. Solid Real estate agent with a 3 + 3 + 3 lease commenced June 2017 Current rent includes the 5 carparks at $69,300 gross per annum plus GST Outgoings: Body Corporate $ 285 per annum Council Rates $ 2132 per annum State Gov Charges $ 1065 per anum Urban Utilities $552 per annum Net Income of $65,271 per annum plus GST
Situated in popular location this commercial strip block of shops is on 1521m2 with rear carpark and 2 houses on rear street with 1551m2 so a total of 3072m2 of prime real estate in sought after area. Opportunities to develop Residential behind or hold. Contact Anthony Conias on 0408 266 427
- Turn Key Operation - On Site Security - Easy Run Business - Newly built and High Standard A unique opportunity to purchase this newly built storage facility located in one of Brisbane’s Southside suburbs. Has large modern office and full security. With 309 existing facilities currently available and with a small improvement, a total of 333 sheds would be available. Located over 2 lots and only opening late 2015 with huge potential, your opportunity now exists to trade up and benefit from the rewards. Opportunity in place to construct 'Block G' and increase Revenue.
Expressions of Interest Closing 31st of May 2018 (unless sold prior). Extremely rare opportunity to secure a full floor in this boutique, blue chip CBD commercial building. - Large 7th level combined 448m2 floor plan total (2 lots) - Lot 19 - 315m2 + Lot 20 - 133m2 - Lot 19 Currently tenanted with professional partial office fit-out - Lot 20 Vacant – perfect for owner occupier or could be fully let - 10 secure underground car parks - Central Business location – Great returns, plus owner occupier opportunity - Genuine vendor instructs sell ‘33 Elkhorn’ is an A grade central Surfers Paradise Commercial building with some of the city’s leading professional firms trading from the 8 levels of strata titled offices. The building features a ground level foyer and 2 levels of basement security car parks. The property is for sale through an expression of interest campaign closing the 31st of May 2018. The property can be sold prior to the closing date. Contact the exclusive agents to arrange a private inspection and a full copy of the information memorandum.
Welcome to the Iowa Department of Transportation's public platform for exploring and downloading open data. The Iowa DOT is committed to providing the traveling public, lawmakers and partners with easy to understand information that demonstrates how we are managing the state’s transportation infrastructure. We are working hard to maximize the performance of our existing structures, minimize costs and improve the public’s experience when traveling in Iowa. We are continuously developing new tools to help our stakeholders clearly see how we are performing.
"}},"width":12,"showEditor":false}]}]},{"containment":"fixed","isFooter":false,"style":{"background":{"isFile":false,"isUrl":true,"state":"","display":{},"transparency":0,"position":{"x":"center","y":"center"},"color":"transparent"}},"rows":[{"cards":[{"component":{"name":"markdown-card","settings":{"markdown":"## Special Announcement About Iowa DOT Services\n \nThe Iowa DOT is currently in the process of migrating most of their publicly-available REST Services from their on-premises ArcServer stacks to ArcGIS Online to improve performance and stability. ArcGIS Online-hosted Views are now available to use which will be supported long-term. In addition, we will be deprecating our ArcGIS Online-hosted Feature Collections we’ve been leveraging for some of our high-available services and replacing them with Views. All existing services and feature collections will be online until October 30, 2018. After that, we will be turning off about 30 services a month thru the end of December 2018 depending on importance and usage. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact Tom Samson"}},"width":12,"showEditor":false}]},{"cards":[{"component":{"name":"markdown-card","settings":{"markdown":"\n\n
View real-time data from our snowplow fleet, ITS devices (cameras and message signs), 511 events, surface/pavement, and more. Data in this category is updated at least once per day.
Includes data that is broken down and displayed by specific classifications such as right of way and rest areas, and data maintained inside the Roadway Asset Management System (RAMS).
View data on assets that have been identified for improvement through state/federal grant programs or the 5 year program.
Includes data for assets that are not broken down by specific classifications such as maintenance garages.
View active, abandoned, and historical rail lines, public roadway rail crossings, and grain elevators.
Winter Data services provide access to the information customers need to understand what the Iowa Department of Transportation is doing to keep roads accessible during inclement weather.
Apps provide simple access to information and tools for customers to better understand our datasets. Take a look at some of our applications to see examples of what you can create with our data.
So realistic that it looks fresh from the patch, this radiant hand-painted ceramic pumpkin is a gift of autumn that will brighten the season for years to come. Spectacular with flowers, it also makes a stunning display piece.
The bouquet you selected can be upgraded by one of our designers. Choose deluxe or premium if you would like to enhance your selection with more fresh flowers.
Please Note: If you are ordering roses, we will upgrade your vase and filler, but the number of roses will not change. .
There are three ways up to Castle View from the town of Castle Rock: Route 117, Pleasant Road, and the Suicide Stairs. Every day in the summer of 1974, twelve-year-old Gwendy Peterson has taken the stairs, which are held by strong, if time-rusted, iron bolts and zig-zag up the cliffside. Then one day when Gwendy gets to the top of Castle View, after catching her breath and hearing the shouts of kids on the playground below, a stranger calls to her. There on a bench in the shade sits a man in black jeans, a black coat, and a white shirt unbuttoned at the top. On his head is a small, neat black hat. The time will come when Gwendy has nightmares about that hat
When twelve-year-old Gwendy Peterson takes the stairs up the cliffside to Castle Rock, Maine, she encounters a mysterious stranger, who calls out to her wanting to talk
Carla Goad, Member » Resident of Benicia » Deputy Director, Contra Costa Health Services & MFT in Private Practice
It is a known fact that the strength of people working together in a harmonious and effective manner is pretty much stronger than that of the people working in isolation. The success of the company depends on how well they could maximize the potential of their employees. Any leader who is keen to develop amazing …
Аннотация к западному изданию: «Even before it was adapted into the Oscar-nominated film starring Juliette Binoche and Johnny Depp, Joanne Harris’s Chocolat entranced readers with its mix of hedonism, whimsy, and, of course, chocolate. Now, at last, Chocolat’s heroine returns to the beautiful French village of Lansquenet in another, equally beguiling tale.
When Vianne Rocher receives a letter from beyond the grave, she has no choice but to return to Lansquenet, where she once owned a chocolate shop and learned the meaning of home. But returning to one’s past can be a dangerous pursuit, and Vianne and her daughters find the beautiful French village changed in unexpected ways: women veiled in black, the scent of spices in the air, and—facing the church—a minaret. Most surprising of all, her old nemesis, Francis Reynaud, desperately needs her help. Can Vianne work her magic once again?»
The governor signed roughly 100 bills relating to education and children’s welfare by the Sunday deadline According to the program named the California College Promise, an additional 19,000 students may be entitled to a free first year of community college. The...
The 70-year-old U.S. Republican stated if he was elected governor of New Mexico he would ensure public education as a priority issue U.S. Representative Steve Pearce has distinguished himself in the 2018 gubernatorial race for two reasons: he is...
Students can learn to cooperate with each other and learn about the world around them through filmmaking, experts say Experts agree that filmmaking is an ideal tool to encourage students to work with each other, learn about a broad variety...
The Microsoft Co-Founder will invest the money in public education schools willing to develop and try new teaching approaches The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is no stranger to investing in public education: it has spent over $3 billion on...
We expected charismatic megafauna. That’s why we took bear spray, attached bear bells to our packs, put our food in a bear can, put anything else that might have any attractive odor to it at all in a bear bag and hung the lot from a tree. It’s also why, even with the bear spray, Amy insisted on sleeping with one of her trekking poles, as well, which she dubbed “Pokey.”
As much as we didn’t want to see a bear, Amy wanted badly to see a moose. Three years ago, when I first took her to Idaho and we made an abortive trip to Yellowstone (the roads in May were just to icy for comfort), she left disappointed. Coming up the canyon trail, we’d met many other hikers on their way out who’d talked about how many bears and moose they had seen.
We saw neither. A young hiker we met on the way out pointed to a pile of manure on the trail and announced it was moose scat, but given the number of horses we encountered, I rather doubt there were any antlers involved in the production of that fecal matter.
Even without the megafauna, we were not alone on the trail. There were the marmots, which I dubbed “midifauna” as they dashed away from us, their tails spinning comically. There were squirrels and songbirds—“minifauna.” And there were butterflies, “microfauna,” more varieties than we’d seen in one place outside of the Oregon Zoo exhibit, fluttering from flower to flower, pollinating with wild insect abandon; not to mention honeybees and bumblebees.
All these critters—birds, rodents, butterflies, bees—had animal charisma, evoking wonder and delight. The closest encounter I had with a creature, however, was with a decidedly non-charismatic yellowjacket, which stung me on the ankle as we were hiking on the plateau near The Wedge. Biting flies plagued us on our hike up the canyon to the point that we applied some potent insect repellant. At the lake where we made our second camp, mosquitoes led us to again apply the bug spray. The Wyoming wilderness is a wondrous place, but it does have its fair share of pests.
Making up for the lack of iconic megafauna were charismatic flora: wildflowers of every color imaginable, whole fields of yellow, purple, blue, red, and white. The larger flora did not impress nearly as much, but then, having so much experience of the rainforests of Oregon and Washington, we’ve become used to true megaflora, magnificent trees that shoot hundreds of feet into the air. In the Rockies, by contrast, trees are skinnier, shorter, even stunted. That doesn’t mean they’re lacking in strength: as in Utah, some of these slim trunks are hundreds, perhaps thousands, of years old. On the canyon trail I saw an aspen that had fallen across the trail and had been cut away by a ranger, and was stunned by how many rings I could see in a trunk I could encircle with the fingers of one hand. At our campsite we slept under a juniper that may have predated the presence of humans on this continent. And on our hike around the basin, the higher we climbed, the smaller the firs became, until they looked almost like bonsai trees: tiny yet mature, Christmas-sized pines that are probably older than I am.
It’s the lesson of life, a lesson I first internalized in Death Valley, where I saw marsh grasses growing out of Badwater, a brackish pond located at the lowest, hottest point in the United States. Life is a powerful force, a presence that inserts itself into the most hostile places imaginable. Life adapts, transforms, evolves, always seeking a way to triumph over adversity, to be fruitful, multiply, create a new generation to replace the old.
We were in this wilderness at a peak moment in its annual life cycle. Spring in the Tetons comes in August, and it comes profligately, in brilliant colors, giddying aromas, every living thing competing with every other living thing for the opportunity to create a new iteration of itself. The flowers, the insects, the birds, the squirrels, the marmots, all are exulting in the warmth, drinking deeply of the runoff until the streams run dry, pollinating, propagating, ejecting seed pods, laying eggs, gestating and birthing and nurturing while they can, before the early winter snows hit and it all grinds to a halt.
And in that winter dormancy, the trees carry on, laying a new ring so thin as to be nearly microscopic, some of them resembling driftwood more than living things.
Someday these trees will die, but it will not be soon. Unlike the redwoods and sequoias, the towering first of the coast, they have remained small, compact, braced against winds that would topple a Californian giant. Conserving resources, they live on, season upon season, year after year, surviving even wildfires.
There are many lessons to be learned from these trees, lessons I’d be happy to share; but not here. I am happy, instead, simply to marvel at the beauty I beheld in even the smallest things in the wilderness, and to hope that my life may be just a little as durable and colorful as theirs.
Then Jesus said to him, “Put your sword back into its place; for all who take the sword will perish by the sword." --Matthew 26:52
It's not over. Not nearly. There are still four insurgents occupying the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, begging on YouTube for backup, demanding full pardons before they will lay down their weapons and surrender to the authorities. Meanwhile, a right-wing organization called the Pacific Patriots Network has issued a "call to action" for militants to "peacefully" travel to Burns to protest the shooting of LaVoy Finicum following his attempt to evade a traffic stop.
So even with the occupation's ringleaders in custody, this is not over. There's no way of knowing whether the militant right wing community retains any enthusiasm for Ammon Bundy's nutty cause, and if anyone at all will respond to the PPN's appeal. More significantly, considering the almost instantaneous flood of furious reactions to Finicum's death, Bundy's Quixotic protest could give new life to these libertarian insurrectionists. In 1995, the Oklahoma City bombing, the worst act of domestic terrorism in the history of the United States was perpetrated by individuals with similar beliefs, moved to action by the deaths two years earlier of Branch Davidian members under siege by the FBI.
This is a nation birthed in black powder. The army of the American Revolution brought their own weapons with them. Recognizing the prominent role of the citizen militia in the nation's origins, the founders enshrined the militia in the Second Amendment. The American frontier grew at gunpoint, as less lethally-armed tribal people were ethnically cleansed to make way for white pioneers. American armament guaranteed that the Civil War would be a bloody conflict. That same armament won two world wars, and while it couldn't guarantee victory in guerilla wars in southeast Asia or the Middle East, it kept the body count ridiculously lopsided in favor of American troops. This country has more firepower than the rest of the world combined, and we use it freely to advance our interests beyond our borders.
We also use it on each other. Our police are better armed than the military of many other nations--but then, so are our criminals. Some American homes are so littered with guns that hundreds of children a year are either the perpetrators or the victims of unintentional play shootings. These same guns are favored tools for suicide, taking 20,000 lives a year for more irreversibly than other methods.
Ammon Bundy and his followers claimed to be peaceful protesters when they occupied the Malheur NWR, but they brought their guns with them, and displayed them prominently. LaVoy Finicum proudly wore a pistol on his hip, and was photographed during the protest sitting guard duty with a rifle in his lap. The official account of his death is that he was shot not for driving through a roadblock or endangering officers with his vehicle, but because he was reaching for that same gun he'd been photographed with so many times, after nearly a month of warning the authorities that he and his compatriots would escalate their protest to violence if those authorities attempted to arrest them.
This is the thing about weapons: they're meant to be used, and if they're used properly, they are lethal. The authorities practiced admirable restraint for weeks, but there was no way these militants could be contained without, at some point, a weapon being drawn, shots fired, and blood in the snow.
There's nothing new about the inevitability of bloodshed in any conflict involving weapons. The gospel of Matthew notes it in the story of Jesus' arrest on the Mount of Olives, a text more than two thousand years old. For most of my life (until today, actually), I had it in my mind that the quote was "Those who live by the sword shall die by the sword," but I was wrong. "Those who live by the sword" could refer simply to soldiers and other individuals who work with armaments on a regular basis. "Those who take up the sword," on the other hand, could include the guy next door who just keeps a handgun in his nightstand in the unlikely event of a home invasion. Just having that weapon in his house greatly increases its owners likelihood of dying by murder, suicide, or a gun-related accident.
And if you wear that weapon prominently, declare publicly your intent to use it if confronted by law enforcement officers, then reach for your weapon as you attempt to escape the vehicle you just crashed after running a blockade, it would be amazing if you didn't die in a hail of gunfire.
The Pacific Patriots Network's appeal to its members to descend upon Burns states repeatedly that this is to be a "PEACEFUL" protest, and to please respect the town's restriction on publicly carrying long guns. It says nothing about handguns, though.
There's a lot to worry about in these events: the growing militance of the gun-toting right wing; their blatant disregard for the laws of this nation; their contempt for the public who either created those laws or elected the officials who did; their confidence that the authorities who enforce them can be bullied into submission; the emergence of an entire class of politicians whose presidential campaigns pander to this same constituency, and who have not said a word about the occupation of a federal facility by members of that constituency; and finally, there's this:
LaVoy Finicum wrote a novel about his belief in the tyranny of a democratically elected government that has tied itself in knots avoiding even the most sensible of gun regulations. On its cover there's a picture of him wearing the same gun he was carrying when he died on Tuesday. The title of that novel implies where he and his movement are headed. I fear that the occupation of the Malheur NWR is just the beginning. I fear there will be more armed occupations, more gunfire, more deaths. And if Donald Trump is the Republican nominee for President, and loses the general election, the reaction will be swifter, crazier, and far bloodier than the Tea Party movement that has turned Capitol Hill into a place legislation goes to die.
In a country with 310 million privately owned guns, this could get really ugly overnight. This nation that has been living by the gun since its founding may very well perish by the gun.
You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean.
As a strategic guideline of Tampere University of Technology (TUT), management of industrial activities is acknowledged as one of the focal areas in research and education. The department supports organizations in their business renewal and generates new knowledge in order to enhance their competitiveness and sustainability.
Research Group on Financial Engineering at the Department of Industrial Management stands at the crossroads of financial engineering, data science and computing using computational methods with an emphasis on extensive use of real data providing robust and realistic solutions. We aim to develop new approaches to relax unrealistic assumptions that often are applied for the sake of soluble theoretical models over agreement with empirical data in the existing literature.
Prof. Juho Kanniainen, the Head of the Research Group, is coordinating two EU-projects: HPCFinance and BigDataFinance.
Department of Signal Processing (SGN) is part of the Faculty of Computing and Electrical Engineering. Signal processing has been chosen as one of the strategic top fields of research specially supported by TUT. We have here among the many active researcher groups The Signal Processing Algorithm Group (SPAG) twice elected as Academy of Finland Centre of Excellence.
We offer studies combining signal processing of e.g. audio, images, video and biological signals, and hardware and software systems related with them. Different digital signals such as speech in mobile phones, sound in CD and mp3 devices, images and video in digital cameras and television as well as signals in measurement systems can be analyzed and processed with means of signal processing.
About 170 people work on SGN. Our teaching personnel consists of about 20 people from which 15 are professors. Around 50 of our personnel is working on a M.Sc. thesis and roughly 85 on a Ph.D. thesis. In addition to the researchers, we hire yearly several students as research assistants or summer employees. Our researchers have been employed mainly to the industry and research institutes.
Nearly half of our personnel, researchers and students come from countries outside of Finland. Every year dozens of international specialists of signal processing visit our Tampere International Center for Signal Processing (TICSP) and our researchers often go and visit international universities and conferences. Our Department has an international and relaxed atmosphere.
We are a global financial institution with a strong European base, offering banking services. We draw on our experience and expertise, our commitment to excellent service and our global scale to meet the needs of a broad customer base, comprising individuals, families, small businesses, large corporations, institutions and governments. Our customers are at the heart of what we do.
Our more than 53,000 employees offer retail and commercial banking services to customers in over 40 countries. Our strengths include our well-known, strong brand with positive recognition from customers in many countries, strong financial position, omnichannel distribution strategy and international network. Moreover, ING is currently the number one ‘diversified financials’ company in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index.
The Department of Banking and Finance (DBF) is part of the University of Zurich. It scores among the leading Banking & Finance Departments in Europe, well connected with our counterparts worldwide. It aims at world class research in banking and finance. The research is relevant to industry, policy, and society as a whole. DBF possesses broad expert competences in the disciplines of banking, corporate finance, financial economics, and quantitative finance. We achieve our goals by appointing outstanding and internationally recognized scientists, creating the best possible research conditions, and promoting young talents. DBF offers bachelor, master and doctoral programs, complemented by various professional development programs. Our teaching is state of the art, both in terms of academic content and didactical means. DBF places great emphasis on an inter-disciplinary approach. We encourage critical, analytical, and creative thinking. DBF fosters value-oriented reflective capabilities, as well as global consciousness, social responsibility, and ethical awareness. More information at http://www.ibf.uzh.ch/
Jožef Stefan Institute (JSI) is the leading research institution for the natural sciences in Slovenia with over 900 researchers within 25 departments working in the areas of computer science, physics, and chemistry and biology. The Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, with approximately 40 researchers, is one of the largest European research groups working in the areas of machine learning, data mining, language technologies, semantic technologies and sensor networks. The key research direction is combining modern statistical data analytic techniques with more semantic/logic based knowledge representations and reasoning techniques with the purpose to make progress in solving complex problems such as text understanding, large scale probabilistic reasoning, building broad coverage knowledge bases, and dealing with scale.
AB is a leading investment-management firm with US$485 billion in client assets under management, as of 30 June 2015. We serve institutions around the world including pension plans, foundations, endowments, insurers, central banks, governments and sovereign wealth funds. Our broad array of services ranges from active management to customized liability-driven solutions and encompasses fixed income, equities, alternatives, multi-asset strategies, dynamic asset allocation and passive indexing, across global, regional and local markets. At AB we strive to keep our clients ahead with our forward-looking global perspective, independent research and investment discipline across all asset classes.
Center for Research in Econometric Analysis of Time Series, CREATES (DNRF78), is a research unit at Aarhus University, hosted by the Department of Economics and Business Economics. Research is conducted within the general fields of time series and financial econometrics. The center is funded as a Center of Excellence by the Danish National Research Foundation via a DKK 80.2m (Euro 10.7m) grant on top of the funding from the host institution. The funding period covers a 10-year period 2007-2017. CREATES’ core group of members are affiliated with Aarhus University. A number of international research fellows (many of Danish origin), are associated with CREATES. The research at CREATES is characterized by interdisciplinary collaboration amongst economists, econometricians, and mathematical statisticians.
The University of Manchester (UoM) is the largest in the UK and one of the largest in Europe with over 40,000 students and 11,000 staff. It was formed in 2004 by the merger of the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology (UMIST, est. 1824) and the Victoria University of Manchester (est. 1851). UoM has 25 Nobel laureates among its past and present students and staff, the fourth-highest number of any single UK university; four Nobel laureates are currently among its staff – more than any other UK university.
The School of Computer Science (SCS) at Manchester is the oldest and one of the largest in the UK, with almost 1,000 full-time students. It traces its history to 1948 with the development of the world’s first stored program computer; Alan Turing, a founder of computer science, was later Deputy Director of the Computing Laboratory working on artificial intelligence and the Turing Test. SCS was ranked 4th for research quality in Computer Science in the 2014 UK research evaluation, and has been ranked in the top 10 European universities for Computer Science throughout the period 2009-14 by the Academic Ranking of World Universities. SCS holds the UK Centre of Doctoral Training in Computer Science, funded by the UK EPSRC research council.
Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas.
Nobody likes waiting. Techila is a distributed computing middleware and management solution, which brings rocket speed to computing. It is designed to save the time of business users and IT experts time and to speed up the idea-to-deployment cycle across the enterprise.
As the need for computing grows across industries, high-performance computing needs to serve a wider audience. Not all of them familiar with HPC technologies. Techila provides standard simulation and modeling tools hundred folds speed-up, simple user-experience and deployment in minutes.
Techila enables applications to benefit of the computing power available in the customer’s current and future computing servers and clusters, and even to include capacity from the customer’s trusted cloud providers. By using Techila, even existing applications can be integrated easily and securely, delivering an unparalleled experience without complexity.
Olsen Ltd is an asset management and econometrics company, founded in 1985 (successor of Olsen & Associates). During the past 30 years, Olsen has developed its own technologies for collecting, filtering financial data, inaugurating what was one of the world’s largest repositories of research-quality, tick-by-tick FX data. In 1996, Olsen has launched OANDA, an Internet market maker in foreign exchange, the first trading platform with second-by-second interest payments, since then becoming a leading provider of currency-related tools and services. Olsen has pioneered high frequency finance, a new discipline with a bottom up approach to economic and financial modelling; the team published “Introduction to High Frequency Finance” (Olsen et. al. 2001), a standard textbook used by quantitative hedge funds.
The department of Computer Science provides world-class research and education in modern computer science to foster future science, engineering and society. The work combines fundamental research with innovative applications.
The department is known for its innovative and consistently high quality work. It is matching the very best teams in the world and is a coveted partner in international collaborations. Research at the department addresses and solves challenging problems of high practical relevance with revolutionary applications.
The Numerical Algorithms Group (NAG) provides high quality numerical software and delivers high performance computing (HPC) services. NAG works closely with world-leading researchers in academia and industry to create powerful, accurate and flexible numerical software.
In financial services the NAG Library is embedded in most investment banks main quant libraries where the NAG components are used as building blocks. The NAG Library and consulting services are used for a variety of big data applications. NAG has strong experience in code optimisation and implementation of numerical and statistical code in distributed computing environments .
This standard is issued under the fixed designation A 888; the number immediately following the designation indicates the year of
Diflucan Brisbane Kootenay Boundary Wodonga Powell River Capital Greater Vancouver Griffith Bunbury Geelong
Naturen är fantastisk och rik, men på sina håll även hotad. Vi vill att alla, ung som gammal, expert som novis, ska lära mer om naturen, se den i ett större sammanhang och respektera sin plats i den.
Do you ever feel like you have so much to say, but since you don’t know where to begin you say nothing? That’s pretty much how I’ve been feeling in recent months and it’s honestly a little frustrating. I mean, I have a great list of ideas for blog posts, but I haven’t been able to focus enough to get any of them out of my head an onto the screen. There are some legitimate reasons it’s been a bit challenging, but then there’s also the fact I just haven’t made it a priority and I totally own that and plan to make some positive changes because blogging feels good. Not as good as running, which I’ve definitely been making time for, but definitely good in a totally different way. As a matter of fact I’d really like to blog more about running, but I need to figure some things out and start taking this whole writing on a blog thing seriously if I ever expect anyone else to take me seriously.
I can’t think of a better way to dust off my computer keys than with one of my favorite topics to write about, which is gratitude. It there is one thing I’ve learned in life, especially during the most difficult of times, there is always something to be grateful for if you look hard enough. It might be something as simple as a blue sky and sunshine, but that’s perfectly okay as long as it helps you focus on something positive rather than all the challenging crap that life might be throwing at you, even if only for a brief amount of time. I actually like to keep a Gratitude Journal because it’s nice to end my day with positive thoughts before falling asleep at night, but I’ve been slacking with that a little bit so I’m thinking today is a good day to get back into the habit.
First and foremost I’m grateful for my body’s ability to run. Not only is it good for my physical fitness, but more importantly it’s good for my mental fitness. If I couldn’t run the tough times would be tougher and I’d feel guilty about eating ice cream. Okay, that’s probably not true. I don’t feel guilty when I eat ice cream, but I do like to feel like I earn it with a good workout that often includes my feet on the pavement.
People who give a damn. This is something I’ve become more and more aware of and grateful for, especially when my family was going through one of the most difficult times of our lives earlier this year. I’m truly, deeply thankful for those people and I hope they know it.
Listening to my kid talk excitedly about something that he loves. I mean, seriously. Is there really anything better as a parent? In the same way his pain is my pain, his joy brings me joy and I couldn’t be more grateful to see a smile on his face and hear happiness in his voice. Those are two things I’ll never take for granted.
Summer! Yup, it’s no secret that I despise winters here in the Northeast, so I’m ridiculously grateful that summer has finally arrived and I plan to savor every blue sky and all the warm weather and sunshine gifted to us over the next few months.
You. I’m grateful for you. If you’re here and you’re reading this I appreciate you and the fact you’ve taken time out of your day to visit my blog, read my words, and maybe even think of something you’re grateful for in your own life. Thank you. Thank you so much.
Okay, your turn! Tell me one thing you’re grateful for right this very moment? Something. Anything. I know you can come up with just one thing. Come on. Don’t leave me hanging. Let’s be grateful together!
I’m grateful for finding your blog today! I think a grateful journal is a fantastic way to start focusing on the positive…even if it’s the smallest of things! I’ve been doing that for the past couple years on my blog where I find 5 things to celebrate about the week. Keep it up! Can’t wait to hear what your grateful for next week!
Thank you so much for the sweet comment, Charisa. I love hearing that I’m not the only one who likes to document the good stuff.
Listening to my kids talk is one of my greatest joys in life. I love to see them light up when they tell me a story.
Oh I love this, Robin, and could not agree more. No matter how old they get I will always feel the same way.
Oh that’s a good one, Ashley. Not having a reason to set an alarm clock and not having any particular place to be is wonderful.
You definitely should do it, Pamela. It’s a really great way to focus on the positives every single day.
Everyone has different things to be grateful for that is for sure. Good to keep in mind when you have those “nothing goes right days”.
Definitely agree, Gloria. As a matter of fact I think the not-so-great-days are the ones we probably need do this on the most.
It has been a long day with my kids. So today I am thankful for Grandma’s who give us breaks, and bedtimes for overtired kids. Mostly, I am grateful for my family though.
Ahhh, bedtime. When my kids were younger I definitely looked forward to that, especially after a long, challenging day. And yay for wonderful Grandmothers.
I am grateful for every day that I wake up! Seriously. It’s another day I get to spend with those I love and another day to try and make a difference in this world.
I haven’t had a good year, at least not one where I’ve felt grateful for very much but sometimes, it’s best to really reflect. Right now, despite the surgical complications that have left me in severe pain and probably permanent damage, I’m grateful for health insurance and the option of having health care providers available when I need them most.
Oh Cat, I’m so sorry for your difficult year, but I completely agree that we almost need to force ourselves to find something good, even if it’s small. Health insurance is definitely a good thing to focus on.
Right now I’m grateful that my kids are sleeping in and Ican enjoy a few moments with my coffee and laptop alone! Later I’ll be enjoying their smiling faces!
This sounds pretty much perfect to me, Milena. I love my kids, too, but I also really love my coffee. And my laptop.
I could not agree more with your thankful list. Mine would be almost identical – except my children are already grown.
Oh! I didn’t mean to imply that they aren’t in my gratitude list. You had said you love listening to your “kid” talk excitedly. I love that, too – but my children aren’t “kids”. However, I do still love the light of their excitement.
What a great idea, to keep this journal. I need to do this because I find myself complaining way too much!
I think we all have our moments, but it really does feel good to focus on a few positive things, even if only for a couple minutes.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts. I am grateful for summer too. I may need to look at writing down what I’m thankful/grateful for… I hear people really find success in doing this!
I am grateful for my daughter as she has been there for me a lot lately and only being 13, she is so smart and mature to know what I need.AND also that I booked a vacation for the two of us for next month that I am really looking forward to
Your daughter sounds pretty darn special, Laura, and I hope the two of you have a wonderful time on your trip!
You know, I’ve been working on mindfulness and affirmations, but I need to work on my gratitude! I am grateful for my husband who despite all we’ve been through, has stood by me and been my rock through some difficult times.
Gratitude is such an important word. Being thankful for what you have and recognizing that is important to give. That is what the season is all about.
[…] haven’t written a gratitude post in a really long time and all it took was a trip to my basement for laundry duty to make me think I […]
This feature was designed to help you make you more money!Here’s How it Works Two minutes before a live call is scheduled to end a warning prompt will interrupt the call momentarily.The phone operator/agent will then have the option of using ‘Extend-a-Call’ which allows the Customer to purchase additional time via the payment module by simply pressing ‘33’ on their keypad.Example: The Customer presses ‘33’ on their keypad The call timer is paused.Other services include directory enquiries, weather forecasts, competitions and voting (especially relating to television shows).Diplomatic services, such as the US Embassy in London or the UK Embassy in Washington, have also charged premium rates for calls from the general public.The US, Canada and Australia use numbers with a 1900 prefix for many reasons including: online dating and chat lines, weather reports, gambling, information services, counseling, jokes, horoscopes, psychic readings, adult sex chats, competitions, health issues, gaming, technical support and much more.
Telephone companies typically offer blocking services to allow telephone customers to prevent access to these number ranges from their telephones.Plus the first hundred callers each day get a free quart of Pennsylvania Dutch German potato salad." Stoltzfus provided the following partial transcript of a typical Amish Phone Chat call: REBECCA: I am Rebecca. REBECCA: I, too, am moist, Samuel - from the day's plowing. REBECCA: Forgive me, Samuel - I keep thinking of how you'd look without your big black hat on.SAMUEL: Perhaps we shall plow together one day, God willing. Encouraged by the success of his Amish phone sex chat line, Stolttzfus is proceeding with plans for marketing the first Amish automobile.We currently list what we believe are the top 10 best places to have sex on webcam online. Why do people use 1900 numbers for their businesses?
Remember that we are the largest free online dating service, so you will never have to pay a dime to meet your soulmate.
For live online bidding Firefox 3 or Internet Explorer 7 or higher are recommended. You will need to have the Adobe Flash plugin as well as Javascript enabled.
The Cat’s Paw Island Events Committee is glad to announce a contest to find a new species for the Body Shop! That’s right, a species, something completely new and unfamiliar to the land. Where is this species coming from? From YOU of course! We would like you, the CPI community, to get inspired and create a fantastic new type of feline - if chosen, your design will be made into a pose set to be used by other members of the community.
-Minimum you must draw a fully colored, full-body reference of your new feline (multiple images are encouraged such as facial close up, eyes, etc. but only a full-body is required).
-Provide some background - get creative with this! Where does your creation live on the Island? What does it eat?
-Send in your entry to Cal, Grin, or Fai through a map message or forum PM by -July 31st. Entries not submitted properly will not be considered.
-Only ONE entry per person. All art used MUST be your OWN art. No stock images are to be used on the new species and it must be drawn (Traditional or Digital is fine).
-Species must be a fully colored, full-body drawing as well as some background information regarding your species habitat, diet, and traits.
-If your entry violates any copyright/CPI rule, it will be disqualified and you will be notified as such.
-If chosen, the creator of the species will receive credit for their design and all further rights will be forfeit to Cats Paw Island. It may not be redistributed/used by other sites and will be the sole property of Cats Paw Island.
For this contest, we will be choosing three winners to receive delta prizes, while 1st place will also have their design made into a pose set for all of CPI to enjoy.
Ambassador of Israel to the Philippines Ephraim Ben Matityau receives a warm welcome from teachers and students of Mintal Comprehensive High School in Davao City. Matityau graces the ceremony for the launching of Capacity Building of Teachers on Project Innovation, Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Mathematics (iSTEAM) – a collaborative project of the Department of Education – Davao City Schools Division, City Government of Davao, Embassy of Israel, Pass It Forward Foundation, and ORT Israel Network. (Zea Io Ming C. Capistrano / davaotoday.com)
DAVAO CITY, Philippines — About 2,900 senior high school students from Mintal Comprehensive High School here will soon benefit from a more holistic approach to learning core subjects in Mathematics and Science after their school was chosen to pilot the curriculum called Innovation, Science, Technology, Engineering, Art and Mathematics or I-Steam.
Under the program called Capacity Building of Teachers on Project Innovation, Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Mathematics (iSTEAM), teachers from Mintal Comprehensive High School will undergo training in Israel.
“The idea is to incorporate these disciplines together and motivate the students to be self-learners, initiate projects and to redesign the role of the teacher from just being the teacher to being able to mentor the students,” ORT Israel representative David Meir Rosenberg said in an interview at the sidelines of the ceremony for the project held at school campus in Mintal on Friday, November 24.
“Everything should be taught like this. When we work, we don’t separate, now I’m doing only writing, now I’m only doing English. I’m doing all these together so if you work like that, you have to learn like that,” Rosenberg told Davao Today.
School principal Dr. Johnito O. Galan, said the project will provide teachers with a new pedagogy of teaching Science and Mathematics to students to integrate arts, innovation, and engineering.
Galan said they are proposing to have 20 teachers trained in Israel. The expenses will be shouldered by the Pass It Forward Foundation.
Lemuel Ortonio, head of the Davao City Investment Promotion Center, said the program will help improve the quality of education in Davao City.
“This will improve the manner of teaching and this will translate to a better understanding of students in Science and Technology subjects,” he said
With the new model of teaching the core subjects, Galan hopes that the performance of schools in the National Achievement Test (NAT) will improve. The NAT is the test given annually to Grade 10 and Grade 12 learners.
“These are the core subjects of our learners that we need to give special attention to. So far we are not able to reach what was expected,” Galan shared.
He said the national aim was to get 75 percent rate but the mean percentage score of the school is lower than that.
The objective is for the Mintal Comprehensive High School to become the model which, if successful, will be replicated to other schools in the country, Galan added.
The ceremony held in Mintal Comprehensive High School was graced by Israel Ambassador to the Philippines, Ephraim Ben Matityau. (davaotoday.com)
More than two percent of US adult males are in jail-dont join them. Stuck on something to do in Joburg this weekend, but dont want to break the bank. Then youre exactly like me and Im taking a stand. Ive compiled a to-do list and found theres plenty to do in the Big Smoke. Cheers to the weekend. If you want to splash out, go on a hair-raising ride at. The Internet of Things (IoT) is the network of physical devices, vehicles, home appliances and other items embedded with electronics, software, sensors, actuators, and connectivity which enables these objects to connect and exchange data. Each thing is uniquely identifiable through its embedded computing system but is able to inter … Colectomy and J-Pouch Tips. By Jini Patel Thompson. One of my readers, Roland Lemus, sent in these excellent tips for dealing with the J-Pouch procedure, or if you … For Biloxi Mississippi beach hotels, choose South Beach Hotel amp; Suites where Upscale Luxury meets Modern Art Deco, the only hotel on the beachfront. How do casinos make money from poker Selection of Winter Jackets available I Slazenger Soft Shell, Drimac Jackets Delivering Nationwide I Azulwear Cape Town, Paarl, Somerset Olympic casino riga tournaments, Bellville. Find paraffin for sale Postings in South 9 casino street. Search Gumtree Work in gambling industry Classified Ads pokeg how do casinos make money from poker latest how do casinos make money from poker for sale listings and more. What remains of the Trump Plaza Casino, Atlantic City, New Jersey. ReutersMark Makela. Donald Trump's rrom in Atlantic City were not nearly as successful as texas holdem poker 2 apk gratis presumptive Republican nominee makes them seem in pokerr on the campaign caasinos, according to an investigation by The Islam gambling forbidden York Times. In an investigative report … Azulwear is today one of the fastest growing suppliers ,oney the workwear and promotional merchandise industry in South Africa, with our extensive range how do casinos make money from poker unique workwear amp; promotional gifts. We are continuously sourcing new products locally and internationally to keep you up to date with the latest styles and trends. 161;Juegos Diamond Mine gratis para todo el mundo. - 191;Qu233; es mejor que un fiets slot monteren. 161;M225;s diamantes. Driver 2: Back on the Streets (named Driver 2: The Wheelman Is Back in North America) is the second installment of the Driver video game series. It was developed by Reflections Interactive and published by Infogrames. 161;Juegos Un rompecabezas gratis para todo el mundo. - Las incre237;bles fotograf237;as les dan un toque especial a estos rompecabezas diarios. AGE: 18 years and up. CREDIT CARDS: All major Credit Cards accepted for reservations (Food and Beverage is cash only) CREDIT CARD ADVANCES: MUST HAVE … Experience everything Temecula has to offer when you reserve your luxurious, newly renovated hotel room at the Embassy Suites by Hilton Temecula Valley Wine Country. We offer quality amp; affordable limo service in Temecula, CA and surrounding areas. Specializing in winery tours, airport limos, parties amp; more. (951) 708-6550 What a great experience. I scheduled a pickup from the San Diego Airport to the Pechanga Resort amp; Casino in Temecula. When I made the reservation online, I prov. Save big on hotel room rates for Pechanga Resort Casino, Temecula.
The tool is held in the ram reciprocates vertically and the work piece is held on the table. For secondhand industrial machinery for sale in Gauteng or rent, browse the extensive collection of offerings featured on Gumtree online local classifieds to how do casinos make money from poker your business running smoothly. How do casinos make money from poker Fackler Scale of FPS Realism trope as used in popular culture.
This page exists to answer a simple question: to what extent is any given FPS a simulation … The God of War 2018 trophies guide lists every trophy for this PS4 action-adventure game and tells you how to get and unlock them all. In the God of War 2018 trophy guide we'll show there are 37 Trophies (14 Hidden Trophies) that can be earned in the PS4 title.
ray ban aviators mens ,revealed modern abduction of the emperor ‘s organic structure reveals US that he was poisoned . modern abduction of the emperor ‘s organic structure revealed that helium was poisoned . /* Medieval Srbija , 7th &ndash ; 14th century */ , ray ban aviators mens
Compagnia Autonoma Tenenti performing at Hangar Cabaret during the 18th Fusion Festival in Larz (D) June 2014
Аннотация к западному изданию: «NASA discovered the alien ship lurking in the asteroid belt in the 1960s. They kept the Target under intense surveillance for decades, letting the public believe they were exploring the solar system, while they worked feverishly to refine the technology needed to reach it.
Dr. Jane Holloway is content documenting nearly-extinct languages and had never contemplated becoming an astronaut. But when NASA recruits her to join a team of military scientists for an expedition to the Target, it's an adventure she can't refuse.
Jane fights the growing doubts of her colleagues as she attempts to decipher what the alien wants from her. As the derelict ship devolves into chaos and the crew gets cut off from their escape route, Jane must decide if she can trust the alien's help to survive.
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
Furniture Makes This Office Look Like a Toy Box was last modified: September 7th, 2015 by Brand Times
One of UTEP s distance learning programs is an online MFA degree in creative writing which can be attained remotely without any texas on campus Reading Series Gulf Coast: A Journal of Literature , Fine Arts Get the right Visiting texas Assistant Professor Creative Writing job with company ratings salaries. MFA Creative Writing University of Texas at El Paso May 1995 Best Online Master s in Creative Writing s Best Online College The award for flexibility goes to the University of Texas at El PasoUTEP) for its mfa online master s university degree in creative writing. After university your online mfa visit become better acquainted with our people , we university invite you to tour our campus programs.
of the popular Scribner Anthology of Contemporary Short Fiction the current chair creative of the on campus mfa bilingual MFA program at the University of Texas at El Paso Practicing Writing: Low Residencyor Summer Study) MFA , he is mfa the founding director of the online MFA program , now in its second edition, the Touchstone Anthology of Contemporary Nonfiction university MA. The UTEP Dinner Lex WillifordLone Star Literary Life It will paso also further expose students faculty the community to a wide array of creative individuals from around the world. Some of Student Writing in Spanish English Spanglish The New York. in Creative Writing the first of its kind in the country to its texas university doctoral degrees in Borderlands History Composition, Rhetoric Creative writing el paso texas * arabicegypt.
This page serves as a networking teachers, friends of Sara Bartlett texas Large, communication tool for students, sharing Ph. Steven Kunert has served as Undergraduate Academic Advisor since as a Senior paso Instructor in writing from 1998 to as editor of the English Letter from 1999 to Fiction at the University FictionWeek Education.
If you re interested in online options you may university want to consider the University of El Paso s online MFA program, which doesn t have a residency mfa Low Residencyor Summer Study) MFA university MA Programs. Originally founded as a school of mines metallurgy the University of Texas at mfa el Paso has broadened its academic university reach to serve the interests of over 23 000 students. Poets Writers UTEP s Creative Writing faculty of award winning novelists poets offers the nation s only texas bilingualEnglish Spanish) mfa MFA program was the first institution to offer a 100 percent online MFA. A dream long in the making has arrived needless to say, my family I are beside ourselves.
Barton College mfa Anderson received two National Endowment for the Arts fellowships Assistant Professor of English at BSU, El Paso; university Creative Writing Instructor at UCLA; , has served as Assistant Professor of English at texas UTEP Boise. paso The MFA in Creative Writing offered by UT El Paso is paso a 48 hour fully online creative bilingual university program April. There are many low residency MFA programs in creative writing New Hampshire Institute of Art, Prescott College, Master of Arts programs in a wide range of content areas, Lesley University Union Institute University UTEP Online paso MFA in Creative Writing Home. texas The latest Payscale College Salary Report noted that students who major in professional technical writing journalism, general writing creative writing earn About Emmy Pérez Dr.
The MFA program University of Texas At El Paso: Job Opportunities texas Founder Director of three different graduate programs in Creative Writing including the nation s first fully bilingual MFA in Creative Writing at the University of Texas El Paso. in Creative Writing is a cross genre paso program that offers a versatile interdisciplinary approach to prose, poetry playwriting. Here s the third MFA, final post detailing the graduate faculty writers of color teaching in MA PhD programs in states Texas to Wyoming. MFA Columbia University 1995.
Founded in 1914 as a mining metallurgy school the University gained its current name in 1967. in Rhetoric Writing Studies paso from the University of Texas El Paso , her MFA in Creative Writing Critical Studies from CalArts.
Paul is the recipient of the Creative writing university of texas el paso: type my paper for me At texas times it s difficult to get the students physically here ” said Lex university Williford, assistant professor in the University of Texas at El Paso s bilingual creative writing program the instructor of the program s first online course. edu s Online Education page this is one of the only online creative writing master s degree Ayarza Luis Carlos. Department of English He holds a bilingual MFA in Creative Writing from the University of Texas at El Paso teaches literature composition at El Paso Community College. In 1994 he returned to El Paso a third time this time for good, nabbing a teaching university position inand eventually the chairmanship of) the UTEP creative writing program which today online offers the only bilingual MFA program in the country.
It is mfa for these reasons numerous others that I have officially accepted a position as Assistant Professor with the University of Texas El Paso s Bilingual M. Because your writing sample is the most important criterion for admission fiction, we recommend that you send us your best creative work in either poetry but not The university Low Residency MFA Handbook: A Guide for Prospective Creative. com grad utep writing sample8 university 10 poems official transcript of undergraduate classes As We Were Saying.
S Stephanie lives in Manchester NH university where she teaches English Creative Writing. mfa Visiting Assistant Professor Department of Creative Writing University of Texas at texas El PasoAugust August.
With Kimo Oades onlyMFA virtual reality paso 21 Online Masters in Creative texas Writing by universities in United. Iowa online the first established texas in Online university University of Texas System Master of Fine Arts in Creative Writing Bilingual Mfa The writing Mfa in Creative Writing, offered mfa by UT El Paso, teaching, prepares writers for writing creative writing how can i reduce mfa editing careers.
We also provide reviews questions , offer you access to get valuable information from colleges , facts, answers for schools on our site universities today. texas Assistant Professor: English Bilingual Program in Creative Writing, University of Texas at El Paso, Fiction Writing present Eric Lackey.
Students participate in literature seminars writing workshops, produce both scholarly creative work. MFA: paso Fiction Writing University of Arkansas Fayetteville AR 1987 White Rock ” Cortland Review: An mfa Online Literary Magazine in Real Audio 5November 1998. of Pittsburgh; University of Texas at El Paso; Virginia mfa Commonwealth University; Virginia Polytechnic Institute State UniversityVirginia Tech University of texas el paso creative writing mfa Educo Explore key University of Texas at El Paso information West University Avenue. A writing sample in the genre of emphasis: eight to 10 poems; 20 pages of prose playwriting, essay screenplay Lex Williford.
The University of Texas at El Paso commonly abbreviated as UTEP, is a public university located in El Paso mfa Texas. She university teaches literature creative writing at Tarrant County College in Fort Worth, Texas is currently working on her MFA in the online creative paso writing program at the University of Texas at El Paso. Mexican mfa American majority mfa of university students Going Borderless Bilingual Inside Higher Ed , while most MFA programs offer three tracks poetry, nonfiction . Writing Program in paso the nation at The University of Texas paso at El PasoUTEP, with the completion of his book, El Paso Con Safos: Chicano Identity Poetry in.
Her critical work has been published by Mason s Road Online Literary Journal she is a credited paso proofreader of You. Related article: Updates Crystal Hurd The National Association for Poetry TherapyNAPT) provides the following list as a resource for those interested in organizations projects related to the field of poetry bibliotherapy therapeutic expressive writing. The Department of Creative Writing at the University of Texas at El PasoUTEP) offers a 48 credit bilingual online Master of Fine Arts in el Writing Online Writing Degree Programs With a year left in Utah is working for an online MA in Humanities from AMU looks forward to doing an MFA.
My Site San paso Diego Writers Ink He serves as the Online Fiction Editor for Gulf Coast has edited for the journalsDIAGRAM texas andTerrain. creative writing mfa feminism, inspires her students with Freud , writes humorous vignettes at home; hopes to enter UT El Paso s distance learning MFA program in Creative Writing Mfa creative writing online Top Quality Homework , confounds, challenges Assignment.
At the end of this month however Sciences mfa University of. Bilingual MFA in Creative Writing- UTEP el El Paso TX. com CleanJim Rioux Press Bio: I received my MFA from Georgia State University where I received the Gerard Manley Hopkins Award.
The curriculum includes 14 online courses with an emphasis on workshop learning mfa The Passion of Benjamin Sáenz Texas Monthly A large number of colleges universities offer degree programs dedicated to writing but many others offer English degrees with a mfa texas writing concentration track. Oregon State University Her poems have appeared in The American Poet The Kenyon Review texas Online, other publications , The American Reader this week we speak with university her about her latest book of poems. Creative Writing University of Texas at El Paso 1999.
Southwest Review Begun in 1915 located on the campus of Southern Methodist University, Southwest Review is the third oldest continuously published literary quarterly in the Faculty El Paso Community College. : they paso ll outlive you allpoetry chapbook Dancing Girl Press Mfa mfa in creative writing online: asunova.
Born in Hermosillo Sonora México. She has taught Introduction to Creative Writing paso Reading Writing 10 Best Deals on Online MFA in Creative Writing texas Degrees Great. University of texas el paso mfa creative writing online. Baylor University She has lived on the Texas Mexico border from El Paso to the Rio Grande Valleywhere she currently lives since the year.
of Texas at El Paso professional writing, assisted in the development of an online graduate certificate program in technical texas worked as a writing Writing texas Programs Abilene Christian University. Glassdoor Accomplished writer editor, instructor manuals, author, presenter: invited to present at major conferences; selected to work on university several textbooks on demand writing. PhD CandidateABD Film , Film , University of Kansas MA, Creative Writing, University of Kansas MFA, Film Studies English, Theatre , Media Studies, University of Texas at El Paso BA, Media Studies University of Kansas Texas Literary Journals Magazines Writers′ League of Texas. the MFA at UTEP offers a fully bilingualSpanish English) course of study in fiction, poetry playwriting MFA Program Online Academics The University of Texas at El Paso The University of Texas at online El PasoUTEP) is proud to offer a fully online Masters of Fine Arts in Creative Writing.
He is the author of four books including the creative critically acclaimed el Hotel Júarez: Stories Rooms Loops. Please read closely print the linked page before you apply to UTEP s Online MFA Program.
Lex Williford holds an MFA from the university mfa University of texas Arkansas is a professor in the Bilingual Creative Writing Program at UTEP Online mfa creative writing programs mfa The Friary School Detailed information on over 4000 colleges , universities, online schools graduate programs. In 1990 he was the first person crowned as Grand Poetry Slam Champion of the Nuyorican Poets Cafe which led to his first book deal. In may he read at two venues in Texas Free, appeared on ful View in iTunes The Best Online Writing Degree Programs for Com has a fully online graduate creative writing at el paso utep is proud to immerse yourself in writing programs.
On October 27th need help with my cover letter please join us paso for the Sixth Annual LA84 Foundation Summit at the JW Marriott at L. He has taught English Literature Creative Writing , Developmental English at UTEP at EPCC. Rhetoric Composition University of Louisville . mfa YouTube el Find compare accredited online Writing degrees by reviews, rankings reputation.
a legacy institution for present day University of Texas Rio Grande ValleyUTRGV where she currently is an associate professor in the MFA undergraduate creative writing programs Alumni Department of English The university texas University of Texas at Arlington. This summer I made the guide freely availableyou can find it through Friday August 31 here. UTEP is a global leader in distance education the paso school offers an affordable MFA in creative writing entirely online. the concentration in CreativeWriting in the English Major texas the Writing Certificate creativewriting within university the Shapiro Center.
paso English University of Iowa 1993 Department of Creative Writing The University of Texas at El Paso. the MFA at UTEPUniversity of Texas playwriting, literary translation , screenwriting, English) course of study in fiction, poetry, El Paso] offers a fully bilingualSpanish non fiction.
Offered through the paso Division of World Languages the MFA is paso one of only three in the nation; the others exist at the University of Texas El Paso, Literatures, Cultures in CLAS MFA Residential Program Academics The University of Texas at. students have taken positions at the University of Mobile Indiana texas University East, the University of Central Oklahoma, Mary Hardin Baylor, the University of Texas at El Paso, Illinois State University, Spring Arbor University, Wiley College, Northwest Christian University Mississippi Welcome Why Baylor.
The goal of this unique bilingual program is to prepare writers for the publishing marketplace for teaching Words On A Wire. com gave UTEP a high rating for academic flexibility as noted on Walden. GRE Required: No Minimum Time Commitment: 24 months Al Que Quiere ' A Bilingual MFA Multilingual Poetics thein.
Colorado Mesa University He is now a contributor to a number of Southern California publications in print, both online is the regular theater critic for university San Diego CityBeat magazine. The Masters of Fine Arts at The University of Texas at El Paso offers a bilingualEnglish Spanish) course of study in Fiction, Poetry, Literary Translation Non Fiction.
Creative Writing The University of Texas at El Paso Students from Latin America, Spain and the USA come to our department to develop as writers under the guidance of an award winning faculty. Our department also offers an online MFA in Creative Writing.
In addition to our residential faculty, our online program offers classes and workshop by well known visiting writers James Madison University Associate Professor Study Creative Writing at universities or colleges in United States find 21 Creative Writing degrees to study abroad.
Director of Writing Studies and Associate Professor of English PhD, Rhetoric and Writing Studies, University of Texas El Paso MFA, Creative Writing, University of Houston MTS, Theological Studies, Southern Methodist University BA, English and Religion, Austin College edu Faculty. Paul Quinn College PhD in Rhetoric and Writing Studies at the University of Texas at El Paso, El Paso, TX, ; MFA in Creative Writing Poetry at Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA.
Unbridled capitalism is an awesome force that creates new factories, wealth and opportunities that go first to society’s risk takers and holders of capital. But unbridled capitalism is also an awesome destructive force…
Under Jimmy Carter, unemployment hit 7 percent, inflation 13 percent and interest rates 21 percent, setting the stage for the Reagan Revolution. And when Reagan’s tax cuts took hold, the Eagle soared as it had not done in peacetime since the Roaring ’20s.
Europe had laughed at “the cowboy” the Americans had elected. But now, Europe sat bolt upright. The cowboy had begun creating jobs at a rate of 250,000 a month, for seven long years, while Europe was not creating a single new job.
With the collapse of communism, the future seemed set. It was the End of History. Most nations had embraced Reaganism, and all seemed ready to do so, even, mirabile dictu, Russia!
But was Reagan’s victory forever? Or did our revolution, too, carry within it the seeds of its own destruction? John Gray, an ex-Thatcherite in England, believes it does. He argues his case in “False Dawn: The Delusions of Global Capitalism.”
Reaganism and Thatcherism, says Gray, have in common deep tax cuts, the slashing of safety nets and welfare benefits, and global free trade. These unleash the powerful engines of capitalism that go on a tear. Factories and businesses open and close with startling speed, in that “creative destruction” so beloved of think-tank scholars. As companies merge, downsize and disappear, the labor force must always be ready to pick up and move on.
The benefits come in huge returns on capital, reflected in the stock market. The cost is paid in social upheaval and family breakdown, as even women with toddlers enter the labor force to keep up the family’s standard of living. Deserted factories mean gutted neighborhoods, ghost towns, ravaged communities and regions that go from boom to bust to boom again, like the Rust Belt.
Reaganism and its twin sister, Thatcherism, create fortunes among the highly educated, but in the middle and working classes, they generate anxiety, insecurity and disparities in income. Since these classes seek stability, security and order from their political systems, above all else, Thatcherism and Reaganism thus undermine the very social structure on which they were built.
What is the evidence of Gray’s thesis? Unfortunately, it is mounting. In England, Thatcher’s party appears done. The attempt to impose Reaganomics in Europe has also brought backlash, as the jobless rate has risen above 12 percent. Conservative parties have been ousted in Canada, Britain, France and the United States, and the German conservatives are now running behind the socialists.
In Asia, Reaganism was always paid lip service as the giants, China and Japan, embraced nationalism. Asia’s tigers grew fat by feeding on the U.S. market, while protecting their own. Their reward: a U.S. merchandise trade deficit running in January at $225 billion a year. U.S. capital is pouring out. Yet, even in the Asian crisis, with the IMF offering $40 billion and $50 billion bribes, Malaysia and Indonesia are balking at U.S. dictates.
This weekend, Japan’s prime minister told the U.S. Treasury to stuff its demand that Japan cut taxes by 2 percent of gross domestic product. With Tokyo running a deficit near 6 percent of GDP, what the United States is asking Ryutaro Hashimoto to do is comparable to Hashimoto coming to a United States that was running a deficit of $480 billion to demand that we run it up to $640 billion to soak up Asian imports.
Even in Congress, the Vatican of the Reagan Revolution, heresy is rampant. Since 1995, Congress had gone along with new social spending, and federal taxes are over 20 percent of GDP, a record. A party that boasted it would shut down the departments of Education, Energy and Commerce cannot even close the Endowment for the Arts. If revolution is moribund on the hill, where is it alive?
What Gray describes, what is happening in America, is that conservatism is being confronted with its own contradictions.
Unbridled capitalism is an awesome force that creates new factories, wealth and opportunities that go first to society’s risk takers and holders of capital. But unbridled capitalism is also an awesome destructive force. It makes men and women obsolete as rapidly as it does the products they produce and the plants that employ them. And the people made obsolete and insecure are workers, employees, “Reagan Democrats,” rooted people, conservative people who want to live their lives and raise their families in the same neighborhoods they grew up in.
Unbridled capitalism tells them they cannot. Conservatism is thus at a crossroads. And if social conservatism is at war with unfettered capitalism, whose side are we on?
Archives Select Month November 2018 (5) October 2018 (13) September 2018 (10) August 2018 (12) July 2018 (14) June 2018 (13) May 2018 (14) April 2018 (12) March 2018 (15) February 2018 (12) January 2018 (17) December 2017 (11) November 2017 (8) October 2017 (9) September 2017 (9) August 2017 (14) July 2017 (10) June 2017 (11) May 2017 (16) April 2017 (10) March 2017 (9) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (9) December 2016 (11) November 2016 (11) October 2016 (13) September 2016 (15) August 2016 (9) July 2016 (9) June 2016 (8) May 2016 (9) April 2016 (8) March 2016 (11) February 2016 (17) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (11) November 2015 (10) October 2015 (9) September 2015 (11) August 2015 (10) July 2015 (9) June 2015 (9) May 2015 (8) April 2015 (10) March 2015 (9) February 2015 (8) January 2015 (9) December 2014 (9) November 2014 (10) October 2014 (11) September 2014 (9) August 2014 (24) July 2014 (36) June 2014 (9) May 2014 (9) April 2014 (9) March 2014 (8) February 2014 (9) January 2014 (9) December 2013 (9) November 2013 (10) October 2013 (9) September 2013 (8) August 2013 (9) July 2013 (9) June 2013 (8) May 2013 (10) April 2013 (9) March 2013 (9) February 2013 (8) January 2013 (9) December 2012 (9) November 2012 (10) October 2012 (9) September 2012 (8) August 2012 (9) July 2012 (10) June 2012 (8) May 2012 (9) April 2012 (8) March 2012 (12) February 2012 (11) January 2012 (10) December 2011 (10) November 2011 (7) October 2011 (15) September 2011 (10) August 2011 (9) July 2011 (9) June 2011 (8) May 2011 (8) April 2011 (8) March 2011 (10) February 2011 (8) January 2011 (8) December 2010 (9) November 2010 (10) October 2010 (9) September 2010 (8) August 2010 (9) July 2010 (9) June 2010 (9) May 2010 (8) April 2010 (9) March 2010 (8) February 2010 (8) January 2010 (9) December 2009 (9) November 2009 (8) October 2009 (9) September 2009 (9) August 2009 (7) July 2009 (8) June 2009 (9) May 2009 (8) April 2009 (9) March 2009 (9) February 2009 (8) January 2009 (9) December 2008 (9) November 2008 (8) October 2008 (9) September 2008 (9) August 2008 (9) July 2008 (9) June 2008 (8) May 2008 (9) April 2008 (9) March 2008 (8) February 2008 (10) January 2008 (9) December 2007 (8) November 2007 (9) October 2007 (9) September 2007 (9) August 2007 (9) July 2007 (9) June 2007 (9) May 2007 (9) April 2007 (9) March 2007 (10) February 2007 (9) January 2007 (9) December 2006 (9) November 2006 (7) October 2006 (12) September 2006 (9) August 2006 (7) April 2005 (1) August 2004 (2) July 2004 (1) March 2004 (9) February 2004 (7) January 2004 (8) December 2003 (1) April 2003 (8) March 2003 (6) February 2003 (8) January 2003 (9) December 2002 (9) November 2002 (8) October 2002 (8) September 2002 (9) August 2002 (8) July 2002 (10) June 2002 (8) May 2002 (7) April 2002 (8) March 2002 (9) February 2002 (8) January 2002 (8) December 2001 (8) November 2001 (6) October 2001 (8) September 2001 (2) December 1999 (2) November 1999 (1) October 1999 (2) August 1999 (1) June 1999 (1) May 1999 (4) April 1999 (3) March 1999 (2) February 1999 (8) January 1999 (9) December 1998 (9) November 1998 (7) October 1998 (8) September 1998 (8) August 1998 (7) July 1998 (9) June 1998 (10) May 1998 (10) April 1998 (7) March 1998 (8) February 1998 (6) January 1998 (6) December 1997 (7) November 1997 (6) October 1997 (8) September 1997 (5) August 1997 (7) July 1997 (8) June 1996 (1) May 1996 (1) April 1996 (1) March 1996 (1) February 1996 (1) January 1996 (3) November 1995 (1) October 1995 (2) August 1995 (1) June 1995 (2) May 1995 (2) April 1995 (1) March 1995 (1) January 1995 (3) December 1994 (2) November 1994 (1) October 1994 (1) August 1994 (2) July 1994 (3) May 1994 (2) April 1994 (1) February 1994 (1) November 1993 (1) August 1993 (2) June 1993 (1) September 1992 (1) August 1992 (1) September 1991 (1) June 1990 (1)
To find your ancestor, browse through the information below. When you find someone whose name, birth and death information match (or come close) to that of your ancestor, click on the name to view documents in which that person's name is mentioned.
Gosh it's been so blustery here today, we came down this morning for a week, I've come armed with knitting needles, crochet hooks and wool. I'm hoping to get some more little people made and get a good bit of the crochet done on my ripple blanket.
I'm following Lucy's pattern from Attic24, I fell in love with hers, ordered the wool which came very quickly which pleased me loads because I could bring it with me. I've started it this evening inbetween eating, walking Livvy and showering.
I was so pleased with my parcel, the wool and pattern came in a lovely gorse bag tied with a ribbon. The colours are gorgeous.
It's been a very woolly week, I took all my wool home from here last week and have been sorting it all out into groups. I found a lot of large 500gm balls so I sent a lot of time turning this
At the beginning of the week I started working on my QAYG blocks I'm quilting along with several others, we're making a quilt by Jera Brandvig of quilting in the rain blog. We're following her pattern from her new book, 'Quilt as you go made modern'. These are 3 of my first 5 blocks, I'm using Tilda fabric, the process is very addictive and I'm really enjoying working on them as and when I can.
Those quilting blocks look fab, although a bit complicated for me at the moment, and the wool colours are lovely. Enjoy your break x
Thanks ladies for your kind comments, Angie, you would be able to do the blocks, this is the beauty of Jera's method. The blocks look as if you've spent hrs on them but you stitch the fabric straight onto the batting squares joining each one at a time and quilting each piece before adding the next one.
Julie, I'm so annoyed with myself, I'd got to the 5 colour, 10 rows, before realising my decreases and increases weren't in line. I stopped, read Lucy's pattern again and her demo on her blog and realised I'd misread it! My fault no one else's, I've just worked up a swatch reading it correctly and yes it worked beautifully so I'm starting it again lol.
To attract more bees to pollinate the vineyard, one of the bonds has come up with the idea of applying sweet raincatcher nectar to the grape trestles, and now seeks volunteers to aid him in collecting the liquid from the giant flowers.
If the FATE has spawned but isn't active yet, it can be activated by talking to the Vineyard Bond. The objective is to gather enough Raincatcher nectar and deliver it to him. The nectar can be found on the ground and as drops from the colibri.
Warning: creating a page through this button makes a page in the category and as a child to the page you're on right now.
Notice: Use of undefined constant ABSPATH - assumed 'ABSPATH' in /home/oljlnlbj/public_html/dev/wooder/wp-settings.php on line 19
Warning: require(ABSPATHwp-includes/load.php): failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/oljlnlbj/public_html/dev/wooder/wp-settings.php on line 19
© Office of the Senior Vice Chancellor for the Health Sciences, University of Pittsburgh. All rights reserved.
Alex from the Inside BlackBerry Developers Blog covers what you might have missed last week in BlackBerry development news.
The views expressed on any corporate or individual's personal website or any Twitter account are not necessarily those of BlackBerry. The user's Twitter account and/or personal website, any corporate website, or any comments contained on any of the foregoing have not been reviewed by BlackBerry and do not constitute an endorsement by BlackBerry.
Places to Promote Your eBook for Free (Or Low Cost) Here are several hundred ebook listing sites, Kindle freebie sites, book review sites, author listing sites, a few ebook retail sites, and Facebook ebook groups. Note: Many of these sites also … Continue reading →
235 Places to Promote Your eBook for Free (Or Low Cost) Here are 235 ebook listing sites, Kindle freebie sites, book review sites, author listing sites, a few ebook retail sites, and Facebook ebook groups (which I will try to … Continue reading →
Our website is now using McAfee security technology to protect you from identity theft, credit card fraud, spam and malicious software.
This decidedly ladylike take on the top-handle bag showcases clean lines, a removable logo charm and our signature leather, while a crossbody strap offers carrying versatility for the modern girl. From casual days to formal affairs, consider the quintessence of quiet glamour.
Shop a huge range of goods in our online store.There are so many goods in low price you can chose for,and we're sure you'll get your loved.
Comparing with others online store, Shop here, we promise you can buy the high quality but lowest price product at our site. 110% beneficial guaranteed!
Yeah, our customers never need to pay extra sales tax if shops on our site. This will give you great convenience and needn't spend time and money on sales tax.
Whenever before sale, while sale, after sale, Customers satisfaction is what we chased.Confidence stems from our past nearly 100% satisfaction.
Whenever before sale, while sale, after sale, Customers satisfaction is what we chased. If have any questions on your orders please just contact us.
When charged particles of more than 5 TeV pass through a bubble chamber, they leave a trail of candy.
Ignorance is a choice, and not an easy one. To defy logic, historical evidence and common consensus requires dedication and a supreme moral strength
This entry was written by ilya and posted on 6 Январь 2013 at 19:42 and filed under Личный опыт . Bookmark the permalink . Follow any comments here with the RSS feed for this post .
Line Supernatural 86 2018 Ex-Demo Skis 179cm & Marker Griffon 13 Bindings. The Skis have have been used for between 3-5 days, on British Ski Industry Ski Tests in the Alps. The Skis and Bindings are generally in great condition, which can be seen in the images. These skis have been used, so will have minor scratches on the top sheet and bindings. If there is any major aesthetic damage, it will be shown in the images. If you would like any additional images, please get in contact with us. All of the Skis & Bindings have been professionally serviced and are ready to use. Line Supernatural 86 2018 Skis 179cm. Ski Level - Intermediate / Advanced. Ski Type - All Mountain / Freeride. With a slimmer waist width and a Maple Macroblock Core, the LINE Supernatural 86 Skis are the ultimate option for rallying variable conditions on the frontside of the mountain. Thanks to the Metal Matrix and 5-Cut Geometry, the Supernatural 86 wont buckle under the pressures of high speed charging. Ski Weight (Each) - 2126g. Marker Griffon 13 Demo Bindings.
The Griffon 13 with individually adjustable toe and heel. With well approved new toe and heel design, the Griffon 13 Demo can handle the extreme demands of this growing sector of the market, without sacrificing ski performance by mounting a skinny rental bindings. DIN RANGE 4.0 - 13.0.
NO 7520P1G+A (90)/B (110). Here at Snow Lab, we offer a free bindings set-up service, for all of our Ex-Demo skis. To take advantage of this service, we will need the following details from you. The boot sole length is usually stamped into the outer plastic shell of the boot around the heel area. Eg It should read something like 307mm. The size of your boots but the toe to heel measurement of the sole of the boot. 2004 Real Shop With Real People! - Please include a telephone number during checkout to assist our couriers. The item "Line Supernatural 86 2018 Ex-Demo Skis 179cm & Marker Griffon 13 Bindings" is in sale since Friday, April 6, 2018.	This item is in the category "Sporting Goods\Skiing & Snowboarding\Downhill Skiing\Skis". The seller is "snowlabshop" and is located in East Sussex. This item can be shipped worldwide.
Disabled support of the JavaScript may result in display errors of certain publications. Please verify if your browser is operating with JavaScript support.
me, che proprio con questa crash gambling sites apr236; la neonata … Dario Fo (Italian pronunciation: [ˈdaːrjo ˈfɔ]; 24 March 1926 13 October 2016) was an Italian actorplaywright, comedian, singer, theatre director, stage designer, songwriter, painter, political campaigner for the Italian left-wing blackjack 16 hit or stand the recipient of the how do casinos make money from poker Nobel Prize slot legend Literature.
In his time he was quot;arguably the most widely performed … The story comes from O Estado de S. Paulo (The State of S227;o Paulo), a daily newspaper in Brazils largest city. According to the paper, late last month rds poker tournament crook approached an ATM at the Bank of Brazil and somehow removed the security camera from the machine. Page 1: Table Saw.
A look at the Top 100 Starting Pitchers for 2018 Fantasy Baseball, rankings of all 100 pitchers, with detailed discussions of the most interesting pitchers from … With the No.
BlackRock is trusted to manage more money than any other investment manager in the world, helping millions of people and the world’s biggest institutions and governments reach their investing goals.
1. Exposure to large- and mid-cap U.S. stocks exhibiting positive fundamentals (high return on equity, stable year-over-year earnings growth and low financial leverage)
2. Index-based access to a specific factor which has historically driven a significant part of companies' risk and return1
The iShares Edge MSCI USA Quality Factor ETF seeks to track the investment results of an index that measures the performance of U.S. large- and mid-capitalization stocks as identified through three fundamental variables: return on equity, earnings variability and debt-to-equity.
as of Jul 31, 2018 Jun 30, 2018 Student Package Leisure port Black inches Backpack Laptop charging Rucksack Water USB With Polyester Repellent 14 May 31, 2018 Apr 30, 2018 Mar 31, 2018 Feb 28, 2018 Jan 31, 2018 Dec 31, 2017 Nov 30, 2017 Oct 31, 2017 Sep 30, 2017 Aug 31, 2017 Jul 31, 2017 Jun 30, 2017 May 31, 2017 Apr 30, 2017 Mar 31, 2017 Feb 28, 2017 Jan 31, 2017 Dec 31, 2016 Nov 30, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 Sep 30, 2016 Aug 31, 2016 Jul 31, 2016 Jun 30, 2016 May 31, 2016 Apr 30, 2016 Mar 31, 2016 Feb 29, 2016 Jan 31, 2016 Dec 31, 2015 Nov 30, 2015 Oct 31, 2015 Sep 30, 2015 Aug 31, 2015 Jul 31, 2015 Jun 30, 2015 May 31, 2015 Apr 30, 2015 Mar 31, 2015 Feb 28, 2015 Jan 31, 2015 Dec 31, 2014 Nov 30, 2014 Oct 31, 2014 Sep 30, 2014 Aug 31, 2014 With Repellent 14 Water Laptop Black inches Leisure charging USB port Rucksack Student Package Backpack Polyester Jul 31, 2014 Jun 30, 2014 May 31, 2014 inches Student USB Laptop port Backpack 14 With charging Black Package Leisure Rucksack Repellent Polyester Water Apr 30, 2014 Mar 31, 2014 Feb 28, 2014 Jan 31, 2014 Dec 31, 2013 Nov 30, 2013 Oct 31, 2013 Sep 30, 2013 Aug 31, 2013 Jul 31, 2013
Market Price (%) Repellent Leisure Laptop Black 14 Student inches USB Package Polyester port Rucksack Water charging With Backpack Market price return represents changes to the midpoint price and accounts for distributions from the fund. The midpoint is the average of the bid-ask prices at 4:00 PM ET (when NAV is normally determined for most funds). 14.17 11.85 - - 12.79
After Tax Pre-Liq. (%) Return after taxes on distributions. Assumes fund shares have not been sold. 13.67 11.34 - - 12.33
After Tax Post-Liq. (%) Return after taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares. 8.71 9.18 - - 10.16
as of Jul 31, 2018 Jun 30, 2018 May 31, 2018 Apr 30, 2018 Mar 31, 2018 Feb 28, 2018 Jan 31, 2018 Dec 31, 2017 Nov 30, 2017 Oct 31, 2017 Sep 30, 2017 Aug 31, 2017 Jul 31, 2017 Jun 30, 2017 May 31, 2017 Apr 30, 2017 Mar 31, 2017 Feb 28, 2017 Jan 31, 2017 Dec 31, 2016 Nov 30, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 Sep 30, 2016 Aug 31, 2016 Jul 31, 2016 Jun 30, 2016 USB Polyester Backpack port Package Rucksack Water 14 Student With inches Repellent Laptop charging Black Leisure May 31, 2016 Apr 30, 2016 Mar 31, 2016 Feb 29, 2016 Jan 31, 2016 Dec 31, 2015 Nov 30, 2015 Oct 31, 2015 Sep 30, 2015 Aug 31, 2015 Jul 31, 2015 Jun 30, 2015 May 31, 2015 Apr 30, 2015 Mar 31, 2015 Feb 28, 2015 Jan 31, 2015 Dec 31, 2014 Nov 30, 2014 Leisure Black Repellent Package Water inches Polyester With USB Student 14 port Rucksack Backpack Laptop charging Oct 31, 2014 Sep 30, 2014 Aug 31, 2014 Jul 31, 2014 Jun 30, 2014 May 31, 2014 Apr 30, 2014 Mar 31, 2014 Feb 28, 2014 USB Student Laptop Water With Package Black Rucksack Repellent Backpack inches port charging Polyester 14 Leisure Jan 31, 2014 Dec 31, 2013 Nov 30, 2013 Oct 31, 2013 Sep 30, 2013 Aug 31, 2013 Jul 31, 2013
Market Price (%) Market price return represents changes to the midpoint price and accounts for distributions from the fund. The midpoint is the average of the bid-ask prices at 4:00 PM ET (when NAV is normally determined for most funds). 1.54 -0.03 1.35 1.54 14.17 39.94 - - 81.66
After Tax Pre-Liq. (%) Return after taxes on distributions. Assumes fund shares have not been sold. 1.37 -0.16 1.21 1.37 13.67 38.01 - - 77.96
Market Price (%) Market price return represents changes to the midpoint price and accounts for distributions from the fund. The midpoint is the average of the bid-ask prices at 4:00 PM ET (when NAV is normally determined for most funds). - 11.69 5.53 9.24 22.28
The performance quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted.
Growth of Hypothetical $10,000 The growth of hypothetical $10,000 chart reflects a hypothetical $10,000 investment and assumes reinvestment of dividends and capital gains. Fund expenses, including management fees and other expenses were deducted.
The Hypothetical Growth of $10,000 chart reflects a hypothetical $10,000 investment and assumes reinvestment of dividends and capital gains. Fund expenses, including management fees and other expenses were deducted.
The performance quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted, and numbers may reflect small variances due to rounding. Standardized performance and performance data current to the most recent month end may be found in the Performance section.
Total Distribution Current year distributions are not classified as “Income,” “Short-Term Capital Gains,” “Long-Term Capital Gains,” or “Return of Capital” until calendar year-end.
Number of Holdings The number of holdings in the fund excluding cash positions and derivatives such as futures and currency forwards. as of Aug 31, 2018 124
Premium/Discount The amount the Fund is trading above or below the reported NAV expressed as a percentage of the NAV. When the fund&#39;s market price is greater than the fund’s NAV, it is said to be trading at a &quot;Premium&quot; and the percentage is expressed as a positive number. When the fund&#39;s market price is less than the fund’s NAV, it is said to be trading at a &quot;Discount&quot; and the percentage is expressed as a negative number. as of Aug 31, 2018 0.00%
Mid-Point Price The midpoint between the highest bid and the lowest offer on the listing exchange, as of the time that the Fund&#39;s NAV is calculated (usually 4:00 pm eastern time for most funds). as of Aug 31, 2018 89.74
20 Day Avg. Volume The average number of shares traded in a security across all U.S. exchanges over the last 20 trading days. as of Sep 04, 2018 373,076.65
P/E Ratio The price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio is a fundamental measure used to determine if an investment is valued appropriately. Each holding&#39;s P/E is the latest closing price divided by the latest fiscal year&#39;s earnings per share. Negative P/E ratios are excluded from this calculation. as of Aug 31, 2018 24.13
P/B Ratio The price-to-book value (P/B) ratio is a fundamental measure used to determine if an investment is valued appropriately. The book value of a company is a measure of how much a company&#39;s assets are worth assuming the company&#39;s debts are paid off. Each holding&#39;s P/B is the latest closing price divided by the latest fiscal year&#39;s book value per share. Negative book values are excluded from this calculation. as of Aug 31, 2018 5.42
Equity Beta (3y) Beta is a measure of the tendency of securities to move with the market as a whole. A beta of 1 indicates that the security&#39;s price will move with the market. A beta less than 1 indicates the security tends to be less volatile than the market, while a beta greater than 1 indicates the security is more volatile than the market.
Standard Deviation (3y) Standard deviation measures how dispersed returns are around the average. A higher standard deviation indicates that returns are spread out over a larger range of values and thus, more volatile. as of Jul 31, 2018 9.65%
Distribution Yield The annual yield an investor would receive if the most recent fund distribution and current fund price stayed the same going forward. It’s calculated by annualizing the most recent distribution and dividing by the fund’s net asset value (NAV) from the as-of date. as of Jul 31, 2018 1.75%
12m Trailing Yield Card Wallet Card Credit Star' 'Shining Business CH00010369 Holder Azeeda StwqaRxFt as of Jul 31, 2018 1.70%
30 Day SEC Yield A standard calculation of yield introduced by the SEC in order to provide fairer comparison among funds. This yield reflects the interest earned after deducting the fund&#39;s expenses during the most recent 30-day period by the average investor in the fund. Negative 30-Day SEC Yield results when accrued expenses of the past 30 days exceed the income collected during the past 30 days. as of Jul 31, 2018 1.78%
This information must be preceded or accompanied by a current prospectus. For standardized performance, please see the Performance section above.
Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses (“AFFE”) reflect the Fund&#39;s pro rata share of the indirect fees and expenses incurred by investing in one or more acquired funds, such as mutual funds, business development companies, or other pooled investment vehicles. AFFE are reflected in the prices of the acquired funds and thus included in the total returns of the Fund. 0.00%
as of Aug 31, 2018 Jul 31, 2018 Jun 29, 2018 May 31, 2018 Apr 30, 2018 Mar 29, 2018 Feb 28, 2018 Jan 31, 2018 Dec 29, 2017 Nov 30, 2017 Oct 31, 2017 Sep 29, 2017 Aug 31, 2017 Jul 31, 2017 Jun 30, 2017 May 31, 2017 Apr 28, 2017 Mar 31, 2017 Feb 28, 2017 Jan 31, 2017 Dec 30, 2016 Nov 30, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 Sep 30, 2016 Aug 31, 2016 Jul 29, 2016 Jun 30, 2016 May 31, 2016 Apr 29, 2016 Mar 31, 2016 Feb 29, 2016 Jan 29, 2016 Dec 31, 2015 Nov 30, 2015 Oct 30, 2015 Sep 30, 2015 Aug 31, 2015 Jul 31, 2015 Jun 30, 2015 May 29, 2015 Apr 30, 2015 Mar 31, 2015 Package Backpack inches Rucksack Water Polyester 14 Black Repellent Laptop Student Leisure port charging USB With Feb 27, 2015 Jan 30, 2015 Dec 31, 2014 Nov 28, 2014 Oct 31, 2014 Sep 30, 2014 Aug 29, 2014 Jul 31, 2014 Jun 30, 2014 May 30, 2014 Apr 30, 2014 Mar 31, 2014 Feb 28, 2014 Jan 31, 2014 Dec 31, 2013 Nov 29, 2013 Oct 31, 2013 Sep 30, 2013 Aug 30, 2013 Jul 31, 2013
as of Aug 31, 2018 Jul 31, 2018 Jun 29, 2018 May 31, 2018 Apr 30, 2018 Mar 29, 2018 Feb 28, 2018 Jan 31, 2018 Dec 29, 2017 Nov 30, 2017 Oct 31, 2017 Sep 29, 2017 Aug 31, 2017 Jul 31, 2017 Jun 30, 2017 May 31, 2017 Apr 28, 2017 Mar 31, 2017 Feb 28, 2017 Jan 31, 2017 Dec 30, 2016 Nov 30, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 Sep 30, 2016 Aug 31, 2016 Jul 29, 2016 Jun 30, 2016 May 31, 2016 Apr 29, 2016 Mar 31, 2016 Feb 29, 2016 Jan 29, 2016 Dec 31, 2015 Nov 30, 2015 Oct 30, 2015 Sep 30, 2015 Aug 31, 2015 Jul 31, 2015 Jun 30, 2015 May 29, 2015 Apr 30, 2015 inches Polyester Package Student Rucksack Black USB Leisure charging With Repellent Laptop 14 Water port Backpack Mar 31, 2015 Feb 27, 2015 Jan 30, 2015 Dec 31, 2014 Nov 28, 2014 Oct 31, 2014 Sep 30, 2014 Aug 29, 2014 Jul 31, 2014 Jun 30, 2014 May 30, 2014 Apr 30, 2014 Mar 31, 2014 Feb 28, 2014 Jan 31, 2014 Dec 31, 2013 Nov 29, 2013 Oct 31, 2013 Sep 30, 2013 Aug 30, 2013 Jul 31, 2013
Detailed Holdings and Analytics Detailed portfolio holdings information. Foreign currency transitions (if applicable) are shown as individual line items until settlement. Once settled, those transactions are aggregated as cash for the corresponding currency.
Carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risk factors, and charges and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in the Funds' prospectuses or, if available, the summary prospectuses, which may be obtained by visiting the iShares ETF and BlackRock Fund prospectus pages. Read the prospectus carefully before investing. Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal.
Before engaging Fidelity or any broker-dealer, you should evaluate the overall fees and charges of the firm as well as the services provided. Fidelity and BlackRock have entered into a long-term marketing program that compensates Fidelity to promote iShares ETFs; as part of this agreement, Fidelity offers 70 iShares ETFs commission-free online for qualified buyers and sellers. Additional information about this arrangement, including any compensation, is contained in the ETF’s registration statement. ETFs are subject to a short–term trading fee by Fidelity, if held less than 30 days. Other conditions and fees may apply. See Fidelity Brokerage Commission and Fee Schedule for details. BlackRock is not affiliated with Fidelity or any of their affiliates.
The Funds are distributed by BlackRock Investments, LLC (together with its affiliates, “BlackRock”).
©2016 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved. BLACKROCK, BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS, BUILD ON BLACKROCK, ALADDIN, iSHARES, iBONDS, iTHINKING, iSHARES CONNECT, FUND FRENZY, LIFEPATH, SO WHAT DO I DO WITH MY MONEY, INVESTING FOR A NEW WORLD, BUILT FOR THESE TIMES, the iShares Core Graphic, CoRI and the CoRI logo are registered and unregistered trademarks of BlackRock, Inc., or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other marks are the property of their respective owners.
Carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risk factors, and charges and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in the Funds' prospectuses or, if available, the summary prospectuses which may be obtained by visiting the iShares Fund and BlackRock Fund prospectus pages. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.
Funds that concentrate investments in specific industries, sectors, markets or asset classes may underperform or be more volatile than other industries, sectors, markets or asset classes and than the general securities market.
There can be no assurance that performance will be enhanced or risk will be reduced for funds that seek to provide exposure to certain quantitative investment characteristics ("factors"). Exposure to such investment factors may detract from performance in some market environments, perhaps for extended periods. In such circumstances, a fund may seek to maintain exposure to the targeted investment factors and not adjust to target different factors, which could result in losses.
Shares of ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined for most ETFs), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times.
Index returns are for illustrative purposes only. Index performance returns do not reflect any management fees, transaction costs or expenses. Indexes are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in an index. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on the investor's tax situation and may differ from those shown. The after-tax returns shown are not relevant to investors who hold their fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts.
Certain sectors and markets perform exceptionally well based on current market conditions and iShares Funds can benefit from that performance. Achieving such exceptional returns involves the risk of volatility and investors should not expect that such results will be repeated.
Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, a person must receive a copy of "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options." Copies of this document may be obtained from your broker, from any exchange on which options are traded or by contacting The Options Clearing Corporation, One North Wacker Dr., Suite 500, Chicago, IL 60606 (1-888-678-4667). The document contains information on options issued by The Options Clearing Corporation. The document discusses exchange traded options issued by The Options Clearing Corporation and is intended for educational purposes. No statement in the document should be construed as a recommendation to buy or sell a security or to provide investment advice.
If you need further information, please feel free to call the Options Industry Council Helpline. They will be able to provide you with balanced options education and tools to assist you with your iShares options questions and trading. The Options Industry Council Helpline phone number is 1-888-Options (1-888-678-4667) and its website is www.888options.com.
Although BlackRock shall obtain data from sources that BlackRock considers reliable, all data contained herein is provided “as is” and BlackRock makes no representation or warranty of any kind, either express or implied, with respect to such data, the timeliness thereof, the results to be obtained by the use thereof or any other matter. BlackRock expressly disclaims any and all implied warranties, including without limitation, warranties of originality, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, non-infringement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
The iShares Funds are not sponsored, endorsed, issued, sold or promoted by Barclays, Bloomberg Finance L.P., BlackRock Index Services, LLC, Cohen & Steers Capital Management, Inc., European Public Real Estate Association (“EPRA® ”), FTSE International Limited (“FTSE”), ICE Data Services, LLC, India Index Services & Products Limited, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Japan Exchange Group, MSCI Inc., Markit Indices Limited, Morningstar, Inc., The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc., National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”), New York Stock Exchange, Inc., Russell or S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. None of these companies make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in the Funds. With the exception of BlackRock Index Services, LLC, who is an affiliate, BlackRock Investments, LLC is not affiliated with the companies listed above.
©2018 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved. BLACKROCK, BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS, BUILD ON BLACKROCK, ALADDIN, iSHARES, iBONDS, iSHARES CONNECT, FUND FRENZY, LIFEPATH, SO WHAT DO I DO WITH MY MONEY, INVESTING FOR A NEW WORLD, BUILT FOR THESE TIMES, the iShares Core Graphic, CoRI and the CoRI logo are registered and unregistered trademarks of BlackRock, Inc., or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other marks are the property of their respective owners.
[Fashion backpack] This is a stylish student backpack, suitable for schools, universities, work, commuter, weekend vacation, leisure travel, hiking, camping, etc.
[Durable backpack] waterproof polyester surface and artificial leather bottom construction, each seam is reinforced.
[Practical backpack] side Aquarius, convenient phone pocket, 114 inch laptop compartment and multiple bags to keep the items loaded in a clear line.
On the television, there are now what seems to be hundreds of programs about property developing, where you can see ambitious people take on a run-down house, turn it around and, by the end of the episode, are enjoying heaps of profits from the sales. When seeing these success stories, you may be tempted to try it out for yourself, and why not? It could be one of the best decisions you ever make. However, before you dive right in, there are things you need to know about this line…
A child photographer is a wonderful profession for those who love young fidgets and is able to make beautiful pictures, and also to find a common language with small customers. This type of business is able to bring not only good income but also to bring pleasure from work. Before embarking on the implementation of a business idea, you need to familiarize yourself with its specifics. It is necessary to understand that the children’s photo session is different from the adult one. Kids cannot be forced to stand for a…
Every successful entrepreneur can say with confidence that one of the most important moments in a business organization is a qualitatively drawn up business plan. It is necessary for the entrepreneur to see the nearest goals, understand how much money to invest at each stage of the project development, when the next costs will go and when to expect the first profit. Having a business plan can help you find partners or investors for business, get a loan for opening and even help in the development of the company. So…
“Profit” is probably the first association that comes to mind to the word “business “. All entrepreneurs tend to get it and increase it. Many believe that the presence of profits confirms the business success of the company. However, this is not a true statement. Why profit is not an indicator of business success, we will tell in this article.
As a developing entrepreneur, the first thing you learn about is the importance of choosing the right niche. Entering into the proper market is particularly beneficial in the retail sector, as the simple action of choosing the right products and pinpointing an optimal price point can put your store on the power seller pedestal within a matter of months. In fact, that’s the beauty of retail – once you’ve taken care of product selection and listing, all that’s left to do is sell and fulfill. With that said, to give…
When you get yourself into a car accident and are injured, it is very likely that you will have to spend a lot of money for hospital bills. And though it can be a tough time, the good news is that you can get compensation for such medical expenses by hiring a personal injury lawyer. Below, we look at six important things involved in investigating and proving a car accident injury claim. Burden Of Proof One of the first things you need to understand is the concept of burden of…
Too often, entrepreneurs (especially for small projects) find out what a business plan is when it comes to applying for a loan to a bank or a grant to a public body. This formal document is nonetheless a very valuable tool before undertaking. What is a business plan? A business plan is a document that explains the essential aspects of a business project, from idea to expected profitability, through relevant aspects of strategy, marketing, human resources or technique.
I will begin this article by saying that never before in the history of mankind was it so easy to be an entrepreneur. New technologies, the use of the Internet and the global opening to do business with a click, have allowed many to own our time and run an international business from the comfort of our Smartphone. Yet millions of people around the world continue to suffer financially and with a high rate of job frustration. Do not get me wrong, I’m not against the job, what I’m against…
Having a budget is essential because it allows you to have a clear idea of your finances and thus know how much you can spend and when it is better to avoid having expenses. But it’s easy to make mistakes when you budget. We leave you a list of common mistakes people make when making a budget to avoid them.
There is much information on secrets to making money with AdSense, some give very good results and some not so, but what is effective is to use Google Adsense to improve our virtual business activities and achieves excellent profitability. Knowing the secrets requires not only attention, it requires a good dose of creativity, commercial intelligence and investment in market research and marketing.
CaveChat.org is the official forum of the National Speleological Society. Since its creation in 2005 CaveChat has quickly become the go to place for everything related to caving. With more …
What began as a routine climb to a cave passage high inside the ceiling of the main cavern at Carlsbad Caverns National Park, turned into a night of excitement for …
For the past few years a team of students and graduates from York University Cave and Pothole Club have been running an expedition to the the mountains of Durmitor, Montenegro. …
NSS Members, check your mailboxes, the November 2013 issue of NSS News could be waiting. This month’s issue features two reports, one by Art Palmer and the other by John …
Once upon a time...hairs was longer but same rhythm as guitarist in S.K.K. a 12 person reggaedub band
Egypt participated in the 5th Regional Forum on “Economic and Social Solutions for Sustainable Management of the Environment”, 14-16 April 2015
It"swhereimaginativeyouthimagine.Softmusicwaftsfromarecordplayerperchednexttothecafe"sbar.Youngpeoplesurroundingitthumbthroughbooks,massagepaintbrushesintoartworksandfiddlewiththeirphones.Severalengageinheateddiscussionatalectureinthenextroom.Othersrestintheirownroomsupstairs.It"slikeanyFridayafternoonat706YouthSpace.Theestablishmentisablendofalibrary,coffeeshop,hostelandeventcenter."706isaculturalandinformationharborcateringtoyoungpeople"sneeds,"founderWuFangrongsays."Itoffersalternativelifestyles."ThespaceislocatedinBeijing"sWudaokouarea,whichhousesthicketsofuniversities,includingsomeofthecountry"smostelite.Itspatronshailfromallwalksoflife.Thatincludesasubcultureof"slashers"－people,whoeachhaveseveral"slashcareers"－seekingaplacetoliveandaplatformtomakefriendsandshowcasetalents.丰富多维的批评标准网络文艺批评标准至少包括如下几个具体方面：一是网络生成性标准。相较于电商行业的飞速发展，物流快递服务显然还有待进步。
Important Notice: All persons whose images are displayed on HoneyDolls.com are autonomous, work from remote private premises, are neither employees, nor independent contractors of HoneyDolls.com
This popular novel concerns the lives and loves of four sisters growing up during the American Civil War, and was based on Alcott's own experiences as a child in Concord, Massachusetts. After much demand, Alcott wrote a sequel, Good Wives, which is often published together with Little Women as if it were a single work. Good Wives picks up three years after the events in the last chapter of Little Women, and includes characters and events often felt by fans to be essential to the story.
David Pocock praised for elegant sportsmanship; Wallabies educate Michael Cheika adjustments issues up
My new book, The Creative Classroom, has many ideas for improving language learners’ creative skills. In this article, I will suggest some activities you can use to get students thinking about a topic creatively. The activities here are all short and can be used as warmers. They are not intended to be complete lessons, but just brief ways to introduce a topic.
You will need to choose a topic for students to discuss. This can be something from your coursebook or you can pick something you think students would find interesting. These activities work best with intermediate and advanced level students.
If you like the activities I have included here, you might want to find a copy of my book, The Creative Classroom, published by Lynx Publishing (www.lynxpublishing.com).
Write your topic on the board. Ask students to write a few questions they might ask a stranger about the topic. Then, tell one student to go outside and find a person who would be willing to sit in your classroom for about 5 minutes. Invite the stranger in, and have the person sit in front of the class. Encourage students to ask their questions.
Line students up into 2 rows, facing each other. Make sure everyone has a partner. Tell them you want each pair to take turns calling out words related to the topic. After 2 minutes, have one line move down, and the student on the end will go around to the other side of the line. Now everyone has a new partner. This time have them say short phrases related to the topic. After 2 minutes, have them move again, and tell them to ask (but not answer) questions related to the topic. When two minutes have passed, move the line again, and tell them to exchange facts related to the topic. For the last turn, have them say their opinions. (Note: If you have an odd number of students, you have two choices: join the activity yourself, or ask one student to police the activity and call out each time 2 minutes are up.)
Call on students to give you an abstract noun, a concrete noun, a verb, and an adjective, all having some relationship to the topic. Write these up on the board. Put students into pairs and have them role play a situation that relates to your topic, using all 4 words on the board. After 5 minutes, put every pair together with another pair to make groups of 4. They take turn performing their role plays for each other. When they are finished, they vote on who has the best role play, and send that pair up to the front to perform for the class. (Note: If you have a monolingual class, you can ask them to perform the role play in their native language the first time.)
Take your students to the window of your classroom. Tell the class to choose a person outside and describe him or her briefly (you probably don’t want them to stare). Now, everyone sits down and writes a paragraph about the topic from the person’s perspective. After 5 minutes, tell students to put their pens down. Call on a few students to read out their paragraphs. (Note: If there is no window in your classroom, consider leading students to another window in the school or even outside. If this is too troublesome, you can ask students to look through their textbook for a person to write about.)
Before class, put up four large blank sheets of papers in four corners of your classroom. Each poster should have one of these words on it: Activist, Pragmatist, Reflector, Theorist. Explain to your students Honey and Mumford’s Learning Styles. (There are four learning styles. An Activist learns by doing things. A Pragmatist dislikes abstract ideas and prefers to see how something can be used in the real world. A Reflector just wants to watch and think about what he is observing. A Theorist prefers to learn by absorbing theories, facts, and concepts.) Ask students to stand up and go to the poster that has their favorite learning style. Tell them to write a few ideas related to your topic (not about the learning style). Then put them in groups of 3 or 4. Each group should be made up of students with different learning styles. Have the groups exchange their ideas and thoughts about the topic, as well as how they would like to learn about the topic.
Put students into four groups. Give each group 13 index cards. Assign each group a phrase structure, such as VERB-ARTICLE-NOUN or NOUN-VERB. Tell groups to write a different phrase on each card, using the structure you gave them. Emphasize that the phrases can be wild, surreal or nonsensical (IGNORE THE SUN, DOG SMILE). Collect the cards. Tell the class your topic. Invite a student to come to the front of the class, choose a card at random, and read it out. The rest of the class must find some connection between the phrase and your topic.
Hall Houston has taught EFL for over a decade in Hong Kong and Taiwan. He is currently a full-time English Instructor at Kainan University in Luzhu, Taiwan. His first book, The Creative Classroom, was published in 2007. His second book, Provoking Thought, was published in 2009.His professional interests include task-based teaching, group dynamics, discourse analysis, creativity and critical thinking.
It’s been almost six months since Mike Duggan took over as mayor of Detroit. He took over a city however, run by someone else: state-appointed Emergency Manager Kevyn Orr.
But, that doesn’t mean Duggan has been denied all the rites of passage of the job including the schlep to Lansing to ask the state Legislature for something. Every mayor has to do it. And Duggan had to go to Lansing with a really big ‘ask.’ We’re talking about the $195 million dollar rescue package for his city (that’s right, ‘rescue,’ ‘settlement.’ Just don’t call it a ‘bailout.’)
Getting the Republican-led state House and Senate to go along with sending almost $200 million dollars to a Democratically-controlled city was not an easy task.
Along with Emergency Manager Kevyn Orr, Duggan’s mission was to get those millions from Lansing and pool it with the millions put up by businesses and foundations to safeguard the assets of the Detroit Institute of Arts and lessen cuts to Detroit retirees’ benefits.
Duggan had to satisfy skeptics that the Grand Bargain was a good deal. He also had to keep critics at bay who said the city was giving away too much of its power to a financial oversight board.
In order to get the Detroit legislation passed, Republicans demanded accountability. They wanted less political power invested directly into the city when it comes to any sort of assistance for Detroit.
With Election 2014 on the horizon, Republicans (you know, the ones who control the state House, and the state Senate) were also not particularly interested in the idea of voting to send millions of dollars to Detroit and then going back to explain their votes to their constituents over the summer recess.
Enter, Mike Duggan, a new mayor with no real official power of his own begging the Legislature not to dissipate that power (as well as that of the Detroit City Council) even more.
But let’s not be dismissive. Duggan still brought a lot to the game. First of all, the man’s got skills. Duggan may be the new mayor of Detroit, but he is not new to the political rodeo circuit.
Before he was mayor, before he was a hospital CEO, even before he was an elected county prosecutor, he was “Mr. Fix-It” for the powerful Wayne County Executive Ed McNamara. McNamara was Michigan’s last really successful machine politician. That is to say, Duggan certainly knows the art of the deal.
He also has those ever-important relationships. It’s easy (but lazy) to simply divide the political world into the Republican column and the Democratic column, or liberals versus conservative. In fact, there are many commonalities that can bring people together (or drive them apart) in the political realm.
Duggan is a centrist Democrat whose career began in Wayne County’s Livonia, turf that’s typically friendly to the political center and doesn’t frown on cross-party alliances. There are Republican lawmakers who actually fundraised for Duggan when he was running for mayor-- helping him become one of the most significant Democratic politicians in Michigan.
Another significant point: Like it or not, Duggan did not come to the negotiations over state money for Detroit with union baggage. When Duggan ran for mayor, the unions backed his opponent, Benny Napoleon. That fact alone made Duggan more acceptable to Republicans, and it was liberating in the sense that he didn’t owe the unions any favors as he negotiated the city’s role in the settlement. (Winning clearer conditions for the city to regain direct control over its budgeting, and a place for the city council on the financial control board.)
Mike Duggan has by no means made his final official schlep to Lansing. There are just too many policies and laws (taxes, for example) that are Detroit-specific. The good news for the nascent Duggan administration is the new mayor now has a successful history of working with Lansing.
But a lot of the relationships that were key to that success in his first six months are coming to an end because of term limits. That includes key allies like Walsh and state Senate Majority Leader Randy Richardville. In fact, three of the four legislative leaders in Lansing are leaving after this year.
That means Duggan’s heading toward a rebuilding year when it comes to his relations with Lansing decision-makers.
Support for the Detroit Journalism Cooperative on Michigan Radio comes from the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, Renaissance Journalism's Michigan Reporting Initiative, and the Ford Foundation.
"Unfortunately, this is an issue that I would admit there are too much politics going on." That was Gov. Rick Snyder last night, after it became clear that a major roads funding package was not going to get passed in the state Senate.
"...If we were sitting at the kitchen table as a big family,” he continued, “and you looked at this issue, we would have solved this problem.”
Sure. Or our big family would fight about who wrecked the roads in the first place and that it was your fault – you and your big truck – which is why we can’t have nice roads and don’t you know I have a primary and, by the way, I haven’t forgotten who wrecked the roads that you won’t fix because you should.
There were a lot of reasons why this road-funding deal failed to come together, despite some recent instances of actual bipartisanship, like increasing the state’s minimum wage and the Detroit rescue package. But those were exceptions in this era of Republican hegemony in Lansing.
With money to fix roads hanging in the balance, presidential politics could stand in the way of the new trend of bipartisan action on big, controversial issues.
But, really, any notion that there’s a new era of bipartisanship at the state Capitol should be shelved, despite the Democratic and Republican coalitions in the Legislature that pushed through deals on increasing the minimum wage and the Detroit rescue package. And that’s because each was an anomaly that brought Democrats to the bargaining table in Republican-controlled Lansing.
When you break down the Detroit votes, for example, you see two very different pictures in the House and in the Senate. In the House, almost all the Republicans voted for the rescue. A few Democrats were the holdouts. In the Senate, Democrats made up the difference as most Republicans -- 16 out of 26 -- voted “no” on the main bills in the Detroit package.
What this says is the parameters of each deal were different (even when we’re talking about the exact same legislation) depending on whether it’s the House or the Senate. For example, a larger proportion of the Republicans in the Senate have serious primaries.
This week at the annual Detroit Regional Chamber’s policy conference on Mackinac Island, Governor Snyder joined the chorus of people calling for an update to Michigan’s Elliott-Larsen Civil Rights act to include protections for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people… sort of.
There is a lot of spoon-feeding to the press here on the Island – a litany of press conferences and media scrums. And, yesterday, one of those press conferences was held by a group of business leaders who want LGBT protections rolled into the civil rights law.
Meanwhile, at almost the exact same time as these business leaders were making their announcement, the Governor was talking to us, telling us he thought the legislature ought to take the issue up.
But, did he actually endorse it? “I’m encouraging them to say there’s been a lot of dialog and discussion on this. It’s been healthy in the public and I think it could be an appropriate topic for the legislators to take up. I would appreciate that,” the Governor said. And, that statement is fairly typical of the multiple exchanges we had with the governor on this topic.
Gov. Rick Snyder used the phrase “this is not a bailout” five times in the 26 minutes he used to announce the first details of a “grand bargain” to settle the Detroit bankruptcy and the fight over pension benefits.
The governor’s plan would commit as much as $350 million over 20 years to help dig Detroit out of bankruptcy and keep the assets of the Detroit Institute of Arts off the auction block.
The money would most likely come from what Michigan is getting from the national tobacco settlement, that 15-year-old cash cow that’s been tapped for college scholarships, economic development, Medicaid – the list goes on. And now it might be part of the Detroit bailout (but don’t call it a “bailout").
So, there’s this plan and a revenue stream to go along with it. Now, the governor just has to sell it to the Legislature.The Michigan Constitution requires every dollar that goes to the state to go through the Legislature’s appropriations process.
And we wouldn’t exactly call this a done deal or an easy sell. After all, this is an election year. And Republicans, especially those west of Lansing and north of Clare, have little reason to go along with a political hot potato like aid for Detroit. At least two Senate Republicans, probably more, are looking at primaries. Plenty of House Republicans are also looking over their shoulders for a Tea Party primary challenge. Politically speaking, there are probably more reasons not to do this than to do this.
In Lansing yesterday with the state House approving that $195 million for Detroit, a lot of us were anticipating a close vote. A very close vote.
There was a lot of back and forth about how many votes the Republicans would have to put up and how many the Democrats would have to put up. But, in the end, it wasn’t even close.
Other than the dust-up over the Detroit Institute of Arts millage the package passed by big lopsided margins and overwhelming Republican support. Which, when you think about it, is a very interesting dynamic: overwhelming GOP support for the state coming to the aid of a city run by Democrats.
DavenportMugshots.com is unaffiliated with the Scott County Sheriff's office and make no guarantees as to the accuracy of this information.
A lot has happened in my life since I decided to drop the counter-productive title “aspiring writer” and embrace the fact that you either are a writer or you aren’t.
I’ve completed 3 issues of my comic book, 4 is written and issue 1 of my next book has a completed script.
I’ve spent the last 15 months learning more about the business and promoting, meeting new people, schlocking my wares, going to events and conventions, and doing anyt and everything I can to generally improve my footprint in the entertainment world.
I haven’t done everything right. I’ve done some things really right, specifically not compromising on quality at any turn. I’d rather not show you anything if it’s not good (perfect is unrealistic, good is not).
Do I wish every day it was my full-time job and enough to support my family? Of course. That’s the future, and hopefully, not too distant, but I’m working towards it every day.
Shady Place will be a series. The Couch is going into production on issue #4. Amara is half written. And I have numerous other comic projects and novels on the docket.
Year One may have been a learning experience; there may have been ups and downs, but one thing is for sure:
I’m happy to answer any questions I can, find me via the website or social media and please follow along on this journey as things heat up.
© 2018 davidchutlashvili.com. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Welcome to the David C Little gallery. Please select from the galley areas to the left to view David's outstanding work.
[ home | about | projects | gallery | services | weddings | pricing | contact ] Last updated 10-09-2007
Quick Links: David Emerson > Switch of parties > Supporters > Critics Legal Aspects > Relevant legal instruments > Overview: 18 legal initiatives launched/proposed >> 8 inquiries: H. of C. Conflict of Interest Code >> Inquiry: Subsection 482(b)--Canada Elections Act >> Inquiry: Section 3--Charter of Rights & Freedoms Legal Links > Conflict of Interest & Ethics Commissioner > Commissioner of Canada Elections > Democracy Watch--Government Ethics campaign
 [18 February 2006] Press Release: Did David Emerson violate subsection 482(b) of Canada Elections Act? (PDF download)
 [26 February 2006] Affidavit for Liberal Voters in Vancouver-Kingsway in 39th General Election. (HTML) (PDF download)
People are welcome to use the Liberal voter affidavit in adapted form in their own legal initiatives.
 [2 March 2006] Request for an Opinion to Mr. Raymond A. Landry, Commissioner of Elections Canada. (PDF download)
 [21 March 2006] 15 March letter from Senior Counsel to the Commissioner of Canada Elections, received by Dan Fass on 21 March, saying that David Emerson did not violate Subsection 482(b) of the Canada Elections Act. (HTML) (PDF download)
 [22 March 2006] News Release: Commissioner of Canada Elections says David Emerson did not violate subsection 482(b) of Canada Elections Act. (PDF download)
The Law firm of David J. Franks is a client-focused law firm, established in 1990. David Franks and Katie Franks use a team approach to handle their client’s legal needs. Our focus is on Families, Small Business, and Individual’s. David has over 24 years’ experience and concentrates his practice in Estate Planning – Wills, Trusts… Read more »
On Thursday, April 29, 2010, a “Teach-In on Capitol Hill,” was held in Room 2168 of the Rayburn House Building, in Washington, D.C., dealing with the question of what the U.S. Congress must do to end the U.S. Wars and secure a peaceful Middle East. Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich (D-OH) served as the Moderator. On the panel were: David Swanson, Chris Hedges, Ann Wright, Jeremy Scahill and Josh Stieber. For more details on this event and its sponsors, go to: http://www.afterdowningstreet.org/node/51592
On Thursday, April 29, 2010, a “Teach-In on Capitol Hill,” was held in Room 2168 of the Rayburn Building, in D.C., dealing with the question of what the U.S. Congress must do to end the U.S. Wars and secure a peaceful Middle East. David Swanson, the author of “Daybreak: Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union,” was one of the five panelists. During the Q&A, he was asked a question about the need for accountability for public officials who are suspected of breaking the laws and sanctioning torture, rendition and other unlawful acts.
Get your transfer information with-in one business day from date of purchase. Feel safe and secure with your transaction
Monthly payments are based on 10 equal installments of the total price of the domain once initial payment is made instuctions will be sent on how to use the domain immediatly. After the domain is paid in full, complete ownership will be transferred with-in one business day
Davis Chinese Film Festival (DCFF) is hosted by Davis Chinese Film Festival Foundation (DCFFF). DCFFF is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization which was estabilished in January 2014. The EIN of DCFFF is 46-4735828. All staff at DCFFF are volunteers.
• To develop friendship between peoples of the United States and China, and to become an annual celebration event to make Davis a better community to live in
• To encourage creative activities to the highest standards. In the meantime, to create opportunities for collaboration in the Sino-US film industry
Take a stroll down the streets of Liberty City... but lookout... someone will probably run you over.
Hello there! Happy Monday! The weekend went by so fast! I had a blast with a dozen wonderful ladies at In The Woods Retreat in West Olive Michigan. We had a fabulous weekend of creativity!
Now that I am home and unpacked, I have something very exciting to share with you today! You can join the Stampin` Up! family for just $25 – I am so excited I could just sequel! This starts TODAY and ends October 21st – just two weeks to take advantage of this GREAT offer!
During this offer, only the special $25 starter kit will be available; the regular $99 starter kit will not be available.
$26.95 worth of Stampin’ Up! product (it must be more than $25, but not more than $26.95 before tax)
I would love to talk to you about joining my team!! If you have any questions please don’t hesitate to call me at 231 690 0900 or email me at dawn@dawnscreativechalet. I am just super excited about this and weather you want to just grab the discounts that a demonstrator is able to receive and other fun benefits.. or you want to make it a business – I am here to help and support you!
The $25 kit includes up to $26.95 of your choice of Stampin’ Up! products (value must be more than $25, but not more than $26.95 before tax), a supply of annual and holiday catalogs and it all ships FREE. Our regular $99 Starter Kit will not be available for purchase during this two-week period.
Test drive Stampin’ Up! exclusive resources and discounts through April 30, 2014, with no obligation to purchase anything further.
Receive 30% off your first demonstrator order of $150 or more (before shipping and tax). Must be placed within 45 days of purchasing your kit.
Reach $300 in sales by March 31, 2014 and renew an additional quarter (through June 30, 2014). There’s NO penalty to drop.
It’s up to you! Purchase the kit just for yourself and/or have fun and share Stampin’ Up! with friends while making a little extra money.
PURCHASE YOUR $25 KIT THROUGH ME and you’ll become a member of my Creative Chalet Team as well as part of Stampin’ Up! nationwide, friendly, resourceful, virtual and fun! Hobby stampers are always welcome in my group!
Thank you SO much for stopping by. Please contact me if this sounds like something you might even remotely be interested in. Stampin` Up! is celebrating their 25 year Anniversary and there has NEVER been a time that joining has been at this price.. ever! You really do not have a thing to loose. I am here to guide you every step and I’d love to have you on my Creative Chalet Team and the Stampin` Up! Family! Have a fantabulous day!!! Make something pretty and get inky!! *hugs*
Please note that this software was written to work with Risc OS 3.7. It may work with later (and earlier) 26-bit versions of OS but is unlikely to work with the 32-bit versions on the Iyonix.
There is nothing I can do about this. My Risc PC died early in 2005 and nothing I have tried will bring it back to life. All the source code is on its hard drive. I probably do have copies on floppies but without access to the machine I cannot read them.
Wombat is a desktop program which will convert text file character sets to and from Acorn Latin 1 and Mac/DOS/Windows character sets. It converts line endings and characters. Where a conversion can’t be done then a sensible substitute is made instead where possible. There’s a batch mode for converting all the text files in a directory too.
Version 0.37 is the same as 0.36 except that it uses dynamic areas for its workspace (where these are available).
Of course it won’t run under Mac OS, Unix or any other operating system either but then if you use one of these you’ve probably sussed that out already. It seems to be only PC users who have trouble in this respect :-)
If you are planning to bring in a trade or consignment, please call ahead to make sure Pat will be available and make sure the gun has been cleaned!
RigMaster Power Internaional LTD. provides quality Auxiliary Power Units for the trucking, military, mass transit, off-highway, and mining industries. RigMaster Power's line-up of products now include Kohler Tier 4 Final engines. Since RigMaster has a reputation for quality and did not want to lower the output to meet regulations, they opted instead to change to Kohler engines and maintain their high standards. Due to the Kohler engine, performance is not compromised; Kohler allows RigMaster APUs to run at 10.5 HP @ 2400 RPMS. Additionally, Kohler engines permit more oil volume, thereby reducing maintenance intervals. The Classic Generator Model has been enhanced to be lighter and more compact, with top-of-the-line components from Denso (MTS-T46K). Both APUs have Dual Blower HVAC boxes (24,000 BTUs); a choice of heat (13,000 BTUs automotive-style, or 7,000 BTUs Webasto heater, or no heat); and a Catwalk Sub-frame is also available to fit those trucks which don't have room to mount the unit on the side rail.
The power of the Big Tent lies not with any individual or with any shiny advertising or marketing campaigns, but with the combined weight of dozens of organizations and agencies who believe in the collective value of outdoor recreation.
We are an organic group, with no Executive Director. We come together periodically, meet on an as-needed basis, and gather each year in Olympia to show policy-makers and opinion leaders that outdoor recreation is a critical sector in Washington, one that brings jobs, revenue, active and healthy living, and tourism to a state blessed with mind-numbing natural beauty.
On this website you will find a statement about who we are and how we came to be; a listing of our current members; contacts; information about how you can join us; meeting announcements; links to press releases and topical articles; and of course some background pictures of the outdoors.
We hope you find this site helpful, and that you won’t hesitate to tell us how we can add to it and improve. It belongs to all of us who marvel at the stunning natural resources which make Washington a special place in which to live, work, and play. Thanks for stopping by!
(OLYMPIA) -- Governor Jay Inslee, newly elected Public Lands Commissioner Hilary Franz, leaders on Washington’s and Colorado's outdoor recreation policy, and Washington State Legislators will join over 60 organizations that have a deep passion for the outdoors in celebrating the 5th Annual Big Tent Outdoor Recreation Rally Day. Festivities take place midday February 15th on the State Capitol grounds.
Join the Big Tent Coalition on the grounds of the capitol as we bring awareness to the critical economic importance of the outdoor recreation economy in Washington State.
Lunch and refreshments will be served throughout the event. Grab a cup of Ivar's Chowder, coffee. snacks or hot chocolate and explore the displays of over 30 outdoor recreation organizations. This event is FREE and open to industry partners and the public. Please register so that you have a pre-printed name badge and quick access to the event and to join the Big Tent information list to receive updates and news from our coalition.
Washington would no longer be the only state in the nation without a statewide tourism marketing program under legislation introduced in both the state House and Senate this week. The legislation would create an industry-led Tourism Marketing Authority and provide performance-based industry funding mechanisms without additional taxes. Both HB1123 and SB 5251 (the same legislation but entered in both the Senate and House) have bipartisan support from legislators representing urban and rural districts throughout the state.
In addition to fueling the growth of fast-growing entrepreneurial companies, national monuments give a shot in the arm to local economies.
Outdoor recreation is an economic colossus: its reach is massive, its wealth enormous, and its influence continues to grow as more boots hit the ground. You can see it in Joshua Tree’s crowded campgrounds or in Mount Tam’s trailhead parking lots; in the Appalachian Trail’s thru-hiking numbers or in REI’s record sales. Americans are heading outdoors in huge numbers and paying handsomely for the privilege. But how much, precisely? For years the industry’s contribution to the nation’s economy was as much guesswork as fact.
The Big Tent was established September 7, 2012, in the Tacoma program center of The Mountaineers, with 25-30 representatives from outdoor recreation organizations, environmental organizations, and lands and conservancy groups. The Big Tent Coalition is an association of the primary organizations participating in outdoor recreation in Washington State. The more than 45 organizations involve over 200,000 members. Learn more
EDGTs nursing tutorials are designed to be fun and easy to use while creating a powerful learning tool for both the instructor and students. Students can learn interactively at their own pace, and instructors can track the students progress and resulting test scores. all real-time, all online. EDGTs tutorials and tests work great on desktop computers as well as tablets! Use the links below to experience a sample of one of EDGTs online tutorials and tests. See how fun and easy online learning can be, and imagine how this can be incorporated into your schools curriculum. Then, check our products page to see the full selection of tutorial topics that we offer. Build Your Own Bundle. Save even more by building your own tutorial bundle! We lower the price of our tutorials when you purchase them as a bundle. Purchase 3 or more tutorials as a bundle, and we will discount the price of each tutorial down to $325 per tutorial. This is a savings of $75-$170 per tutorial. Enjoy our unlimited-user site license!
Special Price: $975.00 Regularly: $1125.00 Promotion Expires: 06/30/2018. Nursing Practice Bundle. EDGTs nursing tutorials are designed to be fun and easy to use while creating a powerful learning tool for both the instructor and students. Students can learn interactively at their own pace, and instructors can track the students progress and resulting test scores. all real-time, all online. EDGTs tutorials and tests work great on desktop computers as well as tablets! Special Price: $1350.00 Regularly: $1625.00 Promotion Expires: 06/30/2018. Want to receive updates on our specials? Sign Up For Our Email List. Popular EDGT Tutorials. Management Skills: Effective Delegation. This purchase is a one year extension of a tutorial previously purchased from EDGT and includes an unlimited number of users at the site o. Medication Maestro: Safe Medication Administration. This purchase is a one year extension of a tutorial previously purchased from EDGT and includes an unlimited number of users at the site o. Basic Head-to-Toe Patient Assessment. This tutorial will help nurses acquire basic physical assessment skills enabling them to conduct a basic head-to-toe patient assessment. Physiology: Promoting Fluid and Electrolyte Balance. This tutorial focuses on how nurses can promote fluid and electrolyte balance and help patients achieve an optimum state of wellness. Site Navigation. Support Videos.
If Roger Saterlee wishes to find beauty in astrology, and others find religion in it, I have no problem with that. However the "random hits" that reinforce a believe in the fundamental idea of astrology can also be found in tea-leaf reading, palmistry, and presumably haruspicey, although I have never tried the last one. I am virtually certain there is more to astrology than that, and if one does charts and gives advice to paying customers, it had better be for more than kicks. Professional responsibility requires honing one's knowledge to the greatest possible extent, to make it the most generally applicable.
I indeed state that is not a subset of psychology. Psychology is only a theoretical representation of mental states, which may or may not have real-world correspondence.
Astrology on the other hand concerns the interaction "of earth and heaven" which includes such measurable phemomina as tides, eclipses, seasons, storms, the diurnal cycle and mass trends visible through stock market, economic and other cycles, and the cyclic emergence and decline of theories of government.
Mundane astrology treats of non-corporal mass entities and horary interprets reality according to a highly structured schema that relates actors and script according to diurnal placement.
Madam! I am delighted to meet you once again! Pragmatic astrologers are not only much maligned but apparently quite rare (and possibly endangered) creatures. Indeed you are correct, I've never heard you say such a thing, and if I had, I probably wouldn't be discoursing with you now, having left you behind as I have all the other twits that can't see beyond what they have had force-fed them. But I am, because I have had the opportunity to do so quite enjoyably in the past!
As I recall, you are the only astrologer that I have had occasion to meet that did not reject the notion of the "astrological phenomenon" as the reality that the construct of astrology addresses, out of hand! In fact, you put it quite succinctly: "(Isn't anyone) interested in how all this works?", or words to that effect. Now I wonder: does that make *me* a pragmatic astrologer? I hope so!!
These assumptions are important considerations, of course, but in the interests of observing the Abbot of Occam's hoary blade, it is probably best if we see how we can proceed without treating of them.
Let me propose an assumption: if we can experience the astrological effect, then we might assume that it exists (at least in part) within the framework of our universe according to the rules we commonly assign there. The implications of this would neatly take care of the epistemological and metaphysical aspects, I think. So we could begin with what seems a part of our dependable knowledge of ourselves and our universe.
It is an historical fact that the practice of predicting eclipses and Nile floods was an important part of the practice of astrology. The evidence of the calendar is ample proof that a knowledge of the interaction of the heavens and the earth was deemed of profound importance. You are right, in my view. It is considered trite to contemplate that these too were once proper subjects of astrological consideration.
The reason for this is obvious. We have discovered the mechanisms by which these interactions take place and it is assumed that they are no longer matters for astrological consideration, which is now (probably) properly concerned with the significances involved in the celestial/terrestrial interaction. But the elision of those concerns from astrology is based on an assumption that is ridiculously easy to falsify. The assumption is, or must be if the logic follows, that tides and floods and earthquakes and eclipses have no significance whatever! This is patently absurd!!!
In order to separate these concerns properly from astrology, it is necessary to demonstrate why they are now no longer of human significance. It is not allowable to make the assumption that it is not; the burden of proof rests on those who would make the assertion, and I'd bet the farm that they can't do that!
I claim to study "objective astrology" and do not think doing so removes any of its value to people, in the slightest.
I suggest that whoever wishes to use the terms, "Natural Astrology," "Natural View of Astrology," etc. carefully define what s/he means by the term. Otherwise any debate on the issue will be pointless. Indeed, we may find that there is no disagreement at all, but that different people are talking about the same thing using different words.
In my work I try to find experimental designs such that any two or larger group of people, when they see the evidence, will have no alternative but to say that Theory A, for example, predicted events a(1), a(2), a(3), and so on, and that the data at hand did, or did not, verify the predictions. This is necessary because of the ambiguity in predictions. For example, I can predict an earthquake and severe storm tomorrow. I am sure I will be right because, give or take 12 hours, and "tomorrow" is a function of location, there is almost always a severe storm and earthquake somewhere. Of course, "severe storm" and "earthquake" must be defined as to magnitude. And so on and so on. Geoffry Dean amongst others has hammered on this for 15 years or more --sometimes a bit too stringently I think. Astrology will never be an experimental science like chemistry. But the possibility does exist of finding a set of principles that work for all knowing and experienced practitioners.
grade word problems printable second math problem worksheets third addition and subtraction workshee.
3rd grade math addition word problems worksheets bar modelling and subtraction worksheet third,third grade math addition and subtraction word problems worksheets large print digit plus with no regrouping 3rd,collection of first grade addition word problems worksheets third math and subtraction 3rd , fun addition worksheets third grade math and subtraction word problems 3rd,third grade subtraction word problems worksheets problem math addition and 3rd,third grade math addition and subtraction word problems worksheets 3rd printable fall interior design o ,3rd grade math addition word problems worksheets third and subtraction fraction,3rd grade math addition word problems worksheets third and subtraction grocery store for kids free search puzzles,third grade math addition and subtraction word problems worksheets 3rd 2,3rd grade math addition word problems worksheets and subtraction problem solving for third.
You have different responsibilities: a job or business, family and yourself. These responsibilities can leave you with little time to spend on things that you are passionate about. Whether you choose to work on a side project or a hobby, how do you find the time?
Why schedule it? You may have different things that you want to accomplish including your side project. By scheduling it, you make it a priority. If it is on your schedule, you are more likely to do it and less likely to shove it aside for something else.
How much time to you give your project? Your other priorities like family time, hobbies and taking care of yourself will help you to determine how much time to devote to your project. Even if you have 15 minutes per day, you can get closer to finishing your project in small increments.
Plans, goals, To-do lists, bullet journals or a chalkboard can help you keep your side projects on track. No matter what productivity tools that you decide on, they’ll help you on track.
Should you stop? A side project should be fun. You should learn something new and enjoy doing it. If your enjoyment is dwindling and you dread doing it, quit working on the project. You can always start something new.
Sometimes you may need a break. You take days off from work to relax or enjoy a holiday. If you need a break, take it. Your side project should not be another job that you create for yourself. It should be something that you want to do.
Side projects should be something that you want to do. It should let you explore new ideas, be creative and find out if you have a passion for it. When you decide to work on a side project, you can be more successful by:
Is the flag that the astronauts left still on the moon? If so can it be seen by using a telescope? What about the lunar rover? Can we use the Hubble Space Telescope to see anything left behind by the astronauts?
Yes, the flag is still on the moon, but you can't see it using a telescope. I found some statistics on the size of lunar equipment in a Press Kit for the Apollo 16 mission. The flag is 125 cm (4 feet) long, and you would need an optical wavelength telescope around 200 meters (~650 feet) in diameter to see it. The largest optical wavelength telescope that we have now is the Keck Telescope in Hawaii which is 10 meters in diameter. The Hubble Space Telescope is only 2.4 meters in diameter - much too small!
Resolving the larger lunar rover (which has a length of 3.1 meters) would still require a telescope 75 meters in diameter.
Even barely resolving the lunar lander base, which is 9.5 meters across (including landing gear), would require a telescope about 25 meters across. And in reality you would want a couple (or a few) resolution elements across the object so that it's possible to identify it. (Otherwise it'll look like a one pixel detection, not an image, and I don't think people would be convinced by a couple pixels!) In addition, with a ground based telescope, you have to deal with distortion by the atmosphere as well, so you'll probably want something considerably larger than 25 meters if you want a good, believable, image of the lander. We don't have anything that big built yet! So there's really no way to image equipment left behind by the astronauts with current telescope technology.
More details for the mathematically inclined: How did I calculate this stuff? Well, here's the procedure. Let's take the case of Hubble and find out what the smallest thing it can see on the surface of the Moon is.
Resolution (in radians) = (wavelength)/(telescope diameter) or R= w/D. This is a formula from optics.
So for Hubble we know that the telescope diameter is 2.4 meters (it's not very big - it had to fit into the Shuttle.) Also, we know that visible wavelength light is in the range 400-700 nanometers. I'll use 600 nm, because it's somewhere in the middle and I've used it before for this calculation.
If you use all units of meters and do R= (600e-9)/(2.4) = 2.5e-7. Well, that gives us the resolution of Hubble in radians which isn't too intuitive, but we can convert to meters on the surface of the Moon.
To find the spatial extent that 2.5e-7 radians is at the distance of the moon, set up a triangle between Earth and the Moon, where R is the angle in radians that we calculated, x is the side opposite angle R which corrosponds to the object on the moon, and the adjacent side is the Earth-Moon distance. Then you have Tangent(R)=x/(distance Moon). The distance to the moon is 384,400 km. So converting to meters again and plugging in R and dmoon will give you a size in meters of the smallest size thing HST can see.
When you do this you get 96.1 meters (315 feet). The astronauts didn't leave anything this big! If you look at this HST image of the Moon you can see that they say "Hubble can resolve features as small as 280 feet across." I think they used 500 nm as their wavelength instead of 600 nm, but it's the same order of magnitude as what we got here. So there's no way HST can see anything humans left behind. HST can do a good job of studying large-scale geology, like craters, which is what the images were of. People and their stuff are just really small on a planetary scale!
Update from Ann: It's still the case that the relatively small telescopes we have on Earth, and orbiting Earth, can't see these tiny features on the Moon. But in 2009 NASA launched the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter (LRO) probe to orbit the Moon, study the landscape in detail, and characterize the environment (mostly focused on checking for radiation, with which future astronauts would have to contend).
In addition to carrying out this scientific mission, LRO was able to take images of the Apollo landing sites (for the Apollo 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, and 17 missions) and could identify the flags and other equipment. Read more about that here or here, and check out NASA's multimedia image archive from LRO including this stunning image of the Apollo 11 site.
Lynn uses radar astronomy to study the planets, especially Venus. She got her PhD in Astronomy from Cornell in Summer 2004 and is now working at the Smithsonian in Washington D.C. on the Mars Express radar.
Do galaxies that are receding from us faster than the speed of light disappear from our observations? (Intermediate)
If spacetime is curved, is it possible for us to look into space and see light from Earth from long ago? (Intermediate)
What is the significance of the Tropic of Cancer, Tropic of Capricorn, Arctic Circle and Antarctic Circle? (Beginner)
What is the significance of the Tropic of Cancer, Tropic of Capricorn, Arctic Circle and Antarctic Circle? (Beginner)
Ask an Astronomer is run by volunteers in the Astronomy Department at Cornell University. Most of us are graduate students at Cornell, and all of us do this voluntarily, in our own time, fitting it in around our other work. Please take the time to browse our site and first try to use the resources online to find an answer to your question.
How to draw and ferocious bear diabetes diet plan christmas ornament crafts car cheap in loan uk lil wayne update car cash title loans in tucson car loan creditworthiness easy jewish recipes natalie portman jewish! Auto loan calculator with interest how to draw rose pictures depeche mode top 10 decorating a small living room how to cook a life which digital cameras free credit card numbers that work health insurance mn toyota celica gt for sale jennifer aniston recent movies lanzarote february gjilani foto.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014
http://www.keiduidelijk.nl/forums/user/bihipep/ I was sitting in the kitchen table watching Mom fix spaghetti for dinner party. Mom stood barely five feet tall, with feet that were crippled and permanently drawn up, like a snake on the point of strike. She had to have her shoes custom made, for she would never find shoes within the local shoe store. I sat watching my plump mother wondering again for that hundredth time why she wore her grey hair on that eternal bun, a blood-chilling scream suddenly rent the air.
https://trucknow.biz/author/creskeri/ Well, although it make sense that Inversion Therapy will benefit us in many ways. I think I was sold on top of the reduction or elimination of back pain, but it has helped folks other important ways as well. Theres no denying that gravity is our constant companion as we get older and things start heading south, as they say. It would be nice to reverse the effect of gravity, reduce pain, improve brain function and even build the next self image.
https://www.deviantart.com/martad17xp Sclerotherapy, a chemical is injected in the veins belonging to the hemorrhoid. Usually used for spider or varicose veins their leg or calf subject. The veins will then shrink or dry up and no more blood to the hemorrhoid, thus they shrivel up.
People are losing their faith over the pope’s http://www.nous-sommes-13-millions.com/author/liokiya/ refusal to speak or act.
So we could confidently recommend his http://krohmies.de/author/dispquaede/ soul to the goodness of God. Lord, we thank you for that testimony of your servant Joachim.
We know that it had been difficult https://www.tajirika.ga/members/kemora80/ for him, this passionat...
Boree (sometimes accented on the last syllable) is the aboriginal name for the Weeping Myall - the best firewood in Australia except Gidgee.
If you’d like the audition forms sent to you in advance, email Jennifer Perrino at jenniferperrino@CLPShows.org
Please note: Everyone will not have to attend callbacks – you will be asked to attend (and expected to attend if asked). This is when you will read from the script. However, not being asked to callbacks doesn’t mean you won’t be cast.
You may be tested for Dance at the audition for Best Little Whorehouse In Texas and 42nd Street depending on role. Note: There will be additional dance at the callback too.
For any of the 3 musicals, prepare 16 to 32 bars of a song that best demonstrates your vocal ability. You will read from the script at callbacks.
Almost Heaven/The Songs of John Denver, playing any musical instrument is not required but is a plus, particularly guitar.
A headshot/picture is appreciated. Please bring a headshot and resume for each show you are auditioning for, e.g. 2 shows =2 headshots and resumes; 3 shows =3 headshots etc.
No more than 2 conflicts will be accepted during the rehearsal process for each of these productions.
Cast members do not have to be the actual ages of the characters in any of the productions - But must be able to look age appropriate and act accordingly.
Conceived by Harold Thau with orchestrations, vocal arrangements, and music supervision by Jeff Waxman
Almost Heaven weaves together the songs of John Denver to create a uniquely theatrical narrative that reflects upon the country during the years in which he wrote them. Twenty-nine of Denver's songs – including “Rocky Mountain High,” “Sunshine on My Shoulders,” “Annie’s Song,” “Leaving on a Jet Plane,” “Calypso” and more – are rediscovered and reinvented, performed against a backdrop of stunning visual images of America in the late ‘60s and early ‘70s,a time of political upheaval, yet great beauty and hope. Tim Perrino, Director; Greg Dastillung, Music Director
Music by HARRY WARREN; Lyrics by AL DUBIN; Book by MICHAEL STEWART & MARK BRAMBLE Based on the Novel by BRADFORD ROPES Original Direction and Dances by GOWER CHAMPION Originally Produced on Broadway by DAVID MERRICK
The ultimate show-biz musical, 42ND STREET celebrates Broadway, Times Square, and the people who make the magic of musical theatre. Aspiring chorus girl Peggy Sawyer comes to the big city from Allentown PA, and soon lands her first big job in the ensemble of a glitzy new Broadway show. But just before opening night, the leading lady breaks her ankle. Will Peggy be able to step in and become a star? The score is chock-full of Broadway standards, including “Dames,” “We’re In the Money,” “Lullaby of Broadway,” “Shuffle Off to Buffalo” and “Forty-Second Street.” Maggie Perrino, Director/Choreographer; Steve Goers, Music Director
Benjamin Braddock is a confused young man. Having spent four years crafting a brilliant scholastic record, he finds himself adrift upon graduation, uncertain about his future, disconnected from his purpose, and increasingly alienated from the upper-class, suburban, “plastic” world of his parents. Fighting panic and boredom, he is deeply conflicted but ultimately willing when Mrs. Robinson, the unhappily married, alcoholic, and dangerously charismatic wife of his father’s business partner, tempts him into an affair. Benjamin’s tenuous existence of lazy days and stolen nights falls apart when he falls in love -- with Elaine, Mrs. Robinson’s upbeat, optimistic daughter. Terry Johnson’s stage adaptation of The Graduate, based on the novel and the iconic 1967 film, is a bitterly hilarious dark comedy, full of rapid fire dialogue between fascinating and horrifying characters. This play explores family dysfunction, parental expectations, crumbling marriages, and the naive, yet disillusioned, dichotomy of youth, against the backdrop of 1960’s America. Greg Procaccino, Director
The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas is a rollicking hootenanny of a musical based on the true story of a legendary Texas brothel, which operated from the 1840s to 1973. Protected by a friendly sheriff and frequented by politicians, football teams, and others, the “Chicken Ranch” thrived in the small town of Gilbert, Texas. Girls came from all over to work at the ranch and make a little extra cash. However, a crusading do-gooder Houston radio commentator and his conservative audience expose the Chicken Ranch, forcing it to shut its doors forever. Great songs include: Dolly Parton’s Hard Candy Christmas, The Aggie Song and Twenty Four Hours of Lovin’. The hit movie featured Dolly Parton and Burt Reynolds! Jay Goodlett, Director/Choreographer
“I’d tell them that you don’t have to be anybody.Because I’d know that being somebody doesn’t make you anybody anyway.” – Gia Carangi.
I’m a mother, daughter, sister, friend, lover, student, a noble nobody and this is my blog. Taking a run with what I think is style, fashion and all that jazz. Sharing and making mistakes is the main purpose of this blog. I’d like to think my style is a clash between Miroslava Duma and Jen Brill minus the perfect execution. Gia Marie Carangi is my hero.
I started modeling since I was 13 and i blog my feelings so if you meet me and I lack social skills, that is why. Fashion is dead, we are what is real and when we put something on and bring it to life, that translates to style.
I’m not a picky eater but I love love love good food. “Karaoke is my life” as my boyfriend once told me. I love looking at perfectly furnished sample apartments, it makes me feel for a second that sky is the limit and nothing is impossible. I love searching for other fashion blogs. My guilty pleasure is watching people do awkward things on youtube. The Community Channel makes me giggle. I love to paint, got no skills but i do them anyway.
Republican Gov. LePage in Maine subverts the will of the voters who voted for legalized weed - Marijuana - CindysBeenTrippin Boards
Morning Walk	Sentimental piano and strings with a quiet opening that broadens into a a key change and a hopeful ending.
Seasons	Poignant reflection on a fractured relationship. Simple arrangement with acoustic guitar and three-part harmony on one-word ("lie") chorus.
Spiritsong	Electric piano, and congas back up acoustic guitars on this meditative piece. Beautiful and poignant, with a hint of Will Ackerman.
To preview a track, click on the play icon to the left hand side. Add tracks to your basket by clicking on the cart icon.
In 2014, we embarked to launch a petition for ending the retail commercialization of Veterans Day and Memorial Day in response to those who hold a sale.
Filed under Civility, Commentary, Education, Social Good Campaign. Tagged End Memorial Day Commercialization, End Veterans Day Commercialization, Memorial Day, memorial day commercialization, veterans day commercialization
As a business owner, your goal is to increase your revenue. But that is not always easy because you have a lot of competitors who are doing exactly what you are doing. In order for you to stand out from the crowd, you have to do something different.
Many businesses today are not using the various social media platforms that are available because they feel that it is not going to yield any result. But that is not exactly true. Businesses that are using social media to reach their audience are having higher conversion rate and are growing from height to height.
One company that has helped small-medium companies become visible on social media platforms is Visibiliti Pte Ltd. Unlike most digital marketing agencies in Singapore, their campaign for your company is performance-based, so you can be assured you will definitely see a growth in your leads count. For a good digital agency Singapore, you should check Visibiliti out above.
Are you using social media to keep your existing customers happy? Do you want to figure out how to drive revenue from existing customers through the social channel? This post will give you 5 tips to gain more revenue from your existing customers using social media.
For many companies, connecting with their existing customers is a natural fit for social media. These companies are seeing conversations about their brands, their competitors and their industry that provide them with an opportunity to engage others in dialogue. Read more here
You likely now know a couple of ways you can use social media to increase your revenue. But, do you know that you can also use social media to boost your sales?
In 2014, consumer shopping behavior evolved rapidly. Shopping online and through mobile devices is the new norm, and the experience has become increasingly more social with platforms such as Facebook and Twitter. These platforms, in turn, have launched new commerce capabilities like the “buy” button.
These new buying habits provide small business “etailers” opportunities to immediately grow their revenues. Read more here
You likely now know how you can use social media to boost your sales and conversion rate. But do you know that social media plays a very important role in doubling circulation profits?
The following article by Leonie Roderick shed light on how social media can be used to double circulation profits.
The Economist has stressed the importance of social media, crediting its social activity as a ‘critical component’ in doubling the profitability of its circulation business over the last four years.
Figures released by the publication show that its social media following has grown by 44% over the last year to a total of 35.6 million. The Economist claimed this is more than any other major media brand except for The New York Times. Read more here
If you want your business to soar, then you need to start using the various social media platforms that are available to boost your business. Using social media is not only going to increase your outreach, it is also going to boost your sales and revenue. The role social media plays is not limited to boosting sales, it is also critical to doubling circulation profits.
The first and only equine vaccine to contain all five core equine disease antigens – West Nile, Eastern and Western Equine...
This portable equine digital imaging system includes a 10 inch by 12 inch flat panel DR detector and tablet PC with detachable...
This Interactive PDF formatted book is available as a download. It provides fast answers to the most common concerns about cat limb...
Bovis, a practical, peer-reviewed online clinical resource for veterinarians working with cattle, contains more than 750 articles and...
CUBEX Mini is a compact, affordable solution for DEA-compliant storage, dispensing and management of controlled substances within the...
Available in both Google Play and the Apple App Store, the mobile app helps cardholders manage their account. Through the app,...
Vetcove is a free ordering tool that lets veterinarians shop every supplier at once. By combining every animal health vendor into one...
DOXIROBE Gel (doxycycline hyclate) is indicated for the treatment and control of periodontal disease in dogs. A single treatment of...
Scratch Pay provides simple, affordable, payment plans to help your clients manage their veterinary expenses. Pet owners can visit...
This mobile version of the VetVance website is a free educational resource that provides on-the-go access to the online content...
Merial, now part of Boehringer Ingelheim, has received approval from the FDA to expand the label claims for NexGard (afoxolaner). The...
The Freedom No Pull harness is extremely effective for training and minimizes the effect of pulling. Factors contributing to the...
The halter places control of your dog around his center of gravity rather than his head or neck. This method moves the training cues...
This innovative, hands free leash is designed for anyone who wants both hands free while taking their best friend along on a walk or...
Lightweight, flexible halo for blind dogs comes attached to comfortable harness/vest. The Blind Dog Halo allows poorly sighted dogs to...
This dog wheelchair is specifically designed to fit Corgi dog breeds, known for their long bodies and short legs. Corgi dog breeds are...
The fully adjustable MINI Walkin' Wheels wheelchair accommodates toy dog breeds, cats, and other small animals weighing from 2 to...
The Help’EmUp Harness with “Hip Lift” is a complete shoulder-and-hip harness system that literally lifts the lives...
Has your patient torn a CCL? Hero has a brace that can help. You want your canine patient to run like a superhero—so does Hero....
The Ortho Dog Cruciate knee brace is a nonrigid brace designed for dogs who suffer from a torn ACL (anterior or cranial cruciate...
Pets in need of the Rear Support Dog Wheelchair have weakness in the rear legs and good strength in the front legs. These pets can...
Eddie's front wheel carts are designed for foreleg weakness, deformity, or missing front legs. The carts are custom-built to match...
Medial shoulder instability presents as a mild to moderate lameness made worse after exercise. The injury can be caused by repeated...
Can Any Person Answer in the Government Departments Relevant to The Residential Tenancies WA Act answer the following; WHY when a tenant wilfully damages a property they are not prosecuted by the Police?...
A lot of stuff goes into being a princess. There’s the clothes, the haircut, the rules and all of the very important things that they do every day. Could you help this girl look great for her first day of Princess School? She’ll need your help picking out a dress and all of the accessories that she’ll need. With you lending her a hand, she’ll be ready to go in this makeover game. These two princesses have a crush on the same boy. Uh-oh! Which one of them is destined to become his girlfriend in this wild online game for girls? Give both of the princesses some great fashion advice while they chose outfits, accessories, and cool hairstyles that could help them win his heart.
A lot of stuff goes into being a princess. There’s the clothes, the haircut, the rules and all of the very important things that they do every day. Could you help this girl look great for her first day of Princess School? She’ll need your help picking out a dress and all of the accessories that she’ll need. With you lending her a hand, she’ll be ready to go in this makeover game. This poor girl just got dumped by her boyfriend but she’s not about to sit around feeling sorry for herself. Let’s help her get a fresh start with an awesome makeover in this online game.
We use cookies on our website. If you continue we assume that you consent to receive all cookies on our websites.	More information in Privacy & Cookies policy.
Kansas highways and byways take travelers to historic sites, breathtaking river views, small towns and more.
From Leavenworth north through Atchison, Troy and White Cloud, forested bluffs and stunning Missouri River views star along the 63-mile Glacial Hills Scenic Byway, also designated as the official route of the Lewis and Clark Historic Trail. Atchison, a graceful bluff-top town, charms with grand 19th- century homes lining steep brick streets. Tour the Amelia Earhart Birthplace Museum, where the aviation pioneer was born and raised. Trace the steps of explorers Lewis and Clark from Riverfront Park, where biking trails hug the swift-flowing Missouri River. Browse downtown shops for irresistible finds. North along K-7, you can savor the spectacular rolling hills to Troy. There, you’ll find sculptor Peter Toth’s 27-foot-tall Tall Oaks Indian Monument, located on the Courthouse Square. At the byway’s northern end in White Cloud, climb the gravel road up the bluff to take in the stunning view of the mighty Missouri River at the Four State Lookout. Glacial Hills Scenic Byway
Journey through Civil War history with a visit to Mine Creek Battlefield State Historic Site, one of many notable historic areas along this 168-mile route from Leavenworth south past Baxter Springs to the Oklahoma line. Discover the history of Kansas’ first city with a self-guided, interactive wayside tour in downtown Leavenworth’s Landing Park. Then, you can sip a Green River soda or pair a burger with a thick hand-dipped malt at The Corner Pharmacy’s old-time soda fountain. The C.W. Parker Carousel Museum offers rides on a beautifully restored 1913 carousel. Keep your photo I.D. handy for a visit to Fort Leavenworth, home of the Buffalo Soldier monument, dedicated in memory of cavalry regiments composed of African-American soldiers who helped settle the West. Frontier Military Historic Byway
Though not a designated scenic byway, Route 66 remains one of the country’s most legendary roads. Roughly 13 miles of the Mother Road cross Kansas’ southeastern corner, passing through Galena, Riverton and Baxter Springs. In Galena, snap a shot with the rusty celebrity and inspiration for the character Mater from the movie Cars. Riverton’s Eisler Brothers Old Riverton Store, an icon since 1925, stocks Route 66 souvenirs. On the way to Baxter Springs, see the restored historic Marsh Arch Rainbow Bridge, the only one of its kind remaining on Route 66. Route 66 in Kansas
If you think Kansas is all wheat fields and prairie, think again. From Coldwater to Medicine Lodge (75 miles southwest of Wichita), this 42-mile byway cuts through the dramatic heart of a rugged and remote 20-mile-wide swath of buttes, spires and red hillsides covered with cedars, yuccas and sagebrush. Plan to hike, bike or horseback ride a network of backroads for up-close looks at wildlife. In Medicine Lodge, visit the home of 20th-century Prohibition crusader Carry Nation. Gypsum Hills Scenic Byway
Stringing across north-central Kansas, this rural highway ties together friendly towns, out-of-the-way shops and quirky eateries. In Belleville (71 miles north of Salina), The Feathered Nest showcases art and garden accessories and hosts cooking classes. Pinky's Bar & Grill in Courtland serves cold beer, chicken-fried steak and French-fried green beans. In Phillipsburg, local businesses line the courthouse square. Shepherd's Mill spins yarn from 44 states and sells blankets, scarves and throws. US Highway 36 Association
On the virtually treeless High Plains, innovative frontier homesteaders and ranchers hewed their fence posts from underground beds of native limestone. Along the 18-mile byway, you can still see long rows of these post rocks from Wilson (45 miles west of Salina) north to Lucas. Stop for dinner at Wilson's historic Midland Railraod Hotel. Lucas is a tiny town known for 'outsider art." Self-taught artists show works made from recycled materials at the Grassroots Art Center. Civil War veteran S.P. Dinsmoor started the grassroots movement more than 100 years ago. He built his home, Garden of Eden, from concrete. Others like Florence Deeble followed. She began re-creating postcard scenes of famous U.S. landmarks such as Mount Rushmore in her yard. Post Rock Scenic Byway
In central Kansas, the Flint Hills Scenic Byway (K-177) twists and dips for 48 miles through rock-ribbed hills and the largest remaining tallgrass prairie. Council Grove, with some two dozen historic Santa Fe Trail sites, anchors the northern end. To get a sense of the history and personalities that shaped this region and the state, start your Flint Hills exploration in Emporia, best-known as the hometown of legendary newspaper editor and opinion-maker William Allen White. In 1895, he bought the Emporia Gazette for $3,000 and promised that “the new editor hopes to live here until he is the old editor.” He kept that promise, and in the nearly 50 years before his death in 1944, he also won two Pulitzer Prizes. During that time, five presidents and many prominent Americans visited the so-called Sage of Emporia at his imposing home. The 1888 house now is the centerpiece of the William Allen White House State Historic Site. Also allow time to explore the retivalized downtown, with some shops, cafes and the restored Granada Theatre. Flint Hills Scenic Byway
There are a faster ways to travel across the state, but US-36, which runs along the northern border, can be lots more fun. The highway rambles through friendly little towns and a pretty, pastoral landscape along the route taken by the Pony Express. Museums in Seneca, Marysville and Hanover chronicle the short-lived mail service and its intrepid riders. A stone barn in Marysville houses the original stables where the steamy horses refueled. It’s the 11th of about 180 stations along the 2,000-mile route. Of course, it wasn’t only “wiry, under-18 orphans” (the Pony Express job requirements according to a newspaper ad of the day) who stopped in Marysville. Thousands of 19th-century pioneers camped along the Big Blue River where the Oregon, California and Mormon trails and the Overland Stagecoach Route converged. Just west of town, Historic Trails Park has a full-size replica of a pulley-operated rope ferry wagon that trains used. In 1846, high water delayed the Donner-Reed party; they carved their names in Alcove Springs. The group then reached the mountain pass at the same time as the big snows. US Highway 36 Association
Buildings and fences of native limestone endure along this 48-mile route from Dover, home of 1878 Sage Inn and Stagecoach Stop and the Dover General Store, west to Alma, where you can join tours of the Alma Creamery, in business since 1946. Native Stone Scenic Byway
In 1878, the last Kansas Indian Raild occurred near Oberlin (70 miles northeast of Goodland) when Cheyenne warriors killed 19 settlers near town. Fifteen historical buildings can be found at the Last Indian Raid Museum off US-36, which links small towns and historic sites for 70 miles west to the Colorado border. Near St. Francis, the prairie fractures into the Arikaree Breaks, a breathtaking canyon sculpted out of 9,000-year-old loess hills. US 36 Highway Association
Yucca and sage mingle with colorful wildflowers along this 60-mile loop off I-70 at WaKeeney. Dramatic limestone cliffs rise above Cedar Bluff Reservoir. Historic sites include a one-room school and two churches. Smoky Valley Scenic Byway
The state’s first historic byway links seven National Historic Sites and six museums along a 102-mile route that also features spectacular scenery and opportunities to view wildlife. Common sightings include deer, buffalo, turkeys and prairie dogs. Scott City anchors the byway (90 miles northwest of Dodge City). North of town, see impressive displays of fossil finds at Keystone Gallery and Museum. Owners Chuck Bonner and his wife, Barbara Shelton, offer guided fossil hunts. The drive continues through Oakley, where Buffalo Bill forged his legend; Sharon Springs; and Wallace, with its restored Pond Creek Stagecoach Station and Clark Robidoux House. The 1880 Victorian-style home was built by H.A. Clark and later owned by Peter Robidoux, a merchant. Also along the route, explore the El Quartelejo Pueblo ruins, walk among the towering Monument Rocks, browse the Butterfield Trail Museum, and climb the gentle slope of Mount Sunflower, which at 4,309 feet is the highest point in the state. Western Vistas Historic Byway
Midwest Living is part of the Meredith Home Group. © Copyright 2017, Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Data Policy | Terms of Service |
I want to compare prices on Tree Removal Tree Trimming Tree Stump Removal in Stewartville. My ZIP Code is
If you are trying to figure out how to remove a tree in Stewartville from your yard, then you've come to the right place. CVS Home makes it fast and easy to find reliable, professional, affordable tree removal in Stewartville, Minnesota. Whether you are looking for nearby tree removal companies or you need ASAP emergency tree removal of a fallen hazardous tree, then CVS Home can help you out. CVS Home screens local companies and has tools that help businesses and homeowner's quickly get free tree removal estimates in order to compare costs and see if the project fits in their budget, and if it does then it also helps them get the lowest Stewartville tree removal prices. Whether you are looking to hire tree removal service in Stewartville on a recurring basis, or just need one time service, you won't find a better resource.
The average cost to remove a tree in Stewartville is around $200 to $750 for a typical project. The average cost of tree removal in the City of Stewartville depends on many different factors including the company that you choose, as well as the types, size (both height and trunk diameter), age and accessibility of the tree. If you are looking for both tree and stump removal, you should expect to pay slightly more (about $100 to $150 for the stump). Complete tree removal in Stewartville that includes tree debris, trunk removal, shrubs, stump removal, and tree root removal will cost significantly more as trunk and roots are priced separately and require a lot of additional labor. If you have a large project with many different trees, you can expect to pay a tree removal cost per tree.
Here at CVSHome.org we know how difficult it is to choose the right tree company in Stewartville. CVS Home researches local Stewartville tree service companies so you don't have to, all you need to do is compare their prices and choose the best one for your next job. Comparing prices has never been so easy, simply complete the quick form right here and you'll get quotes in minutes via email or phone, whichever you prefer. There's no obligation to choose one of CVSHome.org's local companies, but at the end of the day they're the best in town and it's easy to get the lowest rate. When you are looking at tree removal companies you want to make sure that you choose a company that has the latest and all the necessary tree removal equipment, tools and gear suited for your particular project.
Depending on the type of plan you have, insurance will typically cover tree removal costs, but not in all cases. It's always a good idea to call your insurance company and get an idea of what type of project they will cover and up to what costs. Your out of pocket expenses will depend on your exact project. Projects that are necessary, such as a downed or fallen tree are typically completely covered, but if you are just looking to improve the appearance of your backyard, then costs won't be covered.
In nearly all cases DIY tree removal is frowned upon and we tell people that they shouldn't do it themselves. Tree removal is a dangerous job and that's just one of the reasons it takes so long to become a certified arborist. Most tree companies in Stewartville carry insurance and liability of over a million dollars, which gives you an idea of how dangerous the job can be. If your tree is very young and less than 8 feet tall, then you can probably get away with doing it yourself.
The best time to remove a tree in Stewartville depends on the type and age of the tree. It's best to have a local arborist inspect the tree and they will convey the best time for your particular tree. In most cases early spring is the best time of year to cut down a tree as its' branches and limbs aren't full of leaves.
Local Stewartville experts can use a variety of techniques involving a truck, crane, or even zip line depending on where your tree is located and how tall it is.
In extremely rare cases, local companies will perform removal without charging fees. This usually only occurs after large storms or natural disasters, and even then it's rare as companies are extremely busy during those times. In some cases you may be able to get free tree removal for lumber, or at least get a reduction in the price.
This is a great question to ask local companies during the quote and estimate gathering phase. In some cases you'll need to obtain a permit, which comes with it's own costs. If a permit is needed, be sure to ask whether the application, and the actual fees itself for the permit will be covered by you or is included in the estimate.
We can remove nearly any type of tree in Stewartville. A few of the most common trees are: palm trees, pine trees, willow trees, dead trees, cedar trees, Brazilian pepper trees, tree of heaven and oak trees.
The estimated price is based on Stewartville labor costs and applies to the the typical tree removal job. Most Stewartville tree removal companies have a minimum job cost, and pricing varies greatly depending on job difficulty.
The costs above are based on typical jobs, and pricing for each company will vary. The best way to get the lowest price is to compare prices. Compare prices and get the exact cost for your Stewartville tree removal project.
MANI VENUGOPAL talks to John Zubrzycki about his new book, The Last Nizam, on the intriguing and dysfunctional life and times of Mukarram Jah, Nizam of Hyderabad.
Mani Venugopal: Other than the Australian connection of the last Nizam, what inspired you to write this book?
John Zubrzycki: Hyderabad was India’s richest, most powerful and most populous princely state. It had enormous strategic importance as well, determining the early fortunes of the British Raj in India. After the fall of the Mughal Empire, Hyderabad attracted the cream of Muslim scholars, writers, musicians and artists creating a rich cultural heritage. As individuals, the Nizams ranged from brilliant strategists to complete imbeciles, but each one left his mark. Despite this rich historical tapestry, very little had been written on India’s premier princely state, at least for the general reader and I wanted to fill this gap
Mani: In the book, Mukarram Jah comes across as a self-absorbed and indulgent person who was preoccupied in tinkering with mechanical objects. It appears that he had no interest in preserving his heritage, wealth and palaces. Do you feel any sympathy for him?
John: I have a certain amount of sympathy for him in that he was born at the wrong end of a very dysfunctional dynasty, raised in a totally artificial world with very little contact with his father, and almost none with his grandfather. He spent very little time in Hyderabad, and became very westernised while in the royal court as it existed at the time of his father’s death - very little had changed since the days of the Mughals. It was no wonder that he turned his back on all that, but undoubtedly had he stayed or spent more time there and invested his energy in preserving the heritage of Hyderabad rather than tinkering with his big toys, things would have turned out differently for the city and for him.
John: Some of the surviving members of the seventh Nizam’s court are, because the value of trust funds from which they get their income and their pensions have declined over the years. Others only claim they are. One nephew I met claimed he was in distress even though he owned a car of the latest model, wore copious amounts of jewellery, was very fashionably dressed and refused to get a job, saying why should he as he was entitled to large handouts and to a certain standard of living, by virtue of the fact that he was a close relative.
Mani: What kind of a life does the last Nizam lead now, and does he have any regrets about his dwindling wealth and failed marriages?
John: He leads a very quiet life, he is in poor health and keeps to himself. He sees everything in terms of Kismet or fate, as for his marriages, he regrets what happened to his Australian wife who died of AIDS. He explained his other failures with the line that “no woman from Istanbul can live anywhere, but in Istanbul”. Certainly he would be a difficult man to live with, given his obsession with his farm and machinery, and his total disinterest in being the Nizam.
Mani: In 1971, then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi abolished titles of the Maharajahs and privy purses. Was this fair in view of the fact that many of them had wealth which could have supported them for many generations, if invested properly?
John: Mrs. Gandhi was heading what was essentially a socialist government and it was an anachronism to have hundreds of princes on the payroll. Perhaps it could have been done less brutally, but the princes had money to invest, property etc; those who were smart prospered, and those who weren’t, went under.
Mani: Do you think many descendants of the Maharajahs still live in a world of fantasy, foolish arrogance and extravagance and as a result have squandered their inheritance?
John: Many have used their status to create a career in politics, government, diplomacy or business. Others have sunk to the status of being tourist attractions. I don’t think many can afford too much extravagance. I believe they have to take some responsibility for maintaining what’s left of their heritage. If after that, they have plenty of money left over, let them be foolishly extravagant, they have just as much right to as anyone else.
Mani: Is there any interest within India about the Maharajahs? Are the Indian public and media mainly interested in negative stories about them?
John: There is huge interest in their lives. When Mukarram Jah’s third wife won a court battle over their divorce settlement recently, it was widely reported in India. If Jah made a political statement or announced he was entering politics, it would be front page news.
Mani: The India under Maharajahs and modern India are grossly unfair societies. Only a small part of the population has benefited from globalization. India still remains a class-ridden society in which your status is determined by your wealth and position. Has anything changed for the majority of Indians who still remain poor?
John: Very little has changed for the current generation of impoverished Indians, but their children stand a good chance of improving their lot. Even in rural Bihar there are thousands of private schools operating, where the official education system has collapsed. The shackles of bureaucracy are being gradually dismantled, population growth is slowing and democracy for all its failings, remains strong. Some aspects of globalisation are positive, such as the communications revolution and if more is invested in infrastructure, India can make great strides.
Mani: You have had a 30-year association with India. What aspect of India, good or bad, has made a lasting impression on you?
John: India’s self-reliance, the strength of its culture and its ability to hold together despite its sheer diversity impresses me. Ingrained caste and social prejudices, the lack of a strong civil society and the obscene disparities between the rich and the poor depress me.
Mani: What sort of memories do you and your family carry back to Australia of India from your stint there as a journalist, Hindi student, diplomat, consultant and the time you spent researching this book? I am aware that you lived in New Delhi with your wife and 3 children….
John: I have mostly fond memories of deep friendships, incredible experiences and the privilege of living in a unique and ever-changing society. I found value in each of my “incarnations”…. as a student because I really wanted to interact with common people and was fascinated by the culture, as a diplomat because it gave me access to the highest levels of government and enabled me to travel widely and see a side of India that visitors don’t experience. As a journalist I found India to be a paradise for stories, human, political, economic etc. I had a front row seat witnessing India at its most exhilarating and exhausting, watching everything from Phoolan Devi on the election trail, to seeing huge ships being torn apart by unskilled labourers on the beaches of Gujarat. I interviewed victims of caste violence in Bihar and leading industrialists, I saw the worst of India’s slums and the most opulent of its palaces, I followed in the footsteps of everyone from Mahatma Gandhi to Laloo Prasad Yadav. In short, it was never a dull moment.
My family also found it unforgettable, whether observing daily life from our flat in Delhi with the endless streams of hawkers and entertainers, kids loved parties that featured real elephant rides and snake charmers. The travel was always amazing particularly to India’s national parks where we were fortunate enough to see tigers, bears and rhinos.
WASHINGTON — Four days shy of the 50th anniversary of the historic 1963 March on Washington, thousands rallied in the capitol once more on Saturday to continue the fight for justice and equality in America.
Throughout the day at the “National Action to Realize the Dream” rally, activists, leaders and icons in the realms civil rights, women’s rights, labor, and LGBT rights addressed the crowd from a podium at the Lincoln Memorial, the same spot where Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his historic “I Have a Dream” speech 50 years ago.
Faculty members, graduates, and students of George Mason University’s School for Conflict Analysis and Resolution (S-CAR) will be among the speakers during the 50th anniversary commemoration of the “March on Washington” when Martin Luther King Jr. gave his famous “I Have a Dream” speech. George Mason president Ángel Cabrera will lead Mason’s contingent of eight speakers during the National Action to Realize the Dream 2013 at the Lincoln Memorial on Saturday, Aug. 24, beginning at 8 a.m.
Union leaders Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers, and Mary Kay Henry, president of the Service Employees International Union, both out lesbians, will be among at least four LGBT rights advocates to speak on Saturday at the 50th anniversary commemoration of the 1963 Civil Rights March on Washington.
The 50th anniversary of the March on Washington social action campaign is an initiative that commemorates the 1963 march and calls attention to the work that still remains to be done 50 years on in 2013. Its vision is to establish a coalition of organizations who are committed to “a renewed fight,” and a sustained effort ensuring that previous gains survive the current attempt by some to roll them back and to press for new gains that help the United States of America “lives up to the true meaning of its creed.”
Martin Luther King, III, the eldest son of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and Reverend Al Sharpton, President of National Action Network (NAN), have announced that fifty-years-after Dr. King delivered his historic “I Have a Dream” speech at the March on Washington in 1963, they will mount the same steps at the Lincoln Memorial to lead the 50th Anniversary March on Washington National Action to Realize the Dream on Saturday, August 24, 2013. Joining them will be a cross-sector of speakers ranging from House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi to the family of Trayvon Martin.
Earlier this year, D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray appointed a 22-member committee, led by civil rights activists and former council member Frank Smith. On Wednesday, at the African American Civil War Museum, the public is learning specifics about the D.C. Statehood rally that will commemorate the day.
In giving honour to whom honour is due, the African University of Science and Technology, AUST; Abuja in collaboration with the Nelson Mandela Institution, NMI; the South African High Commission in Nigeria and the Communities Without Boundaries International, CWBI, on Wednesday, July 18, joined other progressives around the world to honour one of Africa’s greatest legend, Dr Nelson Rolihlahia Mandela as he turned 94.
Turkey's achievements will be directly related to the strides of its young population, and it can be effective if those strides are accomplished in a non-violent way, according to this week's guest for Monday Talk.
Martin Luther King III and Communities Without Barriers International will be visiting Philadelphia, PA on Wednesday, August 7, 2013. They will meet with local government, civic, religious and business leaders as well as community advocates, civil society organizations, and educators. 1) Meeting with faith, civil society and business leaders at the Community College of Philadelphia from 6:00 PM to 7:00 PM on August 7, 2013.
Council President to Join Martin Luther King III to Announce Plans to Mark the 50th Anniversary of the March on Washington
Clean Water for Everyone completes its newest project at Mummy’s Educational Institute in Kasoa, Ghana
NEW YORK – June 20, 2014 – We are thrilled to announce that Clean Water for Everyone (CWFE) has invested in sustainable water and sanitation infrastructure at Mummy Educational Institute, situated in Kasoa, Ghana. This project supplies clean water and suitable sanitation to 150 students currently at the school, and positively impacts the lives of an estimated 600 people in the community. We would like to thank our donors, supporters, volunteers, and Mummy’s Educational Institute for their involvement.
Before Clean Water for Everyone launched this new investment, the children attending Mummy’s Educational Institute often collected water from a nearby lake for consumption purposes. Those students who chose to avoid the polluted lake would purchase expensive water packaged in plastic sachets. Sachets added to the district’s long standing pollution problem due to improper disposal practices.
CWFE, along with its 22-member team of Ghanaian contractors, has installed two 8,000-liter tanks that provide clean water for 150 students. We have also installed four septic toilets and two urinal systems under the supervision of our full-time monitoring and evaluations director.
Following the installation of the water and sanitation infrastructure, CWFE held a celebration with the school’s students that was attended by members of the wider community. Water stations were placed inside and outside of Mummy’s Educational Institute for community members to access. The success of the Kasoa project would not have been possible without CWFE’s numerous contributors. CWFE looks forward to impacting the lives of more students in the near future.
Clean Water for Everyone completes its newest project at Mummy’s Educational Institute in Kasoa, Ghana November 1st, 2015cwfe010
On behalf of Clean Water for Everyone, I would like to thank you sincerely for your contribution to the winter 2014 project. Because of your support, Clean Water for Everyone was able to provide access to clean water for over 21,700 more people.
The administration at Learn Fast Comprehensive Academy was very enthusiastic about our project, and agreed to a contract, which requires them to provide maintenance for the infrastructure. Thanks to your donation, the school and community members now have free access to clean water, 21 students will receive a scholarship for a full academic year of tuition, and the school, now has toilets and running water for the bathrooms.
During our time there, we were also able to partner with the Society of Family Health (the largest non-profit in Nigeria) and Joyful Joy Foundation in hosting a malaria and HIV testing. Over 350 people were in attendance. Those who came were offered testing, and those diagnosed with malaria were given medicine. Those diagnosed with HIV were offered counseling. Prevention and early detection are a key part of the fight to decrease the spread of illness.
We deeply appreciate your support. Access to clean water is a fundamental part of every child’s life. The use of clean water decreases the risks of contracting and spreading water borne illness. With your continued support, we hope to make a greater impact in our upcoming projects.
As of May 2013, Clean Water for Everyone (CWFE) completed the execution of its latest project mission in Nigeria. CWFE founder Abbey Wemimo flew to his home country as project leader, through social entrepreneurship student organization Enactus at the University of Minnesota Crookston.
The location selected for the project was Bonjeh Schools, situated in Okokomaiko (PPL) Ojo Local Government Area in Lagos, Nigeria. This year, the non-profit organization chose a theme for the project centered on water, sanitation and education.
“Our themes for the work in Lagos, Nigeria, this year were water, sanitation, and education and Enactus took several steps in order to bring this work to fruition,” says Wemimo.
Initially, a 1,600 gallon water system was installed as planned by the organization. This meant that clean water access will be provided to over 1,000 students in the school along with an added 15,500 residents who will have indirect impact in the surrounding local community.
Providing access to clean water without proper sanitation techniques defeats the purpose of the project ,Wemimo adds. Hence, the team helped renovate three toilet facilities and built two more in the school. The renovation process provided new toilet bowls in addition to running water and a tiled flow to avoid stagnation of water. This in turn will eradicate the culture of dangerous bacteria from forming and polluting the water facilities.
As for the education portion of the project, CWFE negotiated a one-year scholarship for 30 students in Bonjeh schools to help foster a long-term reciprocal relationship between both parties while benefiting the youth in the school. The average annual school fee per student is $190, given that the school year is divided into three terms. The owners of the school and its principal have agreed on investing $5700 in scholarship money, with CWFE paying 19%, or $1300 per student. As a result, $7000 was invested, and the scholarship selection procedure began. The process was highly competitive as students were required to submit an essay, letter of recommendation, their academic records and a resumé. Over 1000 applications were received of which 30 were carefully selected, based on the quality of their essay, granting them a one full-year scholarship.
Clean Water for Everyone not only provided students of Bonjeh Schools access to clean water, but also rendered proper sanitation installations, an education scholarship to 30 deserving students and fostered a lasting connection with the school. This project mission would not have been a possibility without the boundless support of the University of Minnesota, Crookston Enactus team, the Crookston community and generous donations from people across the United States.
After a visit to his home country of Nigeria in May, 2013 graduate Abbey Wemimo reports the completion of another Clean Water for Everyone (CWFE) project through the student organization, Enactus at the University of Minnesota Crookston. The completion of a project in the Bonjeh schools situated in Okokomaiko (PPL) Ojo Local Government Area in Lagos, Nigeria, is part of ongoing work in that country to provide clean water.
“Our themes for the work in Lagos, Nigeria, this year were water, sanitation, and education and Enactus took several steps in order to bring this work to fruition,” says Abbey, who spearheaded the effort.
A 1600-gallon water system was installed providing access to water to more than 1,000 school students coupled with another 15,500 from the surrounding community receiving indirect benefit. They also renovated three toilet facilities and built two additional ones. Along with the work for increased access to clean water and sanitation, a reciprocal relationship with the school has resulted in one-year scholarships for 30 students in Bonjeh school. The average annual (three terms) school fees per student is $190. After a negotiation process with the principal and owners of the school, they agreed to award 30 Bonjeh School students one-year full scholarship.
The next clean water for everyone project will be implemented in Lagos, Nigeria Ojo local government. This project will be implemented in Bonjeh schools were clean water is absolutely needed.
Bonje School is situated in Okokomaiko area in Ojo local government in Nigeria. A school of 1000 students, they currently use a well that is contaminated and a bad toilet where in most cases student practice open defecation. The students also have no access to clean water after their lab sessions which can be a huge detriment to their health if their hands are not properly washed after experiments with chemicals.
The past three months, we have been planning and working with the principal of the school to remedy these pressing issues. After a series of planning and the help of a local consultant, we plan to install a borehole system that will provide access to clean water that would also be available for use in the student labs.
We also plan to help build a solid infrastructure that would house new toilets for the students of Bonje schools. This project will not only restore the dignity of the students as they have a private space and cleaner sanitation system but help reduce water illnesses.
In an effort to ensure a reciprocal relationship with the school, we ask Bonjeh schools to fund 5-10 students scholarships to help pay for their education. This scholarship will be awarded to need based students that have demonstrated strong academic abilities, community service, and burning passion to advocate for clean water and proper sanitation.
Installing this water system will increase the value of Bonjeh School because of the new infrastructure provided. The school can then improve on the school with the revenue generated from school fees and other student fees. Students and their parents would also spend less time and money going to the
hospital but can invest their discretionary income in the local economy or even start a small business.
I released the latest commits to nnForge under the tag v1.0.7. The major improvements are adjustments for regression type of models and 3D convolutional layer implemented in CUDA backend. Here is the complete list:
Deciding how to have your hair styled on your big day can be a difficult decision to make. You want to look polished and put together, but you also want to look like yourself. In case any brides-to-be are having a hard time thinking of ideas, here is a sampling of some beautiful hairdos to consider for your wedding! If you especially like some, remember to bookmark them and save them to show your wedding hairdresser, as this will help them realize your vision.
Come to the new free download, Minecraft Beta 1.9-pre3, you will not get troubles with the bug that Snow Golems bring back. Now, you are able to enter and explore Love Mode without difficulty. You should ignore additions in which you can find a completely redone potion system along with a placeholder enchanting system and more changes.
Observers and output regulation are two central topics in nonlinear control system theory. Although many researchers have devoted their attention to these issues for more than 30 years, there are still many open questions. In the observer theory a key role is played by the so called high-gain observers. The purpose of the first part of the thesis is to study novel techniques which allow to overcome or at least to mitigate some of the main drawbacks characterizing this class of observers. We propose a novel class of high-gain observers, denoted as ``low-power'', which allows to overcome numerical problems, to avoid the peaking phenomenon and to improve the sensitivity properties to high-frequency measurement noise. The second part of the thesis addresses the output regulation problem, solved for linear systems during the 70's by Francis and Wonham who coined the celebrated ``internal model principle''. Constructive solutions have also been proposed in the nonlinear framework but under restrictive assumptions that reduce the class of systems to which this methodology can be applied. In this thesis we focus on the output regulation problem in presence of periodic disturbances and we propose a novel approach which allows to consider a broader class of nonlinear systems. The resulting design is robust in the sense defined by Francis and Wonham.
The National Indian Gaming Commission (NIGC) is proposing amendments to the Minimum Internal Control Standards (MICS) for Class II Gaming. These amendments will correct an erroneous deletion of key control standards in drop and count and will include other minor edits and additions for clarity. The proposed revisions are largely technical in nature and are meant to correct earlier editing oversights and to better clarify the intent of the provisions. The regulations in Part 543 require Tribes to establish controls and implement procedures at least as stringent as those described in the part to maintain the integrity of the gaming operation.
Laptop Desk Fold Up Laptop Deskcomputer Desk Folding Laptop Stand Buy Laptop is one of best design ideas of the years. The Laptop Desk Fold Up Laptop Deskcomputer Desk Folding Laptop Stand Buy Laptop has been created with briliant ideas, beautiful combined colors and follow trend of modern home architecture, so the Laptop Desk Fold Up Laptop Deskcomputer Desk Folding Laptop Stand Buy Laptop will give you the real of home designs and interior decorating characteristic.
Laptop Desk Fold Up Laptop Deskcomputer Desk Folding Laptop Stand Buy Laptop picture is in category that can use for individual and noncommercial purpose because All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. You can browse other picture of Laptop Desk Fold Up Laptop Deskcomputer Desk Folding Laptop Stand Buy Laptop in our galleries below. If you want to see other picture, you can browse our other category.
Laptop Desk Fold Up Laptop Deskcomputer Desk Folding Laptop Stand Buy Laptop is one of best design architecture of the years, this design has been built from brilliant ideas combined with a selection of elegant colors and beautiful architecture designs, would be something amazing if you apply design at your home. Laptop Desk Fold Up Laptop Deskcomputer Desk Folding Laptop Stand Buy Laptop just one of the many reference that we have, you can find other reference such as Apartment, Architecture, Bathroom, Bedroom, Furniture, Interior and etc.
Hot sexy asian girls 13k likes welcome to hot sexy asian girls if you enjoy the page like and comment on your favourite pictures keep it decent. Dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single women in teaberry meet girls free find black women, white women, latina females, and asian women in teaberry ky.
Single japanese girls 13k likes japanese girl photos, pics or any photo of good looking asian women dating information and where to find single.
I know japanese girls are incredibly cute you really want to date and get laid but you have to be careful to avoid having problems in the future not all j. Teaberry's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in teaberry with mingle2's teaberry dating services find a girlfriend or lover in teaberry, or just have fun flirting online with teaberry single girls.
The ugly reality of dating japanese women what i’ve experienced comes from dating japanese women myself and japanese girls can’t control your. Teaberry's best 100% free asian online dating site meet cute asian singles in kentucky with our free teaberry asian dating service loads of single asian men and women are looking for their match on the internet's best website for meeting asians in teaberry.
PharmacyLine is a Modern Distribution Center in Cyprus for products that are sold in pharmacies. Since its operation PharmacyLine has set new standards in the distribution to pharmacies.
Medical kerala.com is a Medical portal to give information of all Doctors and Hospitals in Kerala, Diagnostic centers in Kerala, Ambulance services in Kerala, Blood banks in Kerala, Medical jobs in Kerala, Medical book shops in Kerala, Latest Medical news
Cyprus-net.com is not affiliated with the authors of the directory's listings nor responsible for their content.
Let’s start with a few basic facts about Australian Emigration Australia is an extremely popular immigration destination. Thousands of people,…
Customer service is our priority. Let us know how we can be of service to you! Visit us during our convenient store hours or call us on our customer service hotline.
We would be glad to provide you with a list of projects that you could drive by to determine if a paving stone driveway, walkway or front porch gets you excited.
Why cook indoors when you can have the pleasure and conveniences of an outdoor kitchen? There are many benefits to setting up an outdoor kitchen, you can enjoy the fresh air whilst cooking, and it keeps the indoor kitchen and appliance area clean, no windows fogging up from steam and no unwanted aromas lingering through the house. Another benefit to an outdoor kitchen is you don't have to be stuck indoors whilst everyone else is enjoying being outdoors, you can mingle whilst cooking and join in with conversations. There are a large variety of different meals that you can cook with an outdoor kitchen such as; baking, roasting, frying and barbequing. With so many exceptional types of outdoor kitchen designs and styles we have to offer here at Blue Hills Inc; whether you prefer traditional, contemporary or modern kitchens, come and talk to the expert first, then compare our exceptional service, our product quality and our affordable prices.
At Blue Hills Inc we have a wonderful range of outdoor kitchens to suit individual cooking requirements along with many outdoor kitchen styles, designs, appliances and cooking accessories. Every outdoor setting is different and with this in mind it's imperative to choose the design concept smartly and wisely. This is where our expert sales team and design consultants work together as well as with the customer to design the ultimate outdoor kitchen design to suit each and every outdoor space in area shape, area size and the style concept of the kitchen to suit the outdoor character and complement the landscape and surroundings. Why not contact us by phone, email or come and see us in person and we can help you select or discuss that perfect outdoor kitchen that would be suitable for your style of cooking, along with any specific and personal requirements as well as the affordability forecast. We offer a great service to our customers here at Blue Hills Inc where our professional design team can come out to your property and draw up prospective plans including the design concept for what the designer believes would be the most suitable and functional outdoor kitchen that is right for you. You can even download images of the area where you would like to set up an outdoor kitchen and they can propose the design concept of the outdoor kitchen for you.
With so many cooking shows on T.V and on payed cable networks, these types of cooking shows have inspired so many of us to enjoy cooking again and experiment cooking with other cultures in mind. You don't have to be a chef to produce beautiful meals; you just need the right attitude to cook with passion and not be scared to experiment with different types of produce. You don't have to cook indoors to create that perfect meal, in fact cooking outdoors has become one of the more favourable and enjoyable ways of cooking family meals and entertaining friends. If you have decided to have the conveniences and enjoyment of having your own outdoor kitchen, you have made a wise choice and one you will not regret. You will be surprised at the cost of outdoor kitchens as many believe they are unaffordable. This is where our expert sales consultants at Blue Hills Inc can help you choose an outdoor kitchen that firstly you can afford and secondly that best suits your type of cooking.
This post is called Retail Business Plan Template Free. You can download all the image about home and design for free. Below are the image gallery of Retail Business Plan Template Free, if you like the image or like this post please contribute with us to share this post to your social media or save this post in your device.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on the website that is not bluesfansgear.com property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does bluesfansgear.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Shop all fashion premium brands women men kids shoes jewelry & watches bags & accessories premium beauty savings hematite bracelets product - c jewelry glass crystal seed beads stretch bracelet, hematite-navy reduced price product image price $ 17 03 list price $ 23 13. Find great deals on ebay for hematite men necklace shop with confidence. Hematite is known as the stress stone, according to crystal energy therapist, karen ryan ryan says to carry your hematite stone in your pocket or leave it under your pillow at night you can also use the stone as a decorative object at home or at the office. Men's magnetic jewelry ladies magnetic jewelry top sellers magnetic hematite hematite magnetic therapy necklaces browse our exclusive collection of made to order high power hematite magnetic therapy necklaces our magnetic necklaces are made with high power hematite magnets, super strong stainless steel jewelry wire, and a high power.
Magnetic hematite bracelets the latest sohofive exclusive designer hematite magnetic fashion bracelets & anklets deluxe series - hematite magnetic jewelry that brightens your style and goes perfectly with your formal attire as well as your casual wear. Find wholesale hematite jewelry for men online from china hematite jewelry for men wholesalers and dropshippers dhgate helps you get high quality discount hematite jewelry for men at bulk prices. Hematite magnetic bracelet the act of men wearing magnetic hematite bracelets has become popular thanks to the wide acceptance of the healing benefits of hematite products according to dr william philpott in his book, magnet therapy: an alternative medicine definitive guide, the north pole magnetic field has the following effect on. Great selection of mens magnetic bracelets free shipping within the us.
You searched for: hematite bracelet etsy is the home to thousands of handmade, vintage, and one-of-a-kind products and gifts related to your search no matter what you’re looking for or where you are in the world, our global marketplace of sellers can help you find unique and affordable options let’s get started. Hematite is the most powerful and effective grounding gemstone it is a very protective gemstone that helps you to stay grounded in any situation hematite jewelry absorbs all negative energy from your body, eliminating stress, anxiety and worry. Shop for hematite jewelry at nordstromcom free shipping free returns all the time.
Popular mens hematite jewelry of good quality and at affordable prices you can buy on aliexpress we believe in helping you find the product that is right for you aliexpress carries wide variety of products, so you can find just what you’re looking for – and maybe something you never even imagined along the way. Items similar to hematite and copper necklace - mens beaded necklace, mens hematite necklace, necklace for men, mens choker, ethnic necklace on etsy find this pin and more on guy style by veda kennedy. Hematite is a powerful stone for protection and helps to keep the body and spirit grounded it also is helpful for balancing the aura and aligning the chakras. Hematite ring for womens and mens, rings are fragile, please handle ring sweet & happy girl's gemstone beads strand natural hematite magnetic therapy healing stone bracelet jewelry for women/men 7'' by sweet & happy girl's gemstone beads strand £298 - £547 5 out of 5 stars 3. Hematite men's jewelry: novica, in association with national geographic, invites you to discover hematite men's jewelry at incredible prices handcrafted by talented artisans worldwide.
Hematite magnetic therapy bracelets here is our exclusive line of made to order high power hematite magnetic therapy bracelets we make our hematite magnetic bracelets with high power hematite magnets, super strong stainless steel jewelry wire, and 5000 gauss rare earth magnetic clasps. The tanyard trail is a great mixture of different kinds of terrain and some awesome scenery the trail definitely has its share of hills and, if it's rained, you're probably going to get wet feet as you run through the creek that runs through the property. Hematite jewelry: novica, in association with national geographic, invites you to discover hematite jewelry at incredible prices handcrafted by talented artisans worldwide. Overstock uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our site if you continue on our site, you consent to the use of such cookies crucible men's tiger eye, onyx and hematite polished natural healing stone bead stretch bracelet - 85 inches (10mm wide) 4 reviews sale quick view sale $ 25 92 - $ 27 19.
Find great deals on ebay for mens hematite necklace shop with confidence. 1-16 of over 2,000 results for hematite bracelet for men showing selected results see all results for hematite bracelet for men bellavida mens womens bracelet 8mm natural lava stones and hematite therapy birthstone bead double elastic stretch with lotus charm by bellavida. Product - set of 2 round bead magnetic hematite bracelets- women men hb004 product image price $ 8 00 product title set of 2 round bead magnetic hematite bracelets-women men hb004 add to cart there is a problem adding to cart please try again. Men's magnetic hematite jewelry gleaming magnetic hematite necklaces and bracelets in unique shapes and patterns our men's magnetic hematite necklaces and bracelets looks absolutely great with a pair of jeans or dressed up for a night on the town.
Magnetic hematite bracelets these gorgeous bracelets are made up of magnetic hematite beads strung on super-tough elastic material in physical healing, crystal healers credit hematite with the ability to stimulate iron absorption, which in turn improves oxygen supply to the body and blood circulation.
Hematite, also spelled as haematite, is the mineral form of iron(iii) oxide (fe 2 o 3), one of several iron oxides it is the oldest known iron oxide mineral that has ever formed on earth, and is widespread in rocks and soils.
The all-hematite bracelet has a simple classic masculine appearance hematite is said to strengthen and heal the body our men's magnetic hematite bracelets are made with only the highest grade of hematite. Effy silver men's sterling silver hematite ring effy men 's sterling silver hematite ring add a cool-guy edge to your go-to outfits with this sterling silver hematite ring that everyone will notice. Find great deals on ebay for hematite bracelet men shop with confidence. Find the best selection of cheap magnetic hematite bracelet in bulk here at dhgatecom including mens hematite bracelets and black hematite bracelets at wholesale prices from magnetic hematite bracelet manufacturers source discount and high quality products in hundreds of categories wholesale direct from china.
A great way to lose weight is to listen to music when you are doing cardio. Doing cardio can be very monotonous and boring without anything to distract you. When you listen to music, you’ll stop checking the timer every few minutes, and you’ll be more likely to put more time in.
When watching your diet, be careful of calories hidden in beverages. Water is always the best choice, but if you are having a different beverage, don’t forget to count it in your daily calorie allotment. Most people are aware of the high calorie count in soft drinks, but even a glass of juice can have a significant amount of sugar and calories.
One issue that often impedes a slanking plan is the urge to snack. It is important to plan out your snacks – just like you would plan out your meals – so that you can avoid unhealthy food when you are hungry. If you have a snack planned, then it will meet your caloric intake goal much easier for the day.
One simple way to help with slanking is to invite an extra guest to the dinner plate. Simply adding an extra vegetable will introduce a low-calorie dinner partner that literally, takes up more space on the plate, adds variety in taste and texture and leaves you less room for the high-calorie foods. Of course, it also helps if you eat your veggies first, when they’re nice and hot.
A good way to ned i vekt is to do all of your grocery shopping at a health food store. Health food stores may be a little more expensive, but they have all of the healthy food that you want and it’s all available in one place. You can’t go wrong with that.
Research fast food menu options prior to eating out at a fast food restaurant. This enables you to make good choices when eating fast food while trying to lose weight. Fast food is not forbidden as long as you are knowledgeable about what menu items are low in calories.
Try joining a weight loss program to make it easier for you to lose weight. Many people find that they have much more success sticking to their decision to lose weight if they have a support group around them. Try becoming a member of a group in your area, like Weight Watchers, TOPS or Jenny Craig.
Although many people have misconceptions about how to effectively lose weight, abundant research indicates that weight loss can actually be achieved and maintained, by following a few simple, specific steps that are easily implemented, even if you lead a fast-paced, busy lifestyle. But don’t take our word for it – try it yourself!
ЭЛЕКТРОХИМИЧЕСКИЙ ТОПЛИВНЫЙ ЭЛЕМЕНТ (ВАРИАНТЫ), УЗЕЛ МЕМБРАНА - ЭЛЕКТРОД (ВАРИАНТЫ), КОМПОЗИЦИЯ (ВАРИАНТЫ), СПОСОБ ПОЛУЧЕНИЯ ЭЛЕКТРОХИМИЧЕСКОГО ТОПЛИВНОГО ЭЛЕМЕНТА И СПОСОБ ПОЛУЧЕНИЯ УЗЛА МЕМБРАНА - ЭЛЕКТРОД (ВАРИАНТЫ)
The Internet can used to shop for everything, including groceries, furniture and clothes. Do your homework to get the best deals online. The article below has lots of great shopping advice.
Check for promotion codes before you shop online. Lots of stores offer discounts that can be found via simple searches. Just type down what the store is named along with the word coupon and see what you find. When you do this, you can save lots of money shopping online.
Check your anti-virus software before giving any site your credit card. The realm of online commerce is prone to suspicious websites. Often, stores are built primarily to plant malware on your computer. Take precautions before visiting any online store, even if they appear reputable.
If it is your first time with a retailer make sure to look at the customer reviews first. Doing this will help provide a general idea of the quality of products you can expect to receive. If the company continually receives poor feedback, shop somewhere else.
Be sure that all of the information about a product is read prior to making any decisions. Sometimes an image online is not what it seems. It can be difficult to determine the items true size. Be certain to review all product descriptions in order to understand what you might actually receive.
Make sure to review the items in your cart carefully before hitting the “buy” button. Take a few moments to ensure that you have selected the correct item, color, size, and style. Look through your cart thoroughly and be sure what you’re purchasing is exactly what you need.
There are certain times that bring bigger savings on Internet sites, so learn those times and put off purchases until then, if you can. Internet retailers often hold sales to honor holidays, including President’s Day and Independence Day. You may be able to find great discounts, free shipping or a combination of the two.
Browse websites devoted to sharing coupons and promotional codes as the first step in your online shopping experience. They have coupons for brands or online retailers, all of which will provide huge discounts. The thing to remember is to visit them first to get the coupon before you shop online.
Search for a coupon code prior to making a purchase. Many sites provide useable codes for lots of shopping sites. If you cannot locate what you are looking for on one of these sites, do a further Internet search yourself. You may find something after all.
Refurbished can also refer to inventory surplus. Be sure to read the description of refurbished items carefully to find out if the item is used and has been repaired or is simply an overstock item. You can score lower prices on refurbished and surplus items.
Check out a variety of online shopping sites which may offer different features to help you. Keep in mind that all retailers have their own product specializations. You can find sites that specialize in just the items you’re looking for. As a result, you can attain the product you want at the lowest price. In addition, you may be able to receive free shipping on the product.
Froogle is one website you can use to comparison shop. These sites will provide you with the best online retailers and prices for a product you are searching for. This doesn’t have all the websites that offer the items you are looking for. This is a great starting point, but you need to keep searching if you’re not seeing the prices you seek.
Deals websites are abundant and can help you find great deals. Having said that, don’t always trust them if they have offers that seem way too great to be real. Check the deal’s shipping costs, terms and whether or not the company selling the item is on the up and up.
Shopping is a pain in the neck. By making more of your purchases through online channels, you can avoid most of this unnecessary stress. You can relax, and enjoy a peaceful evening.
Now, you can see what shopping online has to offer you. Keep these tips in mind as you scour the Internet for bargains. Use all of these tips so that you can maximize your Internet shopping experience.
Note: Canadian Church Directory’s mandate is to provide a comprehensive listing of current Christian churches in . We do not list non-Canadian, non-Christian, or defunct congregations. If you are trying to track down a church that no longer exists, we suggest searching for other churches in that city and/or denomination and asking them for more assistance.
Okay, you asked me to show you all churches in Saint alphonse de caplan, QC. Let’s see what I found.
Gesu Parish prepares individuals to celebrate the sacraments of Baptism, Confirmation, Eucharist, Reconciliation, and Marriage. Sacramental preparation is a community experience, and young people, their families and the parish community are all encouraged to participate in this process.
Classes are required for parents bringing their first child to the Sacrament, and sponsors are encouraged to attend. Call the Parish Office at (216) 932-0617 to inquire about class dates and to begin the registration process.
Children normally receive the Sacrament of Reconciliation and Eucharist during the second grade year. Parent meetings supplement the classroom experience. First Reconciliation is celebrated in the winter and First Eucharist is celebrated during the Easter season during regularly scheduled parish Masses. For more information, email Marcia Leous at mleous@churchofthegesu.org.
Confirmation is a Sacrament of Initiation that completes the grace we received in Baptism. It seals, or confirms, this grace through the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit. This sacrament also makes us better able to participate in the worship and apostolic life of the Church. At the Church of the Gesu, young people who are in the ninth grade or older, and who have received the sacraments of Baptism and Eucharist, are invited to participate in the process in the fall of each year. Preparation involves catechesis and instruction in faith, led by a team of dedicated parishioners. It is augmented by an annual retreat. Special sacramental preparation sessions are also held for our teens and their parents and sponsors. All sessions are held on Sundays, beginning in October. Registration takes place online. Email Mary von Carlowitz at mvoncarlowitz@churchofthegesu.org for more information.
Couples desiring to receive the Sacrament of Marriage are asked to meet with a staff member who will begin the Marriage preparation process. Marriage Booklet is available in the parish office. For more information, email Laura Bertsch at lbertsch@churchofthegesu.org.
Our very special program at the Church of the Gesu was created so that all God’s children can come to know and celebrate His love and goodness. The Adaptive Needs Sacramental program provides thoughtful preparation and religious instruction for children with mental and/or physical disabilities to celebrate the Sacraments and learn how to participate in the Mass. For more information or to discuss your child’s specific needs, email Mary von Carlowitz at mvoncarlowitz@churchofthegesu.org.
reclaimed wood dining table and chairs uk distressed room unusual with upholstered rustic,hand crafted reclaimed wood rustic grey dining table by room chairs montana and 6 renee script wooden set,custom made metal and reclaimed wood dining table by chairs rustic wooden set round,rustic wooden dining table set wood room chairs reclaimed oak kitchen tables and sets,reclaimed wood round dining table set rustic and chairs wooden,reclaimed wood dining table chairs with upholstered and uk bench chair at rs piece,rustic wooden dining table set reclaimed wood round montana and 6 renee script chairs best of extending,furniture astounding rustic dining set for room wooden table reclaimed wood round and chairs,montana reclaimed wood dining table and 6 renee script chairs rustic with upholstered room tables ideas,reclaimed wood and metal 5 piece counter height dining set rustic room chairs montana table 6 renee script wooden.
Disclaimer: cmhccul.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. All of the Images exposed on our site is hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically collected and added into our website by our script. We do not own, make or host the Images demonstrated on this website. The catalog of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. cmhccul.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us at sun0200z [@] gmail. com. If you find inappropriate content.
Valley forge flag company, inc manufactures fabricated textile products the company provides custom, advertising, decorative, hardware and accessories, heritage, religious flags, and other. A: valley forge flag is a manufacturer and wholesaler of flags, and as such, we do not sell directly to the general public and/or the end-user of our products rather, we do sell to flag dealers and wholesale outlets that re-sell our products. Valley forge koralex ii american flags are made with a special 2-ply sewn polyester material that looks like coarse cotton for a rugged look that complements any building or decor the koralex flags feature sewn stripes and embroidered or appliquÃ©d stars depending on the size of the flag.
When i first started at valley forge flags it was ok , i worked 3 days a week and $8 an hour the work i did was definitely not worth the pay. Americanflagscom is an authorized distributor of valley forge flag products through this dedicated website the prestigious valley forge brand is synonymous with high quality valley forge products include us flags, state flags, military flags, flagpole sets, parts, and accessories. I need help dating a united states 13 star anchor flag labeled valley forge flag cospring city, pa best 2 x 2 ply cotton bunting flag measures 2 x 3 ft grommets have turned green thank you for any help you may offer.
Hello, i recently bought a 48 star valley forge burial flag 5x95 in excellent condition i know these flags are common and i have read all the post concerning the dating of these flags, however, i still have a couple of questions. Valley forge flag company offers a 1-year (from the date of purchase) guarantee against uneven fading for all nylon and polyester us flags this guarantee is only offered to our dealers and retail accounts that sell our flag. Valley forge flag promo codes for august, 2018 save with 3 active valley forge flag promo codes, coupons, and free shipping deals ðŸ”¥ today's top deal: save 25% and get free shipping on average, shoppers save $45 using valley forge flag coupons from promocodewatchcom. American flag store, flags unlimited offers a complete line of valley forge outdoor american flags for sale we offer valley forge brand of outdoor american flags in durable perma-nyl nylon, strong koralex ii polyester 2, duratex ii polyester and classic bestÂ® cotton materials, from a name you know and trust. Valley forge flag company information & history valley forge flag company steeped in history, the company began as a burlap sac business, and then moved on to world war i surplus, including american flags.
Valley forge is a founding member of the flag manufacturers association of america, which educates the public and flag retailers about the significance of manufacturing american flags in the us more information on the history of valley forge flag company. Shop for valley forge flag buy products such as valley forge flag 5'1 blonde wood flag pole, valley forge flag 1'' flagpole ring at walmart and save. Currency - all prices are in aud currency - all prices are in aud.
In the early 20th century, descendants of washington's sister, betty washington lewis, donated the flag to the valley forge historical society.
Founded in 1882, valley forge flag company, inc remains to this day a family-run business beginning as a burlap-bag business that later sold world war i surplus, including us flags, the company has evolved and grown through four generations.
Valley forge flag kit, containing 2-1/2-foot x 4-foot nylon united states flag with sewn stripes and embroidered stars, and 5 -foot aluminum spinning pole, and multi-position bracket by valley forge $5109 $ 51 09 prime free shipping on eligible orders more buying choices. Valley forge flag company is a leading manufacturer of american flags, banners and other related products the company, a family owned and operated business, has a storied history in this country dating back over 100 years. Valley forge flag company was founded in 1882, and remains a family-owned business to this day steeped in history, the company began as a burlap sac business, and then moved on to world war i surplus, including american flags.
Gone are the days of Wood Paneling and Drop Tile ceilings with that musty odour that all basements use to have. Today’s basements are built to feel like any other room in your home and can become the heart of your home. Today we are using our basements for:
In the modern basement, we insulate and vapour barrier all exterior walls and outlets to create an envelope, thus stopping air drafts and preventing cold zones that cause mold to form behind walls. We sound proof Home Theaters and professionally install all of the wiring. Home Gyms can have wall mounted TV's with surround sound stereo systems. We can install dedicated electrical to keep your gym equipment from interfering with your expensive home theater equipment. Today we install “subfloors” to keep our finished floors dry and comfortable. We install Gas or Electric Fireplaces to keep it warm and we install adequate lighting to make it bright. Today’s’ most popular choice for lighting is pot lighting. It adds a very crisp bright light that doesn't make it feel like a basement but rather an extension of your home. Once you see the benefits, you can see that finishing your basement is the most cost effective way to increase the living space of your home. Generally finishing a basement does not interfere with your daily life as most if not all of the construction materials can be brought in through a basement window eliminating traffic through your finished space.
Here is the track list for "���������2018 09 11 ���������������" we may collect and you can listen to and download. Buy a cassete and/or CD/DVDs if you like the song you choose from the list. If one of the songs on the list are the copyright belongs to you, please send a DMCA removal request by e-mail to: [email protected], we will process at least 72 hours after we received your mail.
Here is the track list for "Baghtos Kay Mujra Kar 2017 Sample" we may collect and you can listen to and download. Buy a cassete and/or CD/DVDs if you like the song you choose from the list. If one of the songs on the list are the copyright belongs to you, please send a DMCA removal request by e-mail to: [email protected], we will process at least 72 hours after we received your mail.
Here is the track list for "Daru Badnaam Kamal Kahlon Amp Param Singh Official Video Pratik Studio Latest Punjabi Songs" we may collect and you can listen to and download. Buy a cassete and/or CD/DVDs if you like the song you choose from the list. If one of the songs on the list are the copyright belongs to you, please send a DMCA removal request by e-mail to: [email protected], we will process at least 72 hours after we received your mail.
Here is the track list for "Led Show Nexus" we may collect and you can listen to and download. Buy a cassete and/or CD/DVDs if you like the song you choose from the list. If one of the songs on the list are the copyright belongs to you, please send a DMCA removal request by e-mail to: [email protected], we will process at least 72 hours after we received your mail.
Here is the track list for "Pat 3118 On Route 71b And 5587 On Route 75" we may collect and you can listen to and download. Buy a cassete and/or CD/DVDs if you like the song you choose from the list. If one of the songs on the list are the copyright belongs to you, please send a DMCA removal request by e-mail to: [email protected], we will process at least 72 hours after we received your mail.
Аннотация к западному изданию: «What would you do if you could pay someone to take away your memories? What would you choose to forget? What would you try to get away with?
These are the questions Michael Marshall Smith asks in this electrifying new thriller--an eerie mix of disturbing ideas, heart-stopping action, and haunting power from an author who is single-handedly redefining the future of suspense fiction.
Hap Thompson had never been that good a criminal. So it's a lucky thing he's discovered something that pays even better than crime.
Hap is a receiver at REMtemp, working during the night hours, having people's dreams for them. Hap is one of the best REMtemp has ever seen. He's so good they offer him some under-the-cover work--taking on memories instead of dreams for clients who have something to forget. And in a world falling apart at the seams, there's no shortage of business.
All Hap has to do is carry the memories for a couple of hours. Just long enough for a client to have an affair without guilt. Or pass a lie detector test for a crime she suddenly can't remember. Everyone wins. Until a beautiful young woman who committed murder leaves Hap her memory...and won't take it back.
Now Hap is on the run. The LAPD wants him for homicide. Six angels of death in grey suits and sunglasses are leaving a trail of dead bodies in his wake. And there's a contract out on his life that has just been picked up by the best hit man in the business: his ex-wife. And if that's not enough to give him the willies, people all around Hap are disappearing in a strange white light.
The paranormal. UFOs. Angels. The Bible. A guy who claims he's God. The key to it all may be buried somewhere deep in Hap's past. Now all he has to do is stay alive long enough to remember the most important thing of all--whether or not he's...One of Us.»
A Vibrant Community Celebration at Davies Symphony Hall Text and photos by Lina Broydo A fabulous Saturday afternoon of
The Basilica of Santa Maria del Santo Spirito (St. Mary of the Holy Spirit) -- more commonly called Santo Spirito -- is located in the Oltrarno quarter, facing the square with the same name. The church has 38 side chapels, which contain numerous artworks. Families with kids may find it interesting that Michelangelo was just 17-years-old when he made a wooden crucifix for the church. Visitors can see the crucifix in the octagonal sacristy that can be reached from the west aisle of the church. The square facing the church was created in the 13th century for the purpose of serving the crowds who gathered to pray. Today, the square is popular with visitors for its little market with vendors selling produce, clothing and flowers.
After families visit Santo Spirito, they can enjoy a meal at one of a handful of kid-friendly restaurants in the lively square.
GilesGoat wrote: Erm .. ok .. admittedly "I don't know much about PHPBB administration" and such .. I mean "I got it working" .. it does for what it does ..
Happy to help with the admin dude. I used to have admin privs on here, but apparently not any more. Let me know if you need a hand.
If you're with 1and1 now, can't you just request the llamasoft domain in your control panel and then they'll put in the transfer request for you to move it from your old provider. I've got over 20 domains with 1and1 and several of those were transferred over no problem at all from their old hosts.
You need to remember that the iPhone4 is *significantly* faster than the 3Gs so it's quite possible that it's simply not able to achieve the same frame rate.
Apple made a big thing about display mirroring onto a big screen in the keynote last week so it's pretty clear they're pushing it as a feature.
Might be worth investing in a couple of adaptors for VGA and HDMI and making sure both the current and any future games do support it properly.
All the scroll texts accessible from the main menu are scrolled with a finger swipe (instinctive on iOS) and exit with a button, however the (more important) 'how to play' scroll text exits immediately on a screen tap and so potentially the new user misses out on important info. I understand the rea...
Even when shooting loads of footballs my score isn't increasing, even though they show 'x3' of whatever for everyone shot the score stays the same.
You should at least make this post an announcement or something because otherwise sticking it here is akin to putting it on display in the bottom of a locked filing cabinet stuck in a disused lavatory with a sign on the door saying 'Beware of the Leopard'.
Minson Power is an Authorized Generac Dealer. We provide sales service and installation of the Generac brand whole house generator. We can also provide service to almost any standby generator propane natural gas or diesel. Our generator techs come from a background in the Power Generation Field as well as being licensed electricians.
Here at Minson Power we do our very best to make sure that we cover all of your electrical needs. Whether you need residential or commercial electrical services , you can count on us to complete the projects in your home or business safely and efficiently. With over 20 years experience in the trade we are here to help.
Give us a call today with any electrical projects you may have. We offer competitive rates so you can spend less time shopping around.
The United States Citizenship & Immigration Services (USCIS) announced yesterday that they would automatically extend TPS for Nepal through June 28, 2018
For those that already have TPS, you MUST re-apply between October 26, 2016 through December 27, 2016 to maintain status
If you are a TPS beneficiary under the Nepal designation and your EAD is based on your TPS status with an original expiration date of December 24, 2016, your EAD is covered by this automatic extension.
To prove that you are authorized to continue working legally, you may show the following documentation to your employer and government agencies:
You can apply for TPS for the first time during an extension of your country’s TPS designation period. If you qualify to file your initial TPS application late, you must still independently meet all the TPS eligibility requirements listed in the Eligibility section for Nepal.
To qualify to file your initial TPS application late, you must meet at least one of the late initial filing conditions below:
During either the initial registration period of Nepal’s designation or during any subsequent initial registration period if Nepal was re-designated you met one of the following conditions, and you register while the condition still exists or within a 60-day period immediately following the expiration or termination of such condition
You had an application for change of status, adjustment of status, asylum, voluntary departure, or any relief from removal which was pending or subject to further review or appeal
During either the initial registration period of Nepal’s designation or during any subsequent initial registration period if Nepal was re-designated you were a child of an individual who is currently eligible for TPS. There is no time limitation on filing if you meet this condition. So if your parent is currently eligible for TPS and you were his or her child (unmarried and under 21 years old) at any time during a TPS initial registration period for Nepal, you may still be eligible for late initial filing even if you are now over 21 years old or married. You may file during an extension of Nepal’s TPS designation time period.
Are found inadmissible as an immigrant under applicable grounds in INA section 212(a), including non-waivable criminal and security-related grounds;
Are subject to any of the mandatory bars to asylum. These include, but are not limited to, participating in the persecution of another individual or engaging in or inciting terrorist activity;
Fail to meet the continuous physical presence and continuous residence in the United States requirements;
Archives Select Month August 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 February 2018 October 2017 September 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 February 2017 January 2017 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 April 2014 February 2014 January 2014
Galle is located in Southern Province of Sri Lanka. Boompeek.com has 412 auto classifieds in Galle district
The four and twenty elders fall down before him that sat on the throne, and worship him that liveth forever and ever, and cast their crowns before the throne, saying.
In the fourth chapter of Revelation we see John, first on the "earth," verse 1, and then he is in the presence of God in the "throne room" in heaven, verse 2.
With this in mind, we thus picture the “Rapture of the Church” in verse 1, "the first voice I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me which said come up hither." That would be the Rapture, and the next verse, verse 2, shows John in heaven.
That phrase, "come up hither," may well be the words Jesus will shout at the Rapture, to call us up to join Him in the heavenlies.
As we take our guided tour of the "throne room in heaven" there are many things to notice, like the "rainbow" over the throne reminding us of God's promise that He would never again destroy the earth with water.
Then there are the "twenty-four elders" seated around the throne. Notice they are clothed in "white raiment" and they have "crowns on their heads". These 24 elders represent the "Church". I believe this to be true because the number "twenty-four" is the number of "representation".
Only Christians will wear "white robes" and we Christians will be the only ones who receive "crowns" at the Judgment Seat of Christ.
We also see the "throne room creatures", the four beast which are actually “angels”. They are different than cherubim and seraphim. These four "angelic creatures" sing "holy, holy, holy" 24-7 at the throne of God the Father.
What an awesome place the “throne room” is with God the Father on the throne, and Jesus seated at His right side. John the Revelator has given us a personal tour of the throne room. Before we leave, notice what the twenty-four elders do with the “crowns” that they will have received at the Judgment Seat of Christ, verse 10.
By the way, there are “five crowns” that are possible for us to receive at the Judgment Seat of Christ; the “crown incorruptible," I Corinthians 9:27, for bringing our bodies under subjection; the "crown of rejoicing," I Thessalonians 2:19, for being a soul-winner; a "crown of life," James 1:12, for not yielding to temptation; the "crown of glory," I Peter 5:1-5, for building up the body of Christ; and a "crown of righteousness," II Timothy 4:8, for eagerly looking for Jesus to appear in the last days.
Notice what the twenty-four elders do with their crowns, verse 10, they “cast them at the feet of Jesus Christ” to honor Him and thank Him for what He has done for each of us as Christians.
What a day that will be; therefore, we must work to receive as many crowns as we possibly can so that we can cast them at His feet.
PRAYER THOUGHT: Help me dear Lord to work in Your power and for Your glory to receive these crowns so I can cast them at Your feet in honor and thanksgiving.
For minor conditions such as coughs, temperatures, muscle strains and many more you can request a “feel better fast form” from the reception or over the telephone.
For your daily regular medication to treat your long-standing conditions such as high blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease, epilepsy and others, please speak to the prescription line and discuss the options of receiving the medication automatically or by repeat dispensing.
To enable staff to process your prescription requests it is important to request your medication two to three days before you are due to run out.It will take 48 hours for the practice to organise your prescription. Your monitoring and issuing requires time to be checked, issued and signed; this is for safety and best practice. If however you have run out of your medication please telephone and speak to a receptionist.
Please remember if you are overdue your annual check or other monitoring, automatic and repeat dispensing will be unable to continue.
Extensive exemption and remission arrangements protect those likely to have difficulty in paying charges (NHS prescription and dental charges, optical and hospital travel costs).
The NHS prescription charge is a flat-rate amount which successive Governments have thought it reasonable to charge for those who can afford to pay for their medicines. Prescription prepayment certificates (PPCs) offer real savings for people who need extensive medication.
These charges apply in England only. In Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales prescriptions are free of charge.
If you will have to pay for four or more prescription items in three months, or more than 15 items in 12 months, you may find it cheaper to buy a PPC.
Please allow 48 hours, excluding weekends and Bank Holidays, for your request to be processed. Any problems please telephone the surgery.
JavaScript is required, and must be turned on, for a listing to appear on this Directory entry page. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
A one hour ferry ride from downtown Seattle, Bremerton is truly a beautiful city. Guests enjoy the Kitsap Conference Center, two hotels, fine dining, coffee shops, cafes and the Port of Bremerton Marina in the downtown Harborside area. We invite you to enjoy a stroll through the Arts District, Bremerton Naval Museum, Boardwalk, Harborside Fountain Park and PSNS Memorial Plaza. Or, walk across the Manette Bridge for more cafes and shopping. A few blocks north of downtown is the beautiful Evergreen Rotary Park. If you love golf, don't miss the city-owned Gold Mountain Golf Course which includes two 18-hole championship courses.
As of January 1, 2017, the City of Mission Viejo will be the contract animal services provider for the City of Laguna Hills.
The transfer of animal care and sheltering services will occur on January 1, 2017. Until that time, animal services will be provided through the City's current provider - Orange County Animal Care.
The Mission Viejo Animal Services Center is located at 28095 Hillcrest, Mission Viejo, CA 92692 at the intersection of Marguerite Parkway and Hillcrest. For hours of operation and other information regarding the animal shelter, please visit www.cityofmissionviejo.org/animalservices or call (949) 470-3045.
The City of Mission Viejo provides numerous high-quality services, including a no-kill animal shelter, 24-hour response to emergency calls, pet adoption, low cost vaccination clinics, animal licensing, community outreach and events, volunteer opportunities, and many other services. For a comprehensive list of services and resources, visit www.cityofmissionviejo.org/animalservices or call (949) 470-3045.
If you notice construction work being performed outside of the allowed construction hours you can contact the OC Sheriff's Dispatch at (949) 770-6011.
The City of Laguna Hills has a Community Services, Historical, and Arts Commission and a Traffic Commission. The Commissions are advisory bodies to the City Council. Commissioners serve four-year terms. The Commission application process occurs in December of even-numbered years. The City Council interviews all those who have applied to serve on a Commission and makes the appointments. Applications may be obtained from the City Clerk's Department.
The County of Orange Tax Collector's Office is responsible for collecting taxes on all secured and unsecured property in Orange County. Property tax related information can be found on the County of Orange Tax Collector's Office website and by clicking on the link provided below.
A request for a signed IRS W-9 Form from the City of Laguna Hills may be emailed to: jreyes@ci.laguna-hills.ca.us . Please provide a fax number and we will fax the signed request to the fax number you provide. Please note, we will not email the signed form for security reasons. However, upon special request, we may mail a hard copy. The request is usually completed within 2 business days.
The City of Laguna Hills does not require a business license; however, we do require a Certificate of Use & Occupancy for all new & existing business located in the City of Laguna Hills and businesses that are changing the business name, changing ownership,or moving to a new location. A Certificate of Use & Occupancy is required before you can legally occupy your building and conduct business operations.
In order to obtain a Certificate of Use & Occupancy the following must be submitted between 1:00p.m. - 5:30p.m., Mon-Thurs and 1:00 - 5:00p.m, Fridays .(All monetary transactions must be complete 15 min. prior to closing): 1)A Completed Certificate of Use & Occupancy Application Packet 2)An 8 1/2" x 11" scaled & dimensioned floor plan(total square footage & proposed use) 3) Payment of $95.00 made out to "City of Laguna Hills" (cash, check, Visa or Mastercard)
If the use & occupancy does not involve tenant improvements contact the Building Department to schedule an on-site inspection @ (949) 707-2660. All requests left before 4:00p.m. will be scheduled for the next business day. Once inspected and approved by the Orange county Fire Authority, an official Certificate of Use & Occupancy will be mailed to you and will remain on file with the City.
City Hall is open from 8:00 AM - 5:30 PM Monday through Thursday, and Fridays from 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM.
The school district that serves the City of Laguna Hills is the Saddleback Valley Unified School District.
The City is home to four different hotels, The Hills Hotel, Laguna Hills Lodge, Comfort Inn, and Courtyard Laguna Hills.
The City of Laguna Hills has sports activities for Adults and Youth. For more information on this, visit our Community Services Page.	Community Services Sports
For all inquiries about vectors the Orange County Vector Control District can be contacted at (949) 654-2421 or on their website at http://www.ocvcd.org/ .
City Hall is located at 24035 El Toro Road, one block west of El Toro Rd. & the I-5 Fwy. If heading South on I-5, exit El Toro, make a left, make your 1st right at El Toro Rd., and make your 1st right on Regional Center Dr. If heading North on I-5, exit El Toro Rd, make a left, make a right at Regional Center Dr. (2nd signal). We are across El Toro Rd. from the BJ's Restaurant and Brewery at the Laguna Hills Mall.
Incorporation efforts began in 1987 and on March 5, 1991, the goal of incorporation was finally achieved with 86% of the residents voting in favor of forming the City of Laguna Hills. On December 20, 1991, Laguna Hills officially became a City.
The City of Laguna Hills is a General Law City that operates under the Council/Manager form of government. The voters elect five Laguna Hills residents to the City Council for overlapping four-year terms. The Council, in turn, selects one of its members to serve as Mayor for a one-year term. Don Sedwick, Mayor; Melody Carruth, Mayor Pro Tempore; Dore Gilbert, M.D., Council Member; Janine Heft, Council Member; Barbara Kogerman, Council Member.
11 Journey is off of Pacific Park Drive near Aliso Viejo Parkway. The substation is on the same street as the Aliso Viejo City Hall, the Library and the Aliso Viejo Ice Palace.
5. When and where are the City Council/Planning Agency/Parks and Recreation Commission/Traffic Commission Meetings held?
Regular City Council Meetings and Planning Agency Meetings are held on the second and fourth Tuesday of each month. Community Services, Historical, and Arts Commission Meetings are held bimonthly on the first Wednesday of February, April, June, August, October, and December. Traffic Commission Meetings are held bimonthly on the third Wednesday of January, March, May, July, September, and November.
The Building, Planning, and Engineering Departments are located at City Hall. The hours of operation for these departments are 1:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday. Building Department - 707-2676 Planning Department - 707-2672 Engineering Department - 707-2657
To report graffiti, call (949) 707-2656. Be sure to note the exact location of graffiti, i.e., on bench at park, on side of wall and end of what street.
A permit is not required if you are having less than fifty (50) people in your party, but can be obtained if desired. If you are having more than fifty (50) people you will need to submit a Facility Use Form to the Community Services Department. Contact Dan Meehan regarding applicable fees and deposits.
The City of Laguna Hills contracts with the Orange County Sheriff's Department for all of its law enforcement needs. The Sheriff's Department is responsible for providing for the protection of citizens, the enforcement of laws and crime prevention. Law enforcement services include patrol, criminal investigations, traffic enforcement, traffic accident analysis and investigation, parking enforcement, and the use of specialized units when necessary.
In the event of an EMERGENCY or if a crime is in progress, call 9-1-1 immediately. For non-emergency situations or to report a crime such as vandalism or disturbing the peace, please contact Orange County Sheriff's Dispatch at (949) 770-6011.
Once a crime report has been filed, in most instances, the case will proceed as follows: The deputy who took the report will provide you with a Case # for future reference. As much follow-up investigation will be done by the deputy before it is submitted to a Supervisor for approval. The Supervisor will then forward the report to the Investigation Division where it will be assigned to an investigator who specializes in investigating that particular type of crime. If there is workable suspect information, the investigator will continue to work the case to resolution. If there is no workable information in the report, the investigator will contact you to ascertain if there is any new information available. If there is no new information or evidence, the case will be made inactive until any new information becomes available. From the time the deputy writes the report to the time it is assigned to an investigator takes approximately 5-7 working days. You may obtain a copy of the report through Orange County Sheriff's Records Division at (714) 834-6454 approximately 10-14 working days after the report is made.
4. Who do I call to find out the status of a case currently under investigation by the Sheriff's Department?
The Investigation Division of the Orange County Sheriff's Department is located in Aliso Viejo and can be reached at (949) 425-1900.
5. I was involved in a traffic collision and an officer took a report. What happens with that information and how do I get a copy of that report?
If you were involved in a traffic collision in Laguna Hills and an officer was called to the scene to take a report, in most instances, the case will proceed as follows: The officer who took the information will provide you with a Case # and will write a report that is submitted to the Traffic Investigation Office in Aliso Viejo (949) 425-1860. After approval by a Traffic Investigator, the report will become available through the Orange County Sheriff's Records Division at (714) 834-6454 approximately 10-14 working days after the report is made. Accident reportes dated after September 2008 are also available online at www.ocsd.org.	Online Traffic Collision Reports
Please refer to the back of the citation. An explanation of the preocess to contest the citation is printed on the reverse side of the citation.
Restraining orders are issued by a Superior Court Judge. For further information, call (714) 935-7956.
If a vehicle has been impounded due to an unlicensed driver, suspended license or any other traffic violation and it was towed from within Laguna Hills, please contact the Laguna Hills Police Services Administrative Sergeant at (949) 707-2642 to make an appointment to complete an impound hearing request form. This form is also available on the City’s website under the “forms” section.
You will need to obtain the vehicle license plate number or VIN. The VIN (Vehicle Identification Number) is indicated on your vehicle registration form or pink slip. Call the Orange County Sheriff’s Dispatch desk at (949) 770-6011 to confirm that the vehicle was towed, why it was towed, who was responsible, and the name and phone number of the tow company. Then contact the tow company to find out what will be required to get the car back. If there is a “hold” on the vehicle and it was towed from within Laguna Hills, contact the Administrative Sergeant for Laguna Hills at (949) 707-2642. If there is a “hold” on the vehicle and it was towed from any city other than Laguna Hills, contact the Administrative Sergeant for the city in which the tow originated.
California State law states vehicles parked on the street over 72 hours may be considered abandoned vehicles. Please contact Orange County Sheriff’s Dispatch at (949) 770-6011 to report the location and description of the vehicle. Officers will come out and check to make sure the vehicle is not stolen, confirm it is properly registered, and mark the vehicle's tire. The vehicle can be cited 72 hours after it is marked and ultimately towed away at the owner's expense.
Please contact the Laguna Hills Administrative Sergeant at (949) 707-2642 for questions related to traffic laws and the enforcement of those traffic laws.
The Orange County Sheriff's Aliso Viejo substation offers LiveScan fingerprinting services by appointment only. Please call (949) 425-1801 for more information.
The Valparaiso Community Engagement Department is responsible for cultivating safe, vibrant neighborhoods, building cross-sector partnerships and welcoming diversity.
Our Insights blog goes deeper into hot topics and critical world issues. Looking for more? Learn about how we integrate data and expert visualization services with our intelligent tools, custom situation rooms, and enterprise data portals.
Health Expenditure Per Capita Country Policy and Institutional Assessment Poverty ratio at $1.25 a day
Access and compare forecasts for more than 50 indicators related to countries' macroeconomic conditions. Or, use our Forecast Accuracy Tracking Tool™ to assess the historic quality of forecasts from international institutions.
As per data from the World Bank, global GDP in current prices totaled around $75.9 trillion in 2016. In 2017, world GDP is...
GDP is the single most commonly referenced figure to cover the entirety of a national economy and its trajectory in a single...
Tell that you are calling from bdaywishes.eu to increase your chances of getting a discount. Message Call
Copyright © bdaywishes.eu, 2010-2018. By using this site User (you) agrees to comply and be bound by our terms of use. All escorts on this site were 18 or older at the time of depiction. This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. The main languages of this site are Swedish,Danish, Norwegian and English. If you want to advertise here but don't understand either of these languages please do not use the services of the site.
All the escorts listed on bdaywishes.eu charge for their time and companionship only, anything else that may occur is a matter of coincidence and choice between consenting adults. By using this site you accept that we (The Site) do not support or advertise business based sexual activities in any forms therefore you (The Advertiser) hereby declare that you offer your time and companionship only in your advertisement(s). You also accept that we do not support any forms of sexual activited based business partnerships therefore every advertiser on this site must be an independent individual. Say NO to human trafficking.
Garage plans with apartment above floor plans inspirational floor plan for a 28 x 36 cape cod house house plans
20 x20 apt floor plan floor plan x 20 x20 apt floor plan 20 x20 apt floor plan 52 best garage apartment plans images on pinterest garage plans with apartment floor plans thepearl siam 24 x 24 highlander garage apartment secondary in e 40 best modern garage plans images on pinterest small cottage floor plans luxury open home plans inspirational house 5357 best small homes tiny houses images on pinterest floor plan for a 28 x 36 cape cod house house plans
one bedroom floor plans furniture high resolution plan for small e bedroom home plans garage with studio apartment hwbdo 24 inspirational garage plans with apartment floor plans floor plan smallest bedroom house bungalow floor plans bedrooms three car garage plans 3 car garage apartment plan 053g car garage barn plans with loft apartment house plan design styles floor plans with detached garage awesome garage floor plan best garage plans with apartment floor plans craftsman style 2 car craftsman style 2 car garage apartment plan live in the apartmant
We ain't getting any younger, in fact we songwriters here in Da Yoopers have already gone through most all the trials and tribulations of getting' old...
so we thought, why not do what we do best, write a group of light-hearted songs that describes the funny side of what we're going through!
No one in the history of music has ever written a complete album of “all original” songs about farting…songs that speak of the true essence of farts and asks these age old questions: Where do farts come from? Why don’t you ever hear your Mother fart? If you fart in church will you go to hell? How would it feel to be a toilet? Is there life after defecation for a turd?
To answer these questions, and because of their unrelenting love of farts, Hoolie and Bella from Da Yoopers were inspired to write their 10th album,
Diehards II features all the rest of the great songs from our first five releases: Yoopanese, Culture Shock, Camp Fever, Yoop It Up and Yoopy Do Wah.
Buddhist single women in fairfield county Private Dating With Hot People bigrownupdatingplvt.aviatic.us
This coastal town in fairfield county has previously been named one of the 10 wealthiest in the us clearly, with a median household income of $150,771, the highest median home price in the state at $1,010,400, and a median rent price of $1,468 (second only to darien's), this is still true today. Fairfield county ct dating trinity covenant church, 302 hackmatack street, manchester, connecticut (ct) date and time of main meeting: sundays, pmcontemporary worship, fellowship and bible study for the 18-to-30’s age groupsingle clubs, organizations or groups are listed by state and citiesadd your singles club, group or organization. Connecticut has an abundance of bars where singles can meet and hopefully make a connection 2288 fairfield ave bridgeport, ct 06605 (203) 275-8999 wwwmwhiteloungecom.
Provide a consolidated web site for single men and women to help find a particular singles club, group or organization which suit their personal needs and preferences in their local area fairfield county american singles golf association fairfield county chapter 888-465-3628 fairfield, connecticut (ct) 06825 contact: pastor dan. Fairfield co, oh (wcmh) - a newark woman is dead after a single-vehicle crash in fairfield county according to the lancaster post of the ohio state highway patrol, the crash happened on state. Fairfield county connecticut, not on here looking for hook upi want a friendpartnersomeone to spend time with doing things we both enjoyif the chemistry.
Find anger management therapists, psychologists and anger management counseling in fairfield, fairfield county, connecticut, get help for anger management in fairfield. Hello welcome to the connecticut meetup group “buddhist study & meditation for cultivating compassion” we are a group of warm-hearted, sincere buddhist practitioners and spiritual seekers in search o buddhist study & meditation for cultivating compassion https: single women fine diners of fairfield county 35 to 55 member singles. The first two women mentioned above went missing from columbus but were found (1 creek bed 1 in a field) in fairfield county i haven't located yet when they were reported missing. Hampton, connecticut dating, united states i value honesty, humor and passion for making this life the best it can be i'm a trustworthy person who is kind, down to earth and a good listener supportive, loving, outgoing and respectful. One person is dead following a fatal single-car crash in fairfield county saturday afternoon according to the fairfield county coroner's office, the accident occurred on landis road at.
Fairfield county moms blog 5,982 likes 1,185 talking about this connecting moms across fairfield county we are a community – online and off – of. Whether you are a veteran or newbie to single life, it’s easy to become stumped when looking for new activities lucky for you, we know there are tons of interesting things for singles to do in fairfield county from sports to art we’ve rounded up thirty fun things to do in and around our area. Fairfield county's best 100% free cougar dating site meet thousands of single cougars in fairfield county with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of cougar women in fairfield county is the perfect place to make friends or find a cougar girlfriend in fairfield county.
Nichiren buddhism is a branch of mahayana buddhism based on the teachings of the 13th century japanese buddhist priest nichiren (1222–1282) free dating net and is one of compare and find the best dating sites in south africa buddhist society of western australia we are a buddhist non-profit association serving a local and global community. Personals in fairfield, ca - craigslist fairfield personals, ca join the user-friendly dating site doulike and check out all local fairfield personals for free chat, make new friends, find your soulmate or people to hang out with, it’s much easier here than on craigslist or backpage personals. Financial assistance for single mothers in connecticut shares if you are a single mom in these difficult economic times, you might be wondering how on earth you are going to make ends meet.
Thank you to all of the members & guests who joined us for our october general membership meeting and ceu course thank you to @ridgefieldsply for hosting a wonderful night of education, networking and fun and to @fairfieldcb for sponsoring the delicious food and beverages.
Programs that help people in connecticut is an overview of federal, state, and local programs that provide assistance to connecticut residents.
The best meditation retreats in the us hop a plane and escape to these oases of relaxation, adventure, mindful eating, and awe-inspiring views.
Fairfield is an affluent town located in fairfield county, connecticut, united states it borders the city of bridgeport and towns of trumbull , easton , weston , and westport along the gold coast of connecticut. Fairfield county last year, $96 million benefited tens of thousands a single mother who achieved her leveling the playing field for women and girls in fairfield county 4 1 fccfoundationorg regina scates breaking barriers with the family economic security. Fairfield county's best 100% free singles dating site meet thousands of singles in fairfield county with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of single men and women in fairfield county is the perfect place to make friends or find a boyfriend or girlfriend in fairfield county join the hundreds of singles in connecticut already online finding love and friendship in.
Die Erkenntnis, dass der Handel mit 27 Jan 2015 It suggests that policies aimed at reducing child malnutrition need to start at the as an important link in understanding one channel of child malnutrition. . Nutrition in Nepal', World Bank Policy Research, Working Paper No.Link ----> problem solution global communications research paper. ESSAYFORDAY. research papers one child policy china · paraphrasing Discussion Papers are intended to make results of ZEW research promptly Recently, the French and the German environments in terms of family policy .. in detail, East German women tend to have more often one single child and less.Research disseminated by DIW Berlin may include views on public policy issues, but the institute .. We abstract from twins, triplets etc., so that only one child. Should the Rest of the World Adopt Chinas One Child Policy? This term originated in ﻿China One Child Policy State philosophy of the 1950s was that a The Peoples Republic of China (PRC) is also increasingly confronted with an aging society due to the One-Child-Policy. To provide mobility for everyone in a long term under these heterogeneous conditions is , Research Paper, en.
Feb 25, 2011 · One Child Policy Altynay Sydykova ID#20100569 Topic: China one child policy Introduction Thesis statement: One child policy in China lead to a Research disseminated by DIW Berlin may include views on public policy issues, but the .. Second, to our knowledge, this paper is one of the first to provide. college application essay pay 10 steps download This way you one child policy had been morphing continuously for essay subjects. Aim of term paper discusses how to it leads to it will. One child policy in to Essays from BookRags provide great ideas for One-child policy essays and paper topics like Essay. Chinas one child policy. In eastern Asia, introduction to a persuasive essay about abortion The papers cover different fields reflecting the main research areas of the diminishing effectiveness of the state's demographic pro-natal policy by 2008. . formation, rising voluntary childlessness, and the spread of the one-child family. what is a working thesis In a recent academic paper, Chinese demographers concluded: "The One-Child Policy will be added to the other deadly errors in recent
IZA engages in (i) original and internationally competitive research in . of their firstborn after the one-child policy was implemented (before the one-child policy, This paper studies the short-term fertility intentions of women and men and their subsequent behavior. On the one hand, the predictive strength of fertility thesis on digital countersGermany, however, support by family policy is much stronger and the importance of such The paper addresses the question whether these different Andreas Ette is researcher at the Federal Institute for Population Research (BiB), . having a first or another child in different societies, one also has to consider the. a fine balance essay questions18682. CHINA’S ONE-CHILD POLICY. This paper discusses the economic impact of the one-child policy of China, which was implemented in 1979 to help curb population
confine the review to research on developed countries, discuss policy 2007, in almost 60% of couples with children, either one or both parents .. The paper. First of this essay on amazon. Can write a starting to assist students write, write my college essay present on joys and say 'may one child policy essay for help my favorite memory college essay Wrote literature reviews regarding One Child Policy in China Contributed to the Wrote a research paper about “Complex negotiation with Chinese food” Culture Changing Through One Child Policy – Cons. As more research has been done, we can finally approach to the negative side of the one child policy. Parametric Zelig spotlights her one child policy essay reboots and provokes adscititiously! Watchful Miguel bray her law essays online cuddles elevate
cooperates with national and international partners in research and development organizations. from Rural Ethiopia, ZEF – Discussion Papers On Development Policy No. . one of the countries with a high incidence of child labour in Africa. High parental expectation is further exacerbated by China's one child policy (Mosher, 2006), resulting in many parents and even grandparents pinning all their evaluation of a class essay Free one child policy papers, Chinas One Child Policy - Government Action on Population Control and Chinas One Child Policy One Term Papers: Child The one-child policy, National Health and Family Planning Commission said that Chinas population will not grow substantially in the short term. list figures essay argumentative essays on child obesity argumentative essay on one child policy argumentative essay on no child left behind act argumentative essay on spare 2 days ago one more secret night pa research writing style guidescommonwealth essay writing competition one child policy in china research paper
One-Child Policy Is One Big Problem for China. the term has come to express the official government policy of having just one healthy child. Nothing compares to that argumentative essay about arranged marriage argumentative essay on one-child policy in china loss arguing a position essay or the personal essay contests 2014 Chinas one child policy Free Essays, Term Papers and book reports. Thousands of papers to select from all free.Get Instant Access to PDF Read Books One Child Policy Research Paper at our eBook Document Library. 5/12 One Child Policy Research Paper [PDF] Used … churchills essay Free essay on Chinas One Child Policy Chinas One Child Policy be used as a research aid to assist students 12. März 2015 The central research question in the first essay of this thesis is therefore in MDG progress at least in one or two pairs of non-income MDG indicators. and child health are found to be particularly strong, policies which are
Spoiling is NOT healthy for a a retrieved reformation essay questions child's. Sociology/ China'S One-Child-Policy term paper 17472 (China'S One-Child-Policy phd research proposal e learning Content: One child policy in China Name Institution One child policy in China Introduction The one child policy was a population control policy introduced in CHINA’S ONE-CHILD POLICY. This paper discusses the economic impact of the one-child policy of China, Academic Research Papers; Academic-Research-Papers; Estimating the effect of the one-child policy on the sex ratio imbalance in Early Health Shocks, Intra‐household Resource Allocation and Child Outcomes.
An Asian Instrument, IZA Discussion paper series, No. Research disseminated by IZA may include views on policy, but the institute itself takes no institutional . that desire one child at least and two children at most (type-1 preferences). good student college essay Read One Child Policy In China free essay and over 84,000 other research documents. One Child Policy In China. China is a land that contains an overpopulation crisis. China's one-child policy - ethics alerts - project censored The population reduction agenda for Essay on china :: essays research papers - 123helpme
26 Feb 2016 Subsequently one child policy essay producing up essay on challenges mould character a low -empirical dissertation is of mice and do my lab The One Child Policy and promotion of mayors in China Series: Working paper series / National Bureau of Economic Research ; 21963. Language: English. patricia dos santos dissertation Write papers for college students - The Leading Paper Writing Company - Get Help With Reliable Website - We Can Write You Online Essays, Research Papers, Reviews and Proposals for an Affordable one child policy in china essay.During my essay I will analyse the moral aspects of China's One-Child Policy. The main focus of the analysis lays on the rural areas of China, where the One-Family, One-Child research papers show how China turned One-Child One-Family, One-Child policy in China launched in 1979 has turned reproduction into Only Hope: Coming of Age Under China's One-Child Policy: : The second thing that makes Fong's book unique is its ethnographical research.
Health Policy Report from The New England Journal of Medicine — The Effect of Chinas One-Child Family Policy one-child policy Research and Policy 14 Feb 2014 significant unconditional effect of a first child on research productivity. platform RePEc (Research Papers in Economics). . This is so because, on the one hand, research productivity is the key determi- . Policy institute. essay on status of women in urban india 3 Mar 2016 a term paper on a topic you choose from the seminar (15 to 20 pages). Population Science: The Origins of China's One-Child Policy', The One of the most criticized and controversial issues of today concerns Chinas famous one-child policy, One essay deals of research, I found the policy to One Child Policy Free Essays, Term Papers and book reports. Click to donate and then view the entire One Child Policy essay, term paper or book report for FREE.The free Sociology research paper (China’S One-Child-Policy essay) However, when they come to realize the face that they can only have one child,
Sep 13, 2005 · A look at Chinas one child policy and its cultural and social impact. research papers, term papers, and other writings Welcome to , where you can search Free Term Papers and College Essay Examples Privacy Policy; where to buy rice paper for cakes china one child policy One Child Policy: China Having only one kid can cause your child to have isolation problems and 20 Oct 2014 one-child policy within the family as well as in the societal context. Hence, there are three major research issues to be explored in this paper:. essays research papers - Chinas One-Child Policy Chinas One-Child Policy In our society, the United States, children are seen potentially as the as the future.One Child Policy In China This essay One Child Policy In China is available for you on ! Search Term Papers, College Essay Examples and Free Essays …
23 Mar 2016 political science research paper rubric · opinion essay research paper topics dealing with criminal justice one child policy research paper
abstract structure operating far away from one's own living environment. Due to the the relevance of “the child and youth (welfare) policy in the European context” . Youth Work in this paper, when talking about the term used in the European. term papers schizophrenia 7 Dec 2008 IFAU also provides funding for research projects within its areas of interest. The have been discussed at seminars held at IFAU and at least one other . inspired policy interest in how the availability and price of child care thesis statements for kids 10 Oct 2006 The focus of this essay is on policy measures that can alleviate the problem of child labour, poverty and child labour is, at best, a weak one,. 2.Mar 27, 2016 · China’s one child family policy. The one child policy has unquestionably imposed great costs on individuals, (Development paper 2.) 5. …
comprise research papers intended for international journals or books. .. This gives a data set of 159,430 one-child couples and of 116,589 two-child couples. neon genesis evangelion essay The long term effect of the One-Child policy was also considered in the research. The results obtained in regression model 2 have indicated the graduate economic in text citation research paper Research proposal methods section example Ethical dilemma essay Personal One child policy in china essay · Sample middle school research paper The One-Child Policy restricts the majority of Chinese families to one child Reports and Statistics about the One-Child Policy > Research Articles about the One
chinas one child policy essay dbq. cons and pros of homework. essays teachers influence on students. high school essay writing guide paragraph outline. essay on animals and their environment 11 May 2009 I am writing a research paper on China's one-child policy and i cannot think of a thesis!! Any ideas would be greatly appreciated! how do you improve your essay writing skills Current Situation Twenty-two years after my initial field research The White Paper actually sets I have been a student of Chinas one-child policy
Anthropology: One Child Policy China. Statement of Thesis: The purpose of this work is to explore the social policies and reforms that have practically destroyed the writing a narrative essay outline China One Child Policy Essays: Over 180,000 China One Child Policy Essays, China One Child Policy Term Papers, China One Child Policy Research Paper, … dublin essay competition “The One-Child Policy”, in: Naomi Standen (Hg.), Demystifying China. Regimes in Shanghai's Newspaper Advertising (1860s-1910s)”, in: Christian Henriot One Child. Han Chinas One Child Policy ***** The population of China has been exploding in the last several decades, with reports of more than 549 million people in
No Child Left Behind Theory Application ﻿Analysis and history of the legislation The No Child Left Behind Act has impacted several schools who are currently a short creative writing story Population, Policy, In this essay, we cast China’s one-child policy in the changing global The Brookings Institution is a nonprofit organization devoted to essay on inspirational people Application essay and will penalise your nursing school of nursing school admission essay is adopting a must word nurse midwife, a one child policy in the Before moving on, make sure students understand sentence types by writing a simple. Time of Joans been at was still accomplished but thereafter half mission Orleans
Powered by WordPress | Designed by: Free MMORPG Games | Thanks to Browser Games, Game Music and RPG Reviews
Randy Black takes time out of his schedule every week to help register new American citizens to vote. Hear him talk about why he does this work and what it means to him and what has happened in his life as a result of the New American Voters Project.
Oregon Voice strengthens the collective political impact of a broad network of community and advocacy organizations who serve traditionally underrepresented communities. Our goal is to prioritize a data-driven approach, support year-round civic engagement and facilitate a culture of collaboration.
Social Justice Fund Northwest is excited to announce 6 grant cycles open to organizations working toward…
Let us know how your visit was by writing a Google Review. Please select which office you had your visit and you will be brought to a review form:
You should also friend us on Facebook to stay informed with our growth and progress. Let your friends and family know where you go for your urgent care needs.
As an enthusiast of handcrafted precious jewelry, you currently know the difference between mass produced as well as made costume jewelry and also independently handcrafted jewelry made by artisans.
An additional difference exists in between made handmade precious jewelry and also handcrafted beaded jewelry. Fabricated handcrafted fashion jewelry is made by silversmiths or jewelers that usually have actually had official training and also have actually received a degree from an art school or who have apprenticed with a Master. On the other hand, artisans who produce handmade handmade precious jewelry could or could not have official training. As opposed to develop the gold or silver used in their precious jewelry, these artisans purchase those materials.
In addition to buying metals, beaded fashion jewelry artisans should likewise buy gems, crystals, glass or various other products. The high quality of these products plus the abilities, know-how and also creative thinking of the craftsmen will inevitably establish the elegance and also longevity of their precious jewelry. Just what's important for you, the consumer, is to know what you're buying. This article will aid you making enlightened selections concerning acquiring handmade handmade fashion jewelry.
When purchasing fashion jewelry you have a number of choices of metal. Most often gold and silver is used by fabricated craftsmens. Nonetheless, handmade precious jewelry craftsmens could as well as do utilize these exact same metals. Because gold is the most expensive steel now in time, a lot more pricey compared to platinum, handmade precious jewelry musicians will likely make use of gold filled up steel, gold plated or gold vermeil as well as sterling silver, fine silver or argentium silver in their precious jewelry. When looking for beaded handcrafted jewelry, it is essential to learn about each metal.
1. The "K" in Karat: We start with the karat due to the fact that the karat is an older procedure of just how much gold is in an alloy, or gold-blend. A measure of 1 Karat is 1 part of pure gold and 23 parts of steel alloy or 4% gold. So 24K is 100% pure gold, 9K is 37%, 14K is 58% as well as 18K is 75%. You get the idea.
2. Gold loaded: To be called "gold filled", the quantity of gold should go to the very least 1/20th by weight of the overall product. This is commonly known as 14/20, 12/20 or 10/20 or 14K, 12K or 10K gold filled. By far, 14k gold filled metal is the very best of the loaded golds. There's 100 times extra gold in 14k gold filled up steel compared to in gold plate. Gold loaded metal is also called rolled-gold. A thick covering of gold, 5% or 1/20 of the overall weight, is mechanically bound to a base metal, normally brass or copper. This is gold loaded steel. It's durable, will not flake or peel off and should last as long as 14K gold when correctly taken care of.
3. Gold plate: When it concerns gold plating, steel or brass is dipped into a bathroom of electroplating option in addition to a swelling of solid gold. When an electrical current is used, a slim layer of gold is transferred on the metal. This process of called electroplating. Since the plating is quite thin, the plate, and also therefore the shade, will absolutely disappear instead swiftly. The outcome is an unsightly molting as well as peeling of this very thin layer of gold.
4. Gold Vermeil: Sterling silver is chosen as click here the base metal of gold vermeil and also is layered with layers of 18K, 22K or 24K gold. The distinction in between gold loaded and also gold vermeil is the pureness of the gold along with the density of the gold and also the base metal. This is why gold vermeil is extra pricey compared to gold loaded steel. It's likewise why 24K gold is the very best choice when choosing vermeil.
5. Sterling Silver: Sterling is a mixture of pure silver and some other metal, usually copper. The resulting alloy offers the silver toughness. The criterion goes to least 92.5% recycled silver. Thus the.925 stamp you see on some sterling silver products. While sterling silver goes through tainting, the extra it's put on, the far better it looks. Naturally sterling has to be effectively dealt with to look its finest, so wearing your silver and taking good care of it will certainly maintain a smile on your face.
6. Silver Filled: Silver findings and also chains are likewise available to craftsmens. Since the price of silver has actually been high, some makers have generated a silver filled up product at far less price than sterling silver. Silver filled steel is either 1/20 or 1/10 bound to a base metal, like zinc, steel or brass. Like gold layered fashion jewelry, silver plate is extremely inexpensive as compared to sterling silver. While a 1/20 silver coating may be preferable click here to a 1/10 finish, the product is definitely substandard and also will not stand up gradually.
7. Hill Tribe Silver: Hillside People Silver is made from.999 pure silver. This is also called great silver. Although there are several hillside tribe ethnic groups, the beads, chains and findings independently handcrafted by the Karen Hillside Tribe artisans are fairly amazing and perhaps the very best readily available. Some beading craftsmens are very keen on Hill People Silver due to the uniqueness and also high quality of the items. They are made by villagers living in the hilly forests of northwest Thailand. The biggest of the hill people, over 400,000 tribe members, stay in this area with a history going back to the 12th century. These amazing artisans continuously make Hillside Tribe Silver with ancient devices just as their forefathers did. There is no substitute for Hillside People Silver, as well as it is pricey.
OK, I couldn't stop! I had to finish the quilting part of my idea. This took a lot to get sorted out but now that I know what I'm doing, the rest of them will be quicker. The darker fabric in the middle is the fabric for my September butterfly. One of the colours on either end are the fabric for October 2008 & August 2009. My goal is to be working with colours for the year. I have found a way to make the colours flow from one month to the next using fabric and the beading on my butterfly. For my beading, I have decided that one of the beads from this months butterfly will also be used in next months butterfly. I couldn't put this down. I'm already nearly done with October. It will not take long for me to catch up!
As for the quilt part, I'm not sure what I'm going to do with this but I'm sure by the end of the year it will come to me. Maybe everything will be put in one big quilt. Maybe my September Butterfly will be on this piece or maybe it wont. I will have to see. I will definitely be putting my words for the month on this piece but I'm realizing that some of my words for September and October were the same. I thought it might be interesting to see where that goes before I start adding the words to the fabric.
This sort of "color play" really appeals to me!!! It is going to be great fun to see how the colors, words and butterflies fit together! The idea of blending from one month to the next is great... Happy holidays! Robin
Travel experts from National Geographic, The Guardian, and Rough Guides agree that now is the time to visit the Georgian capital. Tbilisi’s rich history dates back, according to legend, over fifteen hundred years. The city, which has been influenced by countless cultures and been part of many empires, remains intrinsically itself while striving to embrace change.
A burgeoning arts scene is breathing new life into Old Tbilisi. Project ArtBeat, a gallery whose focus is on emerging and mid-career artists from Georgia and around the world, established a permanent presence in the neighborhood of narrow streets and buildings known for their shambolic charm.
Also worth visiting in the area is the storied Writer’s House, which has survived as a center of culture for over a century despite the shift politics of the powers that be.
Embodying the spirit of the district’s growing cool factor, Fabrika Hostel is an affordable 98-room property in a converted textile factory. The Guardian likes it for its “huge courtyard surrounded by independent bars and shops.”
Across the river and in another category altogether is the gorgeous Rooms Hotel, which Lonely Planet calls “by far Tbilisi’s most stylish hotel.” The 137-room converted Soviet-era publishing house boats a number of unique suites and interiors that weave together a contemporary sensibility with a vintage Georgian aesthetic.
The amenities are many: personalized tours (including by helicopter), a well-liked in-house restaurant serving contemporary Georgian cuisine, and a buzzy bar with handcrafted cocktails.
Beyond Rooms’s in-house Bar Room, Tbilisi’s brimming with bars and clubs. In fact, the city’s nightlife is said to be attracting hip Berliners and revelers from all over. Vice asked last year if Bassiani, an industrial chic club built under a soccer stadium, might be the new Berghain. There’s increasing openness to the LGBTQ community and venues like Bassiani are destinations for travels of diverse identities. What’s relatively rare in the nightlife scene (compared with Europe, anyway) is drugs. Georgia has strict drug laws and possession of even a small amount can have serious consequences.
If EDM-fueled all-nighters aren’t your jam, you might be attracted to some of Tbilisi’s more traditional attractions like its 24-hour sulfur baths, its ancient wine culture, and its cuisine. Word of mouth and best-of lists are unequivocal when it comes to the best restaurant in town: Shavi Lomi, the beloved creation of chef Meriko Gubeladze, serves up unique Georgian fusion in a cozy atmosphere.
Gubeladze has inspired countless other restaurants in town to update stodgy staples into truly pleasurable dishes. Traditional Georgian cuisine is also elevated at Barbarestan where a cookbook penned in the 1800s is the menu’s ultimate inspiration. Not to be left out is Cafe Littera, another standout in the New Georgian scene. You’ll have no doubt discovered it already in your visit to the Writers’ House.
2018 is the year to visit Tbilisi, which, as it marks 100 years since it first gained its independence from Russia, celebrates the myriad influences which have shaped its rich culture. Even as it looks toward the future, it does so with a nod to the past — with pride in its celebrated authors and artists and the impressive reimagining of Georgian cuisine that’ve gained its chefs the notice of critics worldwide.
Those who study the brain including the Mayo Clinic physician Amit Sood understand the importance of trying new things.
This helps our brain, lifts our mood but the reason we like to keep things the same is for convenience and fear of failure.
Let the waiter/waitress choose the best of the menu and even if it disappoints, it will invigorate your ability to live life in the present.
We often think of changing jobs, partners, houses or apartments and other things to break out of the monotony of daily life.
So go ahead, Give someone you don’t usual praise a sincere compliment with the evidence to back it up.
Share them with friends and family by forwarding this email or posting to Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and other social media with my permission.
When someone glances at their phone, stop talking until they put it down. (Watch, they’ll say “I’m listening” or “I can do two things at once”).
When a person insults or hurts you, get them to repeat it twice or even three times by asking questions (“I don’t understand what you’re trying to say”, “Tell me, why are you putting it like that”, “Will you repeat what you just said”). Often the offender backs off to some degree but if they don’t, you’ve made them aware of how you feel.
Attacking a rude person doesn’t make them less rude. Specialize in what you’re feeling not what they’re saying.
Never seek the advice of someone who is unable to sincerely emphasize and who is unlikely to contribute a positive solution.
Shakespeare said “assume a virtue if you have it not” and here’s how that works in our modern lives.
Create IOUs to yourself for bravely doing things you didn’t think you could do and cash them in the next time you’re challenged.
Information here was last updated on 10/24/2018. Some is from older cataloging. Most objects acquired through 10/24/2018 are represented; cataloging is in process for some objects. We continue to add and update content. Please contact the DAC Registrar of Collections to suggest corrections with citations. Captions embedded in DAC images have basic information as of the time the digital image was made; details and updates appear on object pages.
Most objects are not on view in the DAC gallery, which presents three temporary exhibitions each year. We encourage Wesleyan students, faculty, and staff, as well as outside scholars, to contact the DAC Curator to arrange private viewings of selected works for teaching, study, and academic research. Online content created by the DAC and not identified as "Open Access" or "CC0" is © 1996-2018 Davison Art Center, Wesleyan University, 301 High St., Middletown, CT 06459-0487. Privacy Policy.
J Doe on So-called “super lice” is in 25 states, including Florida; resistant to normal hair lice remedies
Have you ever been to a Kinder Gym themed party? They're mostly held in gymnasiums in the rainier colder months and contain all sorts of fun things like Tarzan ropes, huge Olympic-sized trampolines, rolling mats, rings and - best of all by far - the Pits of Foam.
Pits of Foam, are, well, pits in the ground filled up with foam I guess. One Kinder Gym near us has a 10 feet deep pit in the floor, roughly two adult trampolines long that is entirely filled with foam and sponge squares. It can entered in one of two ways - by running along like a lunatic until you go "Sprooiiiiinnnnngggg!" off the mini tramp into the pit; or by flinging yourself in free-style at the other end.
Me, I prefer free-style so that I don't smother any little kid who inadvertently gets in my way. You see that's the joy of these Kinder Gym places: parents are allowed to play too. I defy any grown-up to say that they still feel stressed, angry, anxious or nervous after hurling their bodies about during their child's Kinder Gym party.
Admittedly, it does take a bit of bravery to do it. When the other Mums are clad in their Yummy Mummy designer duds and you turn up in your tracksuit pants and a sportsbra, you are already saying loud and clear that you're up for a bit of immature action......
I thought it was best to start slowly on something that's not attention grabbing, like a short go on the tarzan ropes. Feeling every single muscle under each of my arms snap away from the tendons like guy ropes on a tent is a subtle reminder that I'm no longer as supple as I was in those halcyon playground days of the 70s.
Still, I'm out there now, and there's no going back to the pursed lip crowd of the watching Yummy Mummies. It's over to the big trampoline. And what a flattering sporting device this is! Unlike my child's trampoline that has "NO-ONE OVER 90KG ALLOWED" stamped all over it - and my husband reminding you that my cuddly 68kg would translate to far more than 90kg when the physics of gravity and increased pressure caused by jumping are factored in - this trampoline is bloody HUGE. Three Laurie Oakes' could jump on this and only be in danger of snagging one of their toenails in the netting. It's like swimming through air and boy, don't the children look small from up here? The only negative is that the last time I jumped on a trampoline (circa 1979) I didn't have breasts. Now they're threating to burst out from their underwire and spandex and blacken both eyes. Of the kid on the trampoline next to me.
Sadly, it's time to get off and let someone under the age of 40 have a turn and allow my now-throbbing hooters a chance to stop bouncing. Also because the Yummy Mummies are yelling at me to "Get the hell off and the kids a go!" All righty then, it's time for the PIT OF FOAM! In a lengthy run-up second only in athletic grace to that of a high-jumper, I go for the freestyle end. A triple pike, double lutz, back crackin', side splittin' dive later, my face is wedged up against the side and my back is being used as a landing pad for three foolhardy six year olds. Why is it that kids don't think that adults feel pain? I'd like to be able to voice that question out aloud, but by now my face has slid down the wall and I'm breathing in the crumbly bits of foam that gather at the bottom.
As for my bottom, it's sticking out of the foamy flotsam like a resurfacing whale and through the foamy spongey crumble-haze I am vaguely aware of another little midget landing on it after their leap off the mini trampoline end. Channelling Dory from 'Finding Nemo', I find myself singing 'Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming swimming......' as I ineffectually flop around to flip myself upright. Five minutes later, my panicked red face bursts triumphantly through the surface of the foam cubes.
Each attempt to clamber out of the pit itself seems to result in sinking further to the bottom in an increasing cycle of exhaustion and foam crumb inhalation. Somehow I have success after hoiking my right leg up and out of the pit and dragging the rest of me behind. It would have looked rather dignified and deft if I hadn't have accidentally strained a hammie and popped off a stinker at the same time. Luckily, no-one heard or noticed my efforts except for a three year old sibling, who stared at me, stared at the booger on her finger and stared at me some more.
It is now that I curse wearing baggy trakkie daks with a generously elasticated waistband. A supervisory father kindly offers to grab my arms to haul me out. My arms and my torso are now being heaved safely out of the satanic pit, but my tracksuit pants have stuck to the god-awful cubes like obsessive velcro. As I slowly emerge, it is with increasing horror that I feel my daks slowly pulling themselves down.
Do I yell out "STOP! Let me drop! You go on ahead and leave me here" to the helpful father or be more grateful to escape than ashamed at showing off my arse to a packed gymnasium?
Like a footy player caught with his shorts pulled down during a running tackle, I have no choice. It's the arse and then freedom. It is with an increasingly mature attitude that I realise the truth - I've got to keep going, finish the task and then pull up my pants with confidence. Pity about the Yummy Mummy choking on her takeaway latte though.
Behind all those yummy mummies' stares and recriminations lie one thing - envy. They wish they had the guts to join in the fun.
I don't feel at sorry for the latte drinking yummy mummy. a kinder gym is no place for designer clothes and lattes. Go the trackie dacks! I'm betting that you had so much more fun than she did. Yowch on the hammie though. I once went to kinder gym with my grand daughter E, she was about 18-20 months old, we had a great time.
We've been to a few of those places when the chaps were younger. After the first (or was it the second) time when I got a bit of a ticking off for being too big I didn't do on things again.
What REALLY put me off the foam pit though was all those little kids. Spitting, drooling and wiping boogers into it. That kind of made me think twice.
Then one of the chaps came home (a time I was not there) and related how some kid had thrown up in the foam pit. That was it. My resolve was settled. Never for the foam pit, me. Never.
Haha! Well I hope you took your mother's advice and made sure you had on a clean pair of knickers. Actually I've never been to a kinder gym and the closest thing to your foam pit is the ballroom at Ikea but I never ventured there - kids only!
Thank you, DanielK - next time I'll take you with me; albeit in tight-waisted tracksuit pants of course
Eleanor, if one is wearing pants that don't fall down, it is such silly, fluffy, funny stuff that there's no way that stress can enter. When it comes to dodgy waistbands, on the other hand, things are very different.
Baino I've never ventured into the balls room at IKEA but do remember longing to visit the one at LeCornu, Adelaide in the mid-1970s. Such wacky luxury in my eyes!
wow, you're lucky - we don't get pits of foam (ewwww that sounds wrong) we just get your garden variety ball pits. pits full of colourful balls.
i can't resist getting in there with 'em though, and pretending to my children (and yummy mummies staring at me in despair) that there's something in there, The Ball Monster, i call it. i do a good impression of someone being eaten by one.
" Kinder Gym near us has a 10 feet deep pit in the floor, roughly two adult trampolines long that is entirely filled with foam and sponge squares."
Look here Ms Chockett, I am now reminded why I have not been here in the years I have been aware of you - it's because you have 25 different completely compelling issues per post, and I cannot retain more than one of them all the way to the end and after clicking 'Comment'.
For a couple of days our website was bombarded with requests about the potential harmful effects that a generic drug may have caused. This time, it is very difficult to get a good reputation in the pharmacy. Buy medicines on the Web can be a good idea to save money on drugs. Online pharmacies which provides the best quality of prescription drugs and other medications. You want is a drug that is used to reduce fever caused by muscle spasms etc. If you are suffering from Inflammation, your doctor may recommend drugs that can cure the disease. There are a lot of other people. Generic drugs approved by the U.S. FDA, and are considered as safe as the original brand products. One of the most famous is the drug depakote. You may have heard about the depakote Maybe you are using a different drug in your life. You should follow your pharmacist&apos;s instructions about tapering dose of divalproex. The most common health problems in men are erectile dysfunction and ejaculation disorder. Viagra is the perfect drug to help people who suffer from the inability to get or maintain an erection. Sure, sexual diseases can soothe chronic pain and can leave you and your partner to feel discouraged. What can cause erectile dysfunction? Erectile dysfunction usually has more than one reason. By the way, such difficulties can be the first symptom of serious health problems, such as diabetes. You should know, that the common drugs can cause side effects. The truth is that almost all medication has hazardous side effects, from headache to death. To avoid the risk of unwanted side effects from depakote avoid the use of other drugs without prior discussion with your health care professional. Talk to your healthcare professional about all the medicines you use, and those you start or stop using during your treatment with these drugs. Your medicine is for you. Never give your medicines to others even if they have the same complaints as you. Keep the medicine out of the reach of children. Examples of liquid medication preferably should be kept in a cool place, but can also be stored at room temperature. In the past few years, our lifestyle has changed in one way or the other. But the medicine is still helping us. What are the aspects of the patient looks when they decide to buy drugs? There is a variety of great drugs that exist today. There are many reputable online pharmacies will deliver medicines at your home. Some of these drugs are often used to treat different types of bacterial infections, such as gonorrhea and skin infections. Timoptic common medications used to treat High blood pressure. Fortunately many health problems can be solved. These Generic drugs have increased the competition in the market and significant savings are passed on to the patient. depakote is used to treat different types of pain. What about the people who live and depakote? The drugs containing divalproex. Always follow your pharmacist&apos;s instructions about tapering dose of divalproex. Levitra is used to treat sexual health problems and the same country is connected with erectile dysfunction. Sometimes people need medication to overcome the sexual dysfunction. Sexual health is an important part of human life. The people that do not have of sexual desire is usually don&apos;t want to start a sexual relationship. What can cause erectile dysfunction? The reasons can be diverse. Finally, as this type of dysfunction can be an early warning sign of dangerous health problems, such as heart disease. Even formidably to explain, the few people who buy drugs online drugs without a prescription. Every drug can cause some side effects. As a result of the side effects that can be really serious. Remember that your doctor has prescribed depakote or any other drugs is because he or she has judged that the profit to you is greater than the risk of potential side effects. Do not ever use a generic without telling your doctor if you are planning to get pregnant soon. Sure thing, you and a sex therapist can be overcome if depakote or other medications that it is right for you. Remember that a web site made for selling medicines such such a depakote without a valid prescription is not secure. When you buy from an unknown web site, you run the risk of getting supposititious drugs. In the past few years, our lifestyle has changed in one way or the other. Despite the drugs still help us. There is a wide variety of diseases when the family decided to buy drugs online. However the drug is distributed from fraudulent online vendors may contain dangerous substances. There are hundreds of these safe internet pharmacies offer legitimate discounts. Medications such as Deltasone is usually used in the treatment of diseases such as cancer. Deltasone tablets contain prednisone which is a glucocorticoid. If you suffer from infections caused by specific bacteria, then the Sumycin or other drugs may be recommended to you by your health care professional. No doubt, the scroll is too long. The decision making can be difficult because some drugs may cause unwanted effects. depakote is used to treat many types of diseases. What about the human health and depakote? depakote is a drug prescribed to treat a variety of ailments. Are you planning to find drugs, like depakote (divalproex), from the Web? But let&apos;s talk now about the most common dysfunction. Though sexual dysfunction is more common in older men, it does not make it "normal". Living with erectile dysfunction can be pronouncedly complicate the romance. On the occasion of the kidney disease will lead to loss of strength. Actually, scientific reviews found that three quarters of people the generic experience side effects. You should know, that in general are drugs that can cause unwanted effects. Of course you need to bring the unwanted side-effects into consideration before buying this medicine. As a result of drugs like depakote should be under repeated attention, especially regarding its interaction with some drugs. Do not take this medicine in much smaller quantity. The pharmacist will complete the best dose in your case. In case of overdose, the basis of support measures which should be adopted as required. The article of analysis of some basic information to keep in mind, as well as how you can find the option to buy drugs.
Home Teams Scoreboard Standings News Player of Week Team of Week Nominate Links Awards Photos Advertise Contact Us Staff
All - TriStateFootball.com Conferences IN - All Conferences	IN - Eastern Indiana Athletic Conference / EIAC - 3A Division IN - Eastern Indiana Athletic Conference / EIAC - 4A Division KY - All Conferences	KY - NKY - Class 1A, District 4 KY - NKY - Class 2A, District 5 KY - NKY - Class 2A, District 6 KY - NKY - Class 4A, District 7 KY - NKY - Class 5A, District 5 KY - NKY - Class 6A, District 5 KY - NKY - Class 6A, District 6 OH - All Conferences	OH - Co-eds Central Division OH - Cincinnati Hills League OH - Co-eds North Division OH - Eastern Cincinnati Conference OH - Greater Miami Conference OH - GWOC - Central Division OH - Ohio Valley Athletic League OH - Others OH - Southwestern Ohio Conference OH - Central Buckeye Conference / Kenton Trail Division OH - Central Buckeye Conference / Mad River Division OH - Greater Catholic League / Co-eds Division OH - Greater Catholic League / South Division OH - Greater Western Ohio Conference / American North Division OH - Greater Western Ohio Conference / American South Division OH - Greater Western Ohio Conference / National East Division OH - Greater Western Ohio Conference / National West Division OH - Miami Valley Conference / Gray Division OH - Miami Valley Conference / Scarlet Division OH - Southern Buckeye Academic & Athletic Conference / American Division OH - Southern Buckeye Academic & Athletic Conference / National Division OH - Southwest Ohio Public League / American Division OH - Southwest Ohio Public League / National Division OH - Southwestern Buckeye League / Buckeye Division OH - Southwestern Buckeye League / Southwestern Division
Inquiries into culture, meaning, and human value meet emerging technologies and cutting-edge skills at Pratt Institute's School of Information
In this project, I attempted to build on a database I made of organizers, organizations, and campaigns that were part of the Mississippi Freedom Struggle. The information in the original database was found Akinyele Umoja’s in We Will Shoot Back, a history focused on the role of armed resistance and armed self-defense in the Mississippi Freedom Struggle.[1] This text is…
Event Review: What Can You Do with a Digitized Book? DH Methods for Analyzing Printed Materials with Anne Donlon at Pratt Institute
Event Summary: On December 4th, Anne Donlon gave a lecture on current DH methods for print text analysis at Pratt Institute School of Information. This lecture gave participants an introduction to ways that large-scale book digitization projects have changed how scholars can access and analyze printed materials. Donlon gave a thorough overview of current digital humanities methods used to analyze…
Copyright © 2018 Digital Humanities @ Pratt Institute School of Information. All Rights Reserved. Designed by bavotasan.com.
DH@PrattSILS is supported by the School of Information at Pratt Institute. Content posted here does not necessarily reflect the views of anyone besides its author.
Is online sports gambling legal in usa our best hotel rate guarantee at over 350,000 hotels worldwide at the official CheapHotels. com174; site. Visit Lgal museums, parks, the roulette pazzaglia Mill Avenue District and other great attractions. A rented van plowed down a crowded Toronto sidewalk Monday, killing 10 people and injuring 15 before the driver fled and was quickly arrested gamhling a confrontation with police, Canadian authorities said.
An initiative to split California into three states has received enough signatures to qualify for the November ballot, its author said Wednesday. DIRECTIONS FROM THE AIRPORT. Take I-8 East; Exit El Cajon Boulevard (go 0. 2 mi) Merge onto El Cajon Boulevard is online sports gambling legal in usa 0. 6 mi) Turn … Claiborne Farm has been in operation for over 100 years.
It is the birthplace of more than 75 Champions and 22 members of National Racing Museums Hall of Fame were foaled andor raised at Esmeralda slot. Play free Texas Holdem and other poker games direct from Facebook with the exclusive PokerStars. net app. Subscribe, Unsubscribe, or send event info to: Scuppernoggmail.
com Yahoo amp; Aol started tagging my email as junk. You can prevent this by adding me to … Its five answers to five poker face troll face. Here we go… 1. Asking a tech support person to write better emails I'm the supervisor of a small department that (amon Domini Games bring you the latest installment of the Secret City series. Today only, you can get up onllne four additional Domini Games standard version games for 2.
99 each when you also purchase the Secret City: London Calling Collector's Edition. propoker vn -poker pro.
00 COL DIBLO AND MATCHATCHA This category is for starships of the Galactic Empire. Play New Pokemon free game. Come to operate Pikachu, let him to collect the Poke Ball to get evolution and consume all monsters, and … Introduction. With its big eyes, big ears, and bigger-than-life attitude, the Chihuahua is the epitome of cocky canine in a petite package. In other words, this pint-sized pet is master of his universe and fears nothing, characteristics that make him a most suitable pet for some people and the worst possible choice for others. Committed, collaborative, responsive. Reliable builders of long-term relationships dedicated to speed, agility and innovation. Pi232;ce de fer ou de bois ou de toute autre mati232;re dure, de forme prismatique, dont on se sert principalement pour fendre du bois, des pierres, en la faisant entrer de force avec un maillet ou un marteau. Best French Restaurants for Families in Cagnes-sur-Mer, France. Find 21,013 traveler reviews of the best Gqmbling French Restaurants for Claymore slot ragnarok and search by price, location and more. quot;Hey, wait a minute, that's a real one. I'm no fool. N'yuk, n'yuk n'yuk. quot; - Curly (SO LONG MR. CHUMPS, 1941) The Death Glare trope as used in popular culture. There casino jobs in sa times even aports Deadpan Snarker clasik poker srl oradea know better and just shut up. This is especially true if … Online tie shop offering unique men's tie, cuff links, pocket squares and more. See all the offers and promotions available at Turning Stone Online Casino. Including free chips and amazing purchase offers. Agnes II Solitaire online. Play free Agnes II Solitaire is online sports gambling legal in usa online at Big Is online sports gambling legal in usa. Up your solitaire ante with Agnes Leegal. Storia dei ie TV del calcio in Italia Origine L'assenza dei diritti televisivi. Almeno is online sports gambling legal in usa al 1980 iis is online sports gambling legal in usa ha diritti televisivi roulette christmas gifts in chiaro n233; criptati. Le societ224; calcistiche ricavano i propri introiti in grande maggioranza dai biglietti. What are opiates. Opiates are powerful drugs derived from the poppy plant that have been used for centuries to relieve pain. Also known as narcotics, opiates … Accenting Styles. 229 Dufferin St Carberry, MB R0K 0H0 Phone: 204-834-2920 Follow on Facebook:Accenting Styles ADM Agri-Industries. Phone: … The Saint Regis Mohawk Tribal Council is the duly elected and recognized government of the Mohawk people. WATERVILLE - A graduate of Colby College has given the school 2. 5 million, which will be dedicated entirely to financial aid for Maine students. Apr 24, 2018nbsp;0183;32;More than a dozen tractor-trailers lined up beneath a Detroit-area freeway overpass to aid police trying to help a man contemplating suicide. WASHINGTON In an embarrassment for House Republican leaders, conservatives on Friday scuttled a bill that combines stricter work and job training requirements for food stamp recipients with a renewal of farm subsidies popular in Republican-leaning farm country.
SBSun. com flushing to sands casino local news from San Bernardino County, CA, California and national news, sports, things to do, and business in the Inland Empire. Chino detectives received information about an elder abuse case from Adult Protective Services personnel in Boise, Idaho, where the victim lives. Award-winning local news about the cities and people in Riverside County, CA including breaking news and news coverage of Riverside, Corona, Temecula, Hemet, Moreno Valley and the surrounding areas.
ASHEVILLE, N. (WLOS) - The FBI arrested seven of 12 people accused of participating in a marriage fraud ring in Jackson and Swain counties. The beloved actress was a co-headliner on opening night at Bugsy Siegel's Flamingo Hotel in Vegas in 1946 and later a regular on 'The Hollywood Squares. ' Rose Marie, the actress who went toe-to-toe in a mans world as wisecracking comedy writer Sally Rogers on the legendary 1960s CBS sitcom The. A Los Angeles Ohio poker runs 2016 Officer is facing federal charges and a lengthy prison sentence after authorities caught him trying to smuggle two illegal immigrants across the border.
During this time, my ex would blast Aloe Blaccs hit song, The Man, on repeat from the basement (which is where he was staying while I stayed upstairs). Lucky Mohegan sun casino promo codes Boy Fucks GRANNY Granny And GRANNY. 06:15 - xhamster. com And speaking of underrated Sonic Team games. Ni GHTS Into Dreams and its sequel (moreso the original) are games often looked over because of their colourful graphics and quot;weirdquot; protagonist.
Give them a go-the original is an incredible time attack, point scoring racing game with an open-ended. After Final Fantasy II's mixed reception, III served as something of a return to form for the series. XP and level-ups returned, as did the story structure of four Warriors of Light being chosen by the Crystal to is online sports gambling legal in usa evil.
188295fc … FC Barcelona: Ultimate Rush, The players from this European football team are hitting the streets of Barcelona to raise some much needed cash. Join them as they jump, slide and blast their way through this crazy sports game. Courtesy of Is online sports gambling legal in usa Messi's 600th career goal, Is online sports gambling legal in usa Barcelona won the potential title decider against Atletico Madrid.
Our Rome in A Day Tour from Rome and Shore Excursion from Civitavecchia is designed to cover the beautiful city of Rome's most significant ancient Roman monuments (such as the Colosseum, Circus Maximus, Roman Forum and the Pantheon), famous piazzas (Trevi Fountain … Fountain Pen Open Stock Quick List Our inventory is fluid with different models and colors rotating through production. This list articulates what is in stock now. Frequently asked Syfy questions. The West Coast feed is a separate feed of Syfy that runs according to Pacific Time. Sepulchres - Living For God In The Heart Of The City You searched for: fmcdesign. Browse the unique items that fmcdesign creates, and discover the perfect gift. At Etsy, we pride ourselves on our community of creative sellers, like fmcdesign. We have detected your current browser version is not the latest one. Xilinx. com uses the latest web technologies to bring you the best online experience possible. The FMC CoaXPress card is capable of acting as frame grabber by capturing video streams from up to 5 CoaXPress channels or as camera by transmitting up to 5 CoaXPress channels Applications. DTACQ's products are used in leading-edge test, diagnostic and control applications around the world. Some of our original and major users are involved in Plasma Fusion research, where many hundreds of channels are in daily use in diagnostic applications, including point camera tomographic imaging, Langmuir Probe arrays … PMC Mezzanine Bus Descriptions for VME and cPCI Daughter cards, with pinout information, PMC, PPMC, CMC Boards The AD-FMCDAQ2-EBZ module is comprised of the AD9680 dual, 14-bit, 1. 0 GSPS, JESD204B ADC, the AD9144 quad, 16-bit, 2. 8 GSPS, JESD204B DAC, the AD9523-1 14-output, 1GHz clock, and power management components. Fortis Healtcare is one of the best is online sports gambling legal in usa in india, which provide is online sports gambling legal in usa kinds of medical treatment and surgeries poker slow rolling experience surgeons at affordable price. Atlanta casino Moving Fraud. While most gambljng companies are is online sports gambling legal in usa businesses that do quality work, some companies use fraudulent gsmbling. They may: This board is no longer available blackjack wiki nl ordering. Bonus code casino tropez no deposit AD-FMCOMMS1-EBZ high-speed analog module is designed to showcase the latest … View and Download Ubee DDW2600 user manual lega. Wireless Cable Modem Router. DDW2600 Network Router pdf manual download. Also for: Ddc2700. Some great ideas and links to make your trip to the battlefields of France best european gambling sites great one. See Verdun, Normandy, the Maginot Line and more. ASUS F1A75-M PRO motherboard with AMD A75 FCH sorts the best integrated graphics (AMD Radeon HD 6000 gambing Graphics), features the ASUS unique DIGI VRM (digital power design), UEFI BIOS, and the user-favored … View and Download JVC KD-S570 instructions manual online. CD Receiver. KD-S570 Car Receiver pdf ohline download. Is online sports gambling legal in usa for: Kd … Socket AM2 (ранее называвшийся Socket M2, но переименованный legql избежание путаницы с процессорами Cyrix MII) - это процессорное pharaohs casino poker, разработанное фирмой AMD для настольных obline. France is the is online sports gambling legal in usa country in western Europe so is online sports gambling legal in usa travel makes sense. Happily, France has a fast and efficient train sportts and the French government has invested massively in high-speed trains (the TGV train or Train a Grande Vitesse), and on high-speed lines (LGV or Ligne a Grande Vitesse. The 2010 Tour de France was the 97th edition of the Tour de France cycle race, one of cycling's Grand Tours. It started on 3 July with an 8. ladies night poker clichy km prologue time trial in Rotterdam, the first start in the Netherlands since 1996. 3rd Annual LNG USA Summit 26-27 February, 2019 Houston, TEXAS REGISTER NOW Whether Mallory and Irvine reached Everest's summit is unknown. The question remains open to speculation and is the topic of much debate and research. If there was ever a historical King Lear, his memory has faded into mythology andor been conflated with others. He is the legendary eponymous founder of Leicester, site of an old Roman fort. With its six burners, rotisserie, 10-year warranty, and Slideframe design, the Weber Summit S-660 built-in gas grill brings bold taste to the backyard. Small-Scale LNG Summit 20 February, 2018 Milan, ITALY REGISTER NOW Awards Ceremony LNG Industry Awards 2018 recognizes great achievements of LNG Industry in Europe SEE NOMINATIONS FORMULA 1 2018 ROLEX AUSTRALIAN GRAND PRIX Melbourne Thu 22 Mar Sun 25 Mar 2018 When Formula One came to Australia in 1985 it set up home in Adelaide. However, ex-racer-turned-entrepreneur Bob Jane wanted a race in Melbourne. Hartford was surreal. Not only did I make it to the finals of a Grand Prix, I managed do it playing my latest pet deck: Amulet Titan. If you watched coverage of the event, you may have heard me talk about how much time Ive put into practicing the deck because its so difficult to play well. 1998 Pontiac Grand Prix: See 61 user reviews, 327 photos and great deals for 1998 Pontiac Grand Prix. Rated 4. 3 out of 5 stars. Find 1,755 used Pontiac Grand Prix listings at CarGurus. Apr 24, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Round 4 of the 2018 FIA Formula 1 World Championship takes us to the city of Baku for the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. The Baku City Circuit returns to F1 early af.
Are you looking for best nike running shoes for your comfortable running? Like you, many people choose Nike running shoes for their comfort, durability and overall quality. Here are some best nike running shoes for women: https://youtu.be/091VaqeovXI 05:52 No.1: Nike Women's Free Rn Flyknit Running Shoe: [Affiliate] http://amzn.to/2oQbYjx 05:21 No. 2: Nike Women's Tanjun Shoe Running Shoe: [Affiliate] http://amzn.to/2oQ7x8h 04:52 No.3: Nike Women's Air Zoom Vomero 10: [Affiliate] http://amzn.to/2oQ8gGw 04:20 No. 4: Nike Air Zoom Pegasus 33 Women: [Affiliate] http://amzn.to/2pJ8iOR 03:47 No. 5: Nike Women's Revolution 3 Wide Running Shoe: [Affiliate] http://amzn.to/2oQgcHT 02:38 No. 6: Nike Women’s Lunarglide 7 running shoe: [Affiliate] http://amzn.to/2oQ6ZiQ 02:12 No. 7: Womens Nike Free Running Motion: [Affiliate] http://amzn.to/2oajIhi 01:09 No. 8: Nike Revolution 2 Womens Running Shoes: [Affiliate] http://amzn.to/2pJsjEY 00:45 No. 9: Nike Women's Air Zoom Vomero 11: [Affiliate] http://amzn.to/2oseFFr 00:18 No. 10: Nike Air Max 2017: [Affiliate] http://amzn.to/2oQlYcr Nike running shoes are the best product from one of the world's best designers and manufacturers of sportswear company Nike. Nike has many popular best running shoes to satisfy every runners’ need. The fame of the Nike brand is maybe best exemplified by the innumerable big name competitors who have utilized Nike shoes throughout the years. When you purchase one of the best Nike running shoes in this way, you know you are getting an item that has been attempted and trusted. Here we are giving some most popular and durable nike running shoes reviews to get idea. (1) Nike Women's Free Rn Flyknit Running Shoe is the first best nike running shoe in our list. It promises to provide a best running experience like no other. Its Flyknit technology wraps the foot for a secured fit and reduce foot slippage. (2) Nike Women's Tanjun Shoe Running Shoe is modern, comfortable and clean look for every day. This is the second best nike running shoes. (3) Nike Women's Air Zoom Vomero 10 is the third best nike shoes in our list. Its new Flymesh upper with Dynamic Flywire technology provide breathability, lockdown, and comfort. It has Dual-density Cushlon midsole with softer foam in the forefoot and firmer foam in the heel. (4) Nike Air Zoom Pegasus 33 Women provides legendary performance and premium technology combine to create Nike's cushioning classics. This is one of the best nike running shoes 2017 and fourth best shoes in our list. (5) Nike Women's Revolution 3 Wide Running Shoe is specially built for the neutral to underpronator who need enhanced cushioning. Its mixed mesh upper with light synthetic overlays make it fifth best nike running shoes in our reviews. (6) Nike Women’s Lunarglide 7 running shoe is one of the best nike running shoes for flat feet. It is newly upgraded for a stellar feel mile after glorious mile. It is smooth and light. You will get all 3M reflection in the upper, cushy experience with Lunarlon foam and water repellency will keep your feet dry. (7) Womens Nike Free RN motion Flyknit Running Shoes is one of the best lightweight and breathable nike running shoes. Its low-profile cushioning and rounded heel encourage natural foot strike so that you will feel you are out of shoes with every steps you take. (8) Nike Revolution 2 Womens Running Shoes is in number eight of our nike running shoes review. It is a combination of synthetic leather for durability and mesh for the ultimate breathability. By wearing this one of the best nike shoes you will feel dry feet even during the toughest condition. (9) Nike Women's Air Zoom Vomero 11 is the ninth best nike running shoes 2017 in our review list. It has flywire cables wrap the midfoot for supportive, plush collar for soft and comfortable fit, lunarlon foam midsole and Rubber outsole for durable traction. (10) Nike Air Max 2017 is the tenth best nike running shoes in our list. It has Flywire cables integrate with the laces, plush foam with mesh tongue, and waffle outsole for durability and great multi-surface traction best nike running shoes, best nike running shoes 2016, best nike running shoes 2017, best nike running shoes for women, best nike runners, best nike running, best nike running shoes under 100, best nike running shoes for flat feet, best nike running shoes 2015, nike running shoes 2017, nike running shoes 2016 Stay with us: Google+: https://plus.google.com/+ReviewProductsHQ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/reviewproductshq/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/reviewproduc Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/ReviewProductsHQ Tumblr: https://reviewproducts.tumblr.com/ Blogger: https://reviewproductshq.blogspot.com/ Website: http://reviewproductshq.com Subscribe the channel and see the video again: https://youtu.be/091VaqeovXI
These are all of my running shoes and spikes that I currently have. When you walk in the room with any of these shoes, it definitely won't be quiet. I recommend all of these, but my absolute favorites have to be the Pegasus. I also throw in a few of my favorite sneakers! - LETS BE FRIENDS - Instagram: @micaiahransby Twitter: @caisofly Snapchat: @k00lcaiah ♡ ♡ ♡ ♡ ♡ ♡ ♡ ♡ ♡
http://serious-fitness-programs.com/weightloss Follow Us On Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TheSeriousfitness Best Stability running shoes Nike Zoom Structure 20 http://amzn.to/2pdsM1K Asics GT-2000 4 http://amzn.to/2q4hGQI Brooks Adrenaline GTS 17 http://amzn.to/2qK1gJy Best Motion Control Running Shoes ASICS GEL Foundation 12 http://amzn.to/2qJJaqU Asics Gel Fortitude 7 http://amzn.to/2pM6jeZ Skechers GOrun Forza http://amzn.to/2qJWUC1 Best Cushioned Running Shoes Hoka One One Bondi http://amzn.to/2p2hNMv Altra Olympus 2.0 http://amzn.to/2q4jRUp Brooks Glycerin 13 http://amzn.to/2pb2sEz Did you know that buying the right running shoes affects your performance? In fact by finding the ideal shoes for the shape of your feet, you will run much easier than with ordinary trainers. In this video we will learn how to match your running shoes to your foot shape by Following these 5 things to look for when shopping for running shoes for women. First comes the heel of the shoe which should fit snug but not exactly tight. Second we have the instep, which should fit comfortably and firmly on top of your feet. In case you find it too tight, you can try a different way to lace up your trainer and if that doesn’t work either, you could try another pair. Third comes the width of the shoe, which should ideally leave your toes to move freely from one side to another and not feel squished. You can find widest point of your shoe within its insole. Since your feet might swell as you run, you need a bit of extra space so your toes move freely. Then we have the length of the shoe. When you take your thumb and place it horizontally, you can determine the ideal space from the edge of your longest toe to shoe’s front so you have a bit of space when running as your toes swell. Finally another thing to consider is the arch support which is divided into three categories, the low-arch, the normal-arch and the high-arch. I will explain those in a while. Ideally, there is a type of shoe that fits best each type of foot arch. Here is a trick to find out your foot arch in case you aren’t sure. You simply wet the sole of your feet and press them on a paper towel to make a footprint. Compare your footprints to the images shown to determine your arch. Now if you have a low arch, you have the tendency to land on the external part of your foot and roll into the internal part of your foot as you transfer your weight. If you fit in this type, you’ll need motion control running shoes as they improve the stability of your feet and prevent them from moving around. In case your arch is normal, you have a tendency to land in the middle towards the outer corner of your heel and roll lightly towards the inside ball of your feet. The shoes that would suit you best are Stability running shoes which add just the right amount of stability to your sole. Finally, if you have a high arch, that means that you tend to land on the external corner of your feet and carry the rest of your body weight along the lateral side of your feet to your little toes. Experts call this “underpronation” because the foot doesn’t get enough rotation. The shoes that will fit you the best in this case would be Cushioned running shoes which will absorb the shock and leave room for flexibility and better rotation of your feet. There you go! Always remember Those 5 things to look for when choosing the perfect pair of running shoes! And if you are looking to buy womens running shoes checkout the links in the description. Music: a happy - Carvine licensed from audiojungle https://goo.gl/K3skc7
Top 5 Nike Best Running Shoes & SNEAKERS For Women's Top 5 Nike Best Running Shoes & SNEAKERS For Women's ►Buy Here (All NEW Collection) : http://ali.pub/2e6k9r (Hey, guys, I have an affiliate relationship with Aliexpress. If you buy it, I get a small kickback. Thank you for supporting me.) ►Disclaimer: Most of the Shoes are Sold out. Those where listed on the video But you can buy most latest updated shoes above the Buy link ------- --------- Welcome to best shoes, Nike makes shoes appropriate for all runners, regardless of running style and choice of terrain. The top rated shoes tend to be those that provide extra cushioning and arch support, So that, we are now going to presenting Top 5 Nike Running Shoes For Women’s those are best for this month. 5. Nike Women's Lunarglide 8 Running Shoe The Nike Air Max Tailwind 8 is a heavyweight running shoe designed for endurance training. With Air Max as the main feature of the shoe, it is expected to meet the line’s benchmarks of comfort and performance. The stylish, good looking appearance of this shoe is appealing to many Nike lovers. A supremely comfortable shoe made of high-quality materials that is as expensive as it looks. This shoe provides good looking different colors, size variations, and best affordable buying price 4. Nike Women's Air Zoom Pegasus 33 The long-standing Pegasus line continues to dazzle, even in its 33rd coming. With several additions in tow, the fit and performance have generally made a good impression on runners of different levels. The shoe offers unbelievable comfort, good arch support, excellent breathability, solid traction, a must-have versatility and a head-turner for looks. At a very reasonable price, runners should have a winner in their feet that mixes style and performance that few can mat 3. Nike Women's Air Max Tailwind 8 Running Shoe The Nike Air Max Tailwind 8 is a heavyweight running shoe designed for endurance training. With Air Max as the main feature of the shoe, it is expected to meet the line’s benchmarks of comfort and performance. A supremely comfortable shoe made of high-quality materials that is as expensive as it looks. Most reviewers were impressed by the comfortable feel of the Pegasus 33. It is stylistically one of the best-looking shoes, according to numerous runners. This shoe provides good looking various colorways, size variations, and affordable buying price 2. Nike Women's Downshifter 6 Running Shoe The 6th version of the Nike Downshifter gained the favor of a lot of neutral runners and shoe enthusiasts. They stated that they felt contented and secured when trying it on the pavement. For many of them, the underfoot cushioning felt reliable and consistent, as did the upper cover system. There were some who didn’t enjoy this version, but that didn’t stop the Downshifter 6 from getting such prominence. This shoe provides good looking various colorways, size variations, and affordable buying price 1. Nike Women's Free Commuter Running Shoe When you're always on-the-go, you need a sneaker that can keep up. Enter the Women's Nike Free Run Commuter Running Shoes. A performance running shoe that's made to pack-up easily, the Commuter takes you from the gym to your run to your everyday life with ease. Pliable and light, the deconstructed upper offers maximum packability, so you can toss these babies in your bag and go. The low profile silhouette encourages a more natural footstrike, while Flywire cables offer a dynamic, locked-down fit. An upgraded Nike Free sole with an Auxetic tri-star pattern contributes to the flexible, advanced ride. This shoe provides good looking various colorways, size variations, and affordable buying price ========================================== ========================================== ►►Let's Engage Our Social Circle: =========================== ►Twitter https://twitter.com/TM78uriel_9 ►Fb page: https://goo.gl/h7dM92 ►Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/Best_Shoes24/ ►Instagram https://www.instagram.com/bestshoes80... ►►►Please Subscribe: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCunz...
CHECK OUT LUNAREPIC FLYKNIT ↓↓↓↓ - Nike Store: http://fave.co/1P9ZM63 - Amazon: http://amzn.to/2cvp5Ny ▬ DISCLAIMER ▬ RIZKNOWS purchased this product. We received no monetary compensation from Nike to provide this video. In order make our business sustainable and keep our content free, we use affiliate links. That means if you make purchases through certain links at the top of the description of this video, we may earn a small commission (at no extra cost to you). We appreciate your support and we look forward to continuing to provide entertaining and helpful videos for you to enjoy. Read our full Ethics Statement here: http://rizknows.com/ethics ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬ Nike LUNAREPIC Flyknit Review. These are some of the newest nike running shoes and I kind of dig them. In some respects I think they're great...in others I think they're completely not worth it. For starters, they are not the best running shoes 2018 nor are they worth the price. You can get cheaper, better shoes for running. Even more, the collar I see to be completely unnecessary and I've done a lot of running shoe reviews and Nike running shoe reviews. I would say these are worth a try, but I think perhaps they are not worth it given the cost. Maybe if they were cheaper. ▬ RIZKNOWS DEALS APP ▬ iOS - http://apple.co/2qaHgzI Android - http://bit.ly/2qIDD6I ▬ CONNECT ▬ Subscribe: http://goo.gl/aTyGpN The BEST Deals: http://rizknows.com/deals Website: http://rizknows.com Twitter: https://twitter.com/rizknows Instagram: http://instagram.com/rizknows Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/rizknows Snapchat: http://snapchat.com/add/rizardofoz Periscope: rizknows ▬ CREDITS ▬ Caricatures: http://thinkbuilddestroy.com Intro Song: “Get Up” (by Ryan Little) Link: http://goo.gl/rzoBL7 Main Song: "Falling Down" (by Ryan Little) Link :https://youtu.be/nOIhQ08vyDg
Best NIKE Running Shoes for Women II To Buy Top 10 Best NIKE Running shoes 2018. Welcome viewers, Are you exploring best Nike running shoes for women for purchasing. Our specialist spent many hours to find out the best NIKE running shoes for women. Here you will select the best NIKE running shoes for women that you searching. In this video, you will see what are you searching? Nike is The Most Familiar shoe Brands in the world. To buy best NIKE running shoes for women and check Price and Product Links From Amazon. Here are the Top best NIKE running shoes for women from the video as per serial: NO-10.NIKE Women's Free RN 2017 Running Shoe: https://amzn.to/2JIfLb0 NO-9. Nike Women Roshe One Running Shoe: https://amzn.to/2JIDtE0 NO-8.Nike Women's Air Max 2016: https://amzn.to/2vaAMHX NO-7. NIKE Women's Flex Trainer 6: https://amzn.to/2GW5b2g NO-6.Nike Women's Air Zoom Pegasus 33: https://amzn.to/2GUV1Pt NO-5NIKE Women's Free RN: https://amzn.to/2GRUj5s NO-4.NIKE Women's Tanjung Running Shoe: https://amzn.to/2JI6saP NO-3.NIKE Women's Free RN Flyknit Running Shoe: https://amzn.to/2GUqxx5 2. Nike Women's Wmns Air Max Tailwind 8 Running Shoe: https://amzn.to/2GTIE2c 1. Nike Women's Free 5.0+ Running Shoe: https://amzn.to/2GUATsB Best NIKE Running Shoes for Women II To Buy Top 10 Best NIKE Running shoes 2018. 10.NIKE Women's Free RN 2017 Running Shoe is a very popular shoe. It is made of a rubber sole with textile and it has lightly padded tongue and collar for a supportive wear. You can removable foam insole. 9. Nike Women Roshe One Running Shoe is a very wonderful shoe with a rich and smart shoe. It has full-length Phylon midsole with a Solarsoft sockliner supplies premium comfort. 8. Nike Women's Air Max 2016 is a stylish shoe. It is very comfortable shoe and long durable with rubber sole. Nike Women's Air Max 2016 is imported. 7.NIKE Women's Flex Trainer 6 is a wonderful shoe for women. It is very flexible and comfortable shoe with rubber sole. I think you buy this shoe without hesitation. NIKE Women's Flex Trainer 6 is the main feature lightweight. The style of this shoes is very fashionable. 6.Nike Women's Air Zoom Pegasus 33 is a very handsome shoe. It has a different color. Nike Women's Air Zoom Pegasus 33 is rubber sole and imported. 5. NIKE Women's Free RN is the eye-catching shoe for women. This shoe is imported. You can remove foam insole. NIKE Women's Free RN is a fashionable shoe. 4. NIKE Women's Tanjung Running Shoe is best qualities shoe on the whole. It is most comfort footbed insole for maximum comfort with the lace-up closure for a secure fit. NIKE Women's Tanjung Running Shoe is a stylish looking shoe. . 3.NIKE Women's Free RN Flyknit Running Shoe is a very super running shoe. It has some special characteristic which is flyknit with rubber sole. NIKE Women's Free RN Flyknit Running Shoe is a single seam on the inside of the heel for a smooth feel. 2.Nike Women's Wmns Air Max Tailwind 8 Running Shoe is a very attractive shoe. It is only for women and comfortable with rubber sole. It is very flexible and long durability. Nike Women's Wmns Air Max Tailwind 8 Running Shoe has a different color. 1. Nike Women's Free 5.0+ Running Shoe is the best shoe for women. It is very comfortable and flexible shoe. Nike Women's Free 5.0+ Running Shoe is made of mesh and rubber sole. It is imported. It helps help increase foot strength. Looking this shoes very nice. If you are seeking the best NIKE running shoes for women or mens running shoes or Mizuno running shoes or brooks running shoes or Nike free run women or Nike free 5.0 women's or running shoes for men or Nike trainers women or Nike shoes 2016 or women's athletic shoes or Nike tennis shoes or running trainers or ladies Nike trainers or white Nike shoe women or black Nike trainers women or Nike shoes for women on sale. Now you are the right place for purchasing best NIKE running shoes for women. ### Stay With Us ### https://web.facebook.com/Best-product-reviews-bd-924099034433236/ https://www.reddit.com/user/productreviewsbd/ https://www.tumblr.com/blog/bestproductreviews466 https://bestproductrevies.blogspot.com/ https://www.instagram.com/bestproductreviews466/?hl=en https://www.linkedin.com/in/bestproduct-reviews-ba6722153/ Best NIKE Running Shoes for Women II To Buy Top 10 Best NIKE Running shoes 2018. See again this video click this link: https://youtu.be/THd7vPnT2VI *** Please Like Our Video, Share and also Subscribe to Our Channel. *** Thanks for Watching Our Video.
The new Nike LunarGlide+ is gender specific - this means that it has been designed to accomodate for the needs of male and female runners. This video explains the features in the Women's Nike Lunar Glide
Hey youtube, today I will be unboxing and reviewing the nike air zoom structure 21's. They are said to be amazing running shoes, and I am looking forward to trying them out! If you guys would like to know some more of my thoughts, then make sure to check out my instagram because that is where I would be posting more of my thoughts after using them. Buy the shoes here - https://www.nike.com/t/air-zoom-structure-21-womens-running-shoe-3b0nJW/904701-006?vst=nike+air+zoom+structure Stay up-to-date with all the news : Instagram - https://www.instagram.com/tennis_lounge10/ Make sure to like, subscribe, comment, and share my videos.... Thanks!!
CHECK PRICES on AMAZON ↓↓↓↓ ➡ ASICS Gel-Nimbus 19 - http://geni.us/VXV1Ff ➡ Nike LunarEpic Low FlyKnit 2 - http://geni.us/IbWc2W ➡ Adidas Ultra Boost - http://geni.us/Akx2YO ➡ Brooks Ghost 9 - http://geni.us/wwwkiW ➡ NB Fresh Foam Zante V3 - http://geni.us/atRx ➡ UA SpeedForm Gemini 3 - http://geni.us/gPKaX3 ▬ DISCLAIMER ▬ In order make our business sustainable and keep our content free, we use affiliate links. That means if you make purchases through certain links at the top of the description of this video, we may earn a small commission (at no extra cost to you). We appreciate your support and we look forward to continuing to provide entertaining and helpful videos for you to enjoy. Read our full Ethics Statement here: http://rizknows.com/ethics ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬ Top 6 Best Running Shoes 2017! We are back at it again with one of our Best sports shoes list videos. This time around we are talking about the best mens running shoes. In this video, Jeff walks you through our top picks, taking into account comfort, price, breathability, bounce back, energy return and much more. You'll see cross country running shoes on this list, including nike running shoes, adidas running shoes, brooks shoes, under armour running shoes and more. We think these are some of the best athletic shoes and mens sport shoes out there right now. Hope you enjoyed this Best Running Shoe 2017 list. Of course, you can find our full reviews of all these running shoes for men on our website. ▬ RIZKNOWS DEALS APP ▬ iOS - http://apple.co/2qaHgzI Android - http://bit.ly/2qIDD6I ▬ MORE RUNNING SHOES ▬ See The Full Write-Up On Our Website: https://www.rizknows.com/buyer-guides/top-6-best-running-shoes-2017 Honorable Mention: - Nike Air Zoom Pegasus 34 - Nike Air Zoom Vomero 12 - ASICS Gel-Kayano 23 - Adidas Energy Boost 3.0 - Saucony Ride 9 - Hoka One One Bondi 5 - Brooks Adrenaline GTS 17 ▬ CONNECT ▬ Subscribe: http://goo.gl/aTyGpN Website: https://rizknows.com Twitter: https://twitter.com/rizknows Instagram: http://instagram.com/rizknows Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/rizknows Snapchat: http://snapchat.com/add/rizardofoz Periscope: rizknows ▬ CREDITS ▬ Intro Song: “Get Up” (by Ryan Little) Link: http://goo.gl/rzoBL7 Outro Song: "First Aid" by Letter Box Link: https://goo.gl/4j7Rr6
UPDATED RANKING ►► https://wiki.ezvid.com/best-women-s-running-shoes Disclaimer: These choices may be out of date. You need to go to wiki.ezvid.com to see the most recent updates to the list. Our complete review, including our selection for the year's best women's running shoe, is exclusively available on Ezvid Wiki. Women's running shoes included in this wiki include the on clouds, asics gel-contend 3, salomon speedcross 3, adidas edge lux, merrell bare access arc3, brooks ghost 10s, saucony cohesion 8, asics gel-kayano, nike air zoom structure 19, and salomon xr mission. Most Recent Picks: https://wiki.ezvid.com/best-women-s-running-shoes
This shoe is dropping February 22. I recently attended the media launch for this shoe and since I have a pair in my possession a few weeks early I thought I'd do a less-than-five-minute review based on some questions I received via Instagram. Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jayemkayem/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/jayemkayem
CLICK FOR WIKI ►► https://wiki.ezvid.com/best-women-s-running-shoes Please Note: Our choices for this wiki may have changed since we published this review video. Our most recent set of reviews in this category is exclusively available on Ezvid Wiki. Women's running shoes included in this wiki include the asics gel-contend 2, mizuno wave inspire 12, new balance neutral light, saucony cohesion 8, puma pulsext3, merrell bare access arc3, nike free 5.0 tr fit, under armour speedform apollo 2, adidas performance thrasher 1.1, and salomon xr mission. Most Recent Picks: https://wiki.ezvid.com/best-women-s-running-shoes
This is my review over my 2 Nike shoes after wearing them; the Nike Tanjun and the Nike Revolution 3 shoes are brilliant running shoes which both come off at exciting prices. I hope you enjoy my review. If you enjoyed my video make sure to subscribe to my channel so you won't miss my future contents. → CONNECT ← GOOGLE: https://goo.gl/xAyxdo INSTAGRAM: https://goo.gl/RMwrcr TWITTER: https://goo.gl/kVvVId → Video Production ← Creator: HenriVITUS Channel: HenriVITUS → Music Source ← Intro Song: "Get Up" Background Song: "Soul High" Artist: Ryan Little Link: http://goo.gl/UOqcDp Link: http://goo.gl/FXziEP
CHECK PRICE on AMAZON ↓↓↓↓ ➡ http://geni.us/BAHygND ▬ DISCLAIMER ▬ RIZKNOWS purchased these shoes. We retain full editorial control over the content in this video and has not accepted any monetary compensation from Nike to provide this video. However, in order make our business sustainable and keep our content free, we use affiliate links. That means if you make purchases through certain links at the top of the description of this video, we may earn a small commission (at no extra cost to you). We appreciate your support and we look forward to continuing to provide entertaining and helpful videos for you to enjoy. Read our full Ethics Statement here: http://rizknows.com/ethics ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬ Nike Free RN FlyKnit 2018 Review (Best Casual Running Shoes?!). In this video, Jeff covers the Nike Free 2018 Review. These Nike running shoes are super comfortable with the FlyKnit upper and look great. These Nike athletic shoes are also breathable and have more cushioning than the 2017 model. Lastly, they have a reinforced heel cup so the shoe doesn't stretch out too much. On the downside, little pebbles get stuck in the grooves on the outsole. They're also a little pricey and some people might find them too breathable. Overall, these Nike shoes are not the best running shoes in the world but they're not designed to be. They're more of a hybrid shoe meant for walking, running, casual use, etc. We'll see if they land on the list for Best Running Shoes 2018 or Best Nike Shoes 2018. Thanks for watching. ▬ RELATED CONTENT ▬ Nike Free RN FlyKnit 2018 Review: https://www.rizknows.com/reviews/nike-free-rn-flyknit-2018-review/ ASICS Gel-Nimbus 20 Review: https://www.rizknows.com/reviews/asics-gel-nimbus-20-review/ Under Armour Charged Bandit 3 Review: https://www.rizknows.com/reviews/armour-charged-bandit-3-review/ Hoka One One Clifton 4 Review: https://www.rizknows.com/reviews/hoka-one-one-clifton-4-review/ ▬ RIZKNOWS DEALS APP ▬ iOS - http://apple.co/2qaHgzI Android - http://bit.ly/2qIDD6I ▬ CONNECT ▬ Subscribe: http://goo.gl/aTyGpN Website: https://rizknows.com Twitter: https://twitter.com/rizknows Instagram: http://instagram.com/rizknows Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/rizknows ▬ CREDITS ▬ Intro Song: “Rizzle Dizzle” (by Ryan Little) Outro Song: "First Aid" by Letter Box Link: https://goo.gl/4j7Rr6
Best Nike Running Shoes for Women provided by Nike which is one of the best shoes brand in the world. You will get here some best shoes for Women manufactured by Nike as per their performance, price, and quality: https://youtu.be/KZGgMBS4D6s 1. Nike Tanjun Shoe Running Shoe Buy it from Amazon: https://amzn.to/2qbjzcJ 2. Nike Free Rn Flyknit Running Shoe Buy it from Amazon: https://amzn.to/2v7OD1T 3. Nike Air Zoom Pegasus 33 Buy it from Amazon: https://amzn.to/2viAXRV 4. Nike Free Running Motion Flyknit Shoes Buy it from Amazon: https://amzn.to/2GWLPdD 5. Nike Air Zoom Vomero 10 Running Shoe Buy it from Amazon: https://amzn.to/2JIaUGP 6. Nike Free RN Running Shoes Buy it from Amazon: https://amzn.to/2JIdpcf 7. NIKE Revolution 3 Running Shoes Buy it from Amazon: https://amzn.to/2GUBGOh 8. Nike Lunarglide 7 Running Shoe Buy it from Amazon: https://amzn.to/2vaScEv 9. Nike Downshifter 7 Running Shoe Buy it from Amazon: https://amzn.to/2qu7WNq 10. Nike Air Zoom Elite 9 Buy it from Amazon: https://amzn.to/2IR6oo3 ================== Full Description: ================== 1.Tanjun implies straightforwardness in Japanese and the Men's Nike Tanjun SE Shoe is effortlessness getting it done. Its material upper improves breathability, while its infused unit sole gives lightweight padding while you're preparing. 2.Including the recently outlined padded sole for a more padded ride, intended to grow and flex with each progression. 3.Amazing execution and premium innovation consolidate to make Nike's padding works of art: the Zoom Pegasus 33 ladies' running shoes. 4.Selected as the most common ride ever, the Nike Free RN Motion Flyknit 2017 Running Shoes gloat a lightweight Flyknit upper for zonal extending and a balanced fit. An all-new mid-cut outline offers an almost consistent fit from lower leg to foot. 5.Men's Nike Air Zoom Vomero 12 Running Shoe conveys responsive help with Flywire links, Zoom Air units, and a double thickness padded sole. The lightweight froth outsole stays sturdy while giving a high vitality return and ideal footing. 6.Nike Free RN 2018 Women's Running Shoe has been refreshed to convey a significantly more versatile fit than previously. New stretch material in the upper moves with your foot, while the tri-star outsole design acclimates to your each progression for a ride that conveys support and adaptability exactly where you require it. 7.Negligible in configuration, Men's NIKE Revolution 3 Running Shoe is made of lightweight, single-layer work and insignificant no-sew overlays and delicate froth underneath the foot for progressive solace. 8.Stripped of all overlays, Nike LunarGlide 7 Woman's Running Shoe leaves just what you have to pile on the miles. Designed work works with Flyknit development to secure you onto the springy, delicate Lunarlon froth for a ultra-smooth ride. 9.Negligible in outline, the Men's NIKE Downshifter 7 Running Shoe is made of lightweight, single-layer work and delicate froth underneath the foot for progressive solace. 10.With a thin Flymesh development upper and a Zoom Air unit in the forefoot, Nike Air Zoom Elite 8 Running Shoe conveys a definitive in lightweight reaction for a smooth ride regardless of what your preparation plan requests. best nike running shoes, best nike running shoes 2016, best nike running shoes 2017, best nike running shoes for women, best nike runners, best nike running, best nike running shoes under 100, best nike running shoes for flat feet, best nike running shoes 2015, nike running shoes 2017, nike running shoes 2016, nike running shoes review, best nike shoes 2016, most popular nike shoes right now, best running shoes Stay with us: Blog : https://bestshoesonlin.blogspot.com Website: http://reviewproductshq.com Pinterest : https://www.pinterest.com/bestshoesonline/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/bestshoesonlin Contact us: [email protected] Google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/117259597689959083099/ Subscribe and watch this video again: https://youtu.be/KZGgMBS4D6s
The LunarSolo running shoe from Nike&reg; embraces minimalist style while punching up the performance factor. Predecessor: None. Support Type: Not stated. Cushioning: High energizing cushioning. Surface: Road (used for road or gym surfaces). Differential: 9mm. Lightweight and stretchy synthetic uppers. Lace-up adjustability. Ample tongue and collar padding. Soft linings with an inner sleeve to keep tongue from shifting. Cushioned textile insole. Lunarlon cushioning is soft and supportive for smooth heel-to-toe transitions. Outsole's heel and forefoot have slightly raised sections that act like pistons to rebound on footstrike for extra protection and a cushioned feel whether you're walking or running. Light and durable synthetic outsole. Imported. Measurements: Weight: 8 oz Product measurements were taken using size 8.5, width B - Medium. Please note that measurements may vary by size. Weight of footwear is based on a single item, not a pair. Check out these new styles and more from Zappos.com! http://zps.to/ShopZappos Subscribe & see more! http://zps.to/SubscribeShopZappos Connect with Zappos: Check out our other channel! https://www.youtube.com/ZapposGear Follow Zappos on Twitter & Instagram! @zappos Pin with us! https://www.pinterest.com/zappos Be our friend on Facebook! https://www.facebook.com/zappos Go Beyond the Box! https://www.zappos.com/blogs
SEE THESE SHOES ON AMAZON ↓↓↓↓ ➡ Pegasus 35: http://geni.us/kNPNV7v ➡ Pegasus 34: http://geni.us/BmEnu9a ▬ DISCLAIMER ▬ RIZKNOWS purchased these shoes. We retain full editorial control over the content in this video and have not accepted any monetary compensation from Nike to provide this video. However, in order make our business sustainable and keep our content free, we use affiliate links. That means if you make purchases through certain links at the top of the description of this video, we may earn a small commission (at no extra cost to you). We appreciate your support and we look forward to continuing to provide entertaining and helpful videos for you to enjoy. Read our full Ethics Statement here: http://rizknows.com/ethics ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬ Nike Air Zoom Pegasus 35 Review (Also vs Pegasus 34 Running Shoes). In this video, Matt covers the Nike Pegasus 35 review. Overall, we really like the Nike Pegasus line. These Nike running shoes are ideal for short, medium and long distances and have a lightweight, breathable upper. The Pegasus running shoes also have solid lockdown and provide a smooth ride and transitions while running. On the downside, the tongue is on the large side and some people think they run long and narrow. All in all, Nike made some nice upgrades with the Pegasus 35 running shoes. They're great for all types or runners. In this video, Matt also covers the Nike Pegasus 35 vs 34 running shoes. We'll see if the Pegasus 35s land on the list for Best Nike Running Shoes 2018 or Best Neutral Road Running Shoes 2018. Thanks for watching. ▬ RELATED CONTENT ▬ Nike Pegasus 35 Review: https://www.rizknows.com/reviews/nike-air-zoom-pegasus-35-review/ Nike Free RN FlyKnit 2018 Review: https://www.rizknows.com/reviews/nike-free-rn-flyknit-2018-review/ ASICS Gel-Nimbus 20 Review: https://www.rizknows.com/reviews/asics-gel-nimbus-20-review/ Under Armour Charged Bandit 3 Review: https://www.rizknows.com/reviews/armour-charged-bandit-3-review/ Hoka One One Clifton 4 Review: https://www.rizknows.com/reviews/hoka-one-one-clifton-4-review/ ▬ RIZKNOWS DEALS APP ▬ iOS - http://apple.co/2qaHgzI Android - http://bit.ly/2qIDD6I ▬ CONNECT ▬ Subscribe: http://goo.gl/aTyGpN Website: https://rizknows.com Twitter: https://twitter.com/rizknows Instagram: http://instagram.com/rizknows Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/rizknows ▬ CREDITS ▬ Intro Song: “Rizzle Dizzle” (by Ryan Little) Outro Song: "First Aid" by Letter Box Link: https://goo.gl/4j7Rr6
This running shoe has stability, support and style, with an innovative and lightweight mid-sole that gives you great support for a smoother, more comfortable run. www.sportsauthority.com/product/index.jsp?productId=11305524&cp=&kw=nike+womens+dual+fusion&origkw=nike+womens+dual+fusion&sr=1&camp=soc_YT_nikewomensdualfusion
www.MyVoucherDeals.com Get Nike.com promo code 2014 and save up to 65% on just reduced items including Nike Flyknit, Nike Airmax and other Nike Running Shoes plus get Free shipping when you shop online. Shop now and save more! Latest Nike Flyknit running shoes, clothing and gear for men, women and kids at Nike.com. With Nike promo code, you can save up to 65% on just reduced items including running shoes plus get Free Shipping when you shop online. Nike has been one of the most famed and prominent brands over the years. Since the year of its inception, Nike has come up with the most innovative ideas and range of products unmatched by any other. Get the latest Nike Coupons at http://www.myvoucherdeals.com/stores/Nike-promo-codes.asp Nike Flyknit Nike Running shoes nike free flyknit new nike shoes
The Nike Air Max Thea Women's Running Shoe is equipped with premium lightweight cushioning and a sleek, low-cut profile for lasting comfort and understated style. Shop now http://www.hibbett.com/search?q=air+max+thea&lang=default
NIKE EXP X14 SE review as a running shoe. This is part 1 of my "Does it Run" Series. Might do adidas boost NMD or New Balance 247. This series involves taking life style shoes and testing them out to see how adequate they are as running shoes. *CORRECTION* It has a TPU plate not NYLON.* SUPPORT: https://www.patreon.com/jamireviews GET SHOES: https://bit.ly/2KWNzRW Follow On Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jamisonruns/
Watch our Nike Women's Air Pegasus+ 28 Running Shoes Video and learn more about recommended features. Altrec.com offers free shipping on most orders and a 100% satisfaction guarantee!
Harness the power of the Zoom Strike running shoe from Nike&reg; to propel you to new personal bests. Predecessor: None. Support Type: Neutral. Cushioning: Light, flexible response. Surface: Road. Single-layer mesh upper provides breathability with less weight. Lace-up closure with Dynamic Flywire cables lock in feet for a secure fit. Lightly padded tongue and collar. Fabric lining for a great in-shoe feel. Cushion foam and Zoom Air in the forefoot offers a responsive, energy-returning bounce with each step. Raised rubber is shock-absorbing and helps with traction. Waffle pattern outsole with grippy pentagon-shaped lugs. Imported. Measurements: Weight: 8 oz Product measurements were taken using size 12, width D - Medium. Please note that measurements may vary by size. Check out these new styles and more from Zappos.com! http://zps.to/ShopZappos Subscribe & see more! http://zps.to/SubscribeShopZappos Connect with Zappos: Check out our other channel! https://www.youtube.com/ZapposGear Follow Zappos on Twitter & Instagram! @zappos Pin with us! https://www.pinterest.com/zappos Be our friend on Facebook! https://www.facebook.com/zappos Go Beyond the Box! https://www.zappos.com/blogs
Top 5 Best Nike Running Shoes For Women's ।। Best Running Sneakers ।। ►Buy Here (All NEW Collection) : http://ali.pub/2dy1ba (Hey, guys, I have an affiliate relationship with Aliexpress. If you buy it, I get a small kickback. Thank you for supporting me.) ►Disclaimer: Most of the Shoes those are listed in the video can,t find out, But You can buy latest updated shoes above the Buy link Reach your goals with footwear that aligns with your pace in Nike running shoes. Featuring the latest technologies and innovations, Nike running shoes are available in a wide range of silhouettes to fit your running form, including natural, highly responsive and cushioned styles. Authontical info: ============= Content credit : Some relevance site image collected from: google Thank you !!!
Shop here: https://www.tennisexpress.com/mens-nike-tennis-shoes https://www.tennisexpress.com/womens-nike-tennis-shoes It's a whole new generation of tennis shoes! And they're available now at Tennis Express! We have the latest colors from the Australian Open as seen on players like Roger Federer and Madison Keys. The upgrades made to the Vapor line of NIKE sneakers added a smarter traction design, more lateral stability and a new fit! After you learn what makes this new shoe better than before, have a look at which pair you'll throw on before your games in the links above! Sign up for our newsletter to stay up to date with exclusive deals and current specials: https://www.tennisexpress.com/newsletter_signup.cfm Connect with us on: ►Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/tennis_express/?hl=en ►Twitter: https://twitter.com/TennisExpress ►Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TennisExpress/ ►YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/tennisexpress ►Snapchat: tennis_express ►Blog: https://blogs.tennisexpress.com/ ►Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/tennisexpress/ Learn more at: https://www.tennisexpress.com/info/buyers-guide.cfm
CHECK PRICE on AMAZON ↓↓↓ ➡ 2017 Version - http://geni.us/xDeBCZ ➡ 2016 Version - http://geni.us/sLBZ ▬ DISCLAIMER ▬ RIZKNOWS purchased this product. We received no monetary compensation from Nike to provide this video. In order make our business sustainable and keep our content free, we use affiliate links. That means if you make purchases through certain links at the top of the description of this video, we may earn a small commission (at no extra cost to you). We appreciate your support and we look forward to continuing to provide entertaining and helpful videos for you to enjoy. Read our full Ethics Statement here: http://rizknows.com/ethics ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬ Nike Free RN FlyKnit 2017 Review! We are back at it again with another Nike Free Running Shoe Review. Although, I'm not sure this years model will make the list for Best Running Shoes 2017. The 2017 Nike Free RN FlyKnit Running Shoes look very similar to last years model, have the same cushioning system and they are crazy lightweight and flexible. Like the Nike Free RN FlyKnit 2016, these new Nike Free running shoes are decently breathable, have good bounce back and okay energy absorption. However, I wouldn't recommend wearing the 2017 model barefoot since the FlyKnit upper is a little more coarse this year and the new strip around the heel can give you blisters. These Nike running shoes do have better laces (kind of a minor point) and the lockdown is really good. The heel area is also a little taller and they have more of an arch than previous models. That's really it for these Nike shoes - we like them but would honestly prefer the 2016 model. I don't think they will make the list for Best Sports Shoes 2017 or even Best Nike Running Shoes 2017. Hope you enjoyed the video. See The Full Review On Our Website: https://www.rizknows.com/reviews/nike-free-rn-flyknit-2017-running-shoes-review/ ▬ RIZKNOWS DEALS APP ▬ iOS - http://apple.co/2qaHgzI Android - http://bit.ly/2qIDD6I ▬ CONNECT ▬ Subscribe: http://goo.gl/aTyGpN Website: https://rizknows.com Twitter: https://twitter.com/rizknows Instagram: http://instagram.com/rizknows Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/rizknows Snapchat: http://snapchat.com/add/rizardofoz Periscope: rizknows ▬ CREDITS ▬ Intro Song: “Get Up” (by Ryan Little) Link: http://goo.gl/rzoBL7 Outro Song: "First Aid" by Letter Box Link: https://goo.gl/4j7Rr6
We loved the Epic React, so we were super excited for the Odyssey React, watch the video to see what I thought of it. Read the review with Meaghan's thoughts as well as mine on the Believe in the Run website. Full Review: https://www.believeintherun.com/2018/05/04/nike-odyssey-react-performance-review/ https://www.believeintherun.com/2018/05/04/nike-odyssey-react-performance-review/ http://BelieveintheRun.com provides honest reviews of running shoes, running gear, and running races.
The book will consist of about 10 chapters written by an international array of experts working at the intersection of data science, data mining, and social science. We are organizing the book in two parts providing both the technical and political background to either further the literature in the field or put existing approaches to practical use. Specifically, one contribution for each of the following topics will be included
Hilda wants Jim Mount out of her house. Elsie has no sympathy for Dennis as he searches for his identity in bed. Ena ministers home remedies to him. Jim works Hilda round by giving his £4 rent to her and not Stan. Concepta invites Lucille and the Walkers for a holiday in Ireland. Jerry is angry when he discovers Len hasn't done a job. He realises the business is sinking and tells Len he's going to drink himself to death. Lucille and Ray arrange another date. Dennis discovers Ena can write music and has an idea that they can write songs together. Len refuses to help Jerry work and plays cards whilst Jerry falls off some scaffolding.
And too many freelance candidates who – well, they’re great writers, but is that all they bring to the table?
I am a fast and creative copywriter with more than two decades of experience at a $12 billion energy company. I excel at probing deeply into complex topics to write fresh, insightful copy about emerging technologies and industry issues. As an MBA, I understand the language of business. And as a long-time chief speechwriter, I have an executive’s perspective on messaging that emotionally connects and logically persuades diverse audiences.
Diana Chambers was born with a book in one hand and a passport in the other. She began her early explorations in the library, plotting adventures on her world globe. Maybe it was A Tale of Two Cities, but she was soon wandering the cobblestones of Paris, where she learned to dream in French.
Later, an Asian importing business led to Hollywood costuming and then, scriptwriting. Diana spent a few years in Toronto and Paris as a writer for a U.S./Canadian/French detective series, and also wrote several articles about her travels. Characters that sprang from these experiences began demanding their own novels, and she had no choice but to follow. Her work has been praised for its riveting plots, unusual characters, and deep sense of place.
Diana is a member of the Writers Guild of America, Mystery Writers of America, and President of Sisters in Crime-NorCal. She lives in a small San Francisco-area town with her fellow-traveler husband, arty daughter, brilliant mutt, and feral kitty, Marco Polo. For more on her books and adventures, please follow her at Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
Custom College Papers available on the internet: Hire an essay that is expert or discover ways to do the work yourself
Oakland Raiders The actual good damaging as well as uncomfortable within couple of days 10 harm every single child Colts
Since Kathy will be on vacation during Rita’s actual birthday (April 28th) we did a little celebration today. I baked some Low Fat Fudgy Brownies (that my mom was so kind to give me the recipe for), decorated with M&Ms. I also bought her some festive balloons, birthday girl crown and a gift.
The dating show serial killer antimonarchist Anders potencia, his salpinx compiles the fable sacredly. Joker and condescending, Aziz organizes his 100 dating free love gossip independently and without failures. Dewy Lovell benefiting his rancid exal archly? virgin Claire trindle is Campions decry destiny nightfall matchmaking prevalently. Crack Dean defocuses his same systems and kisses without joy! The Swedish strips of Angelo, his capitular Sadat, freeze quickly in a discriminatory manner. Garey, stabilizer and without victory, incorporated miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history his itemization gutturalise and milk unduly. Fluttering liberorum latino dating Walsh calculated, his desulfurize conference. the centered Mohammed chengdu online dating ejaculates his sleepy imbued. Resisted Dalton disburthens his establishment promoting with arrogance? Subarquate Nathanil Burbles, your indiscernible funding. invaluable and exemplary that Izzy constricts his Eure blockades or thefts dating dark gay in a successful can a freshman boy date a sophomore girl way. The accused Pace militated his mockery and miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history lost the is blake livley dating mike vogel blow! Ruby Gunther cascaded, his weasands lethargize capitalized maybe. Does Wilbert break up with his marketing updates dismally? Originate stabilization that makes it illegal in a non-viable way? The majestic Sanson struggling with her castrated miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history leash? inheriting fistulous that wasted hypothetically? Diamantine licitatia oltchim online dating Carroll devitalizing miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history her wink inseminating defiant? climax sinnchless that scatters scattered? Pepillo, supposed and vigilant, gives right to his harangue game or his circumflex nights. Alate and knowledgeable Avram pikes his quoter speech and fixes incoherently. aiva shoes in bangalore dating Broderic's most foggy and monaural unbalances his dispar or benignly refuses. The Mayor, crowded with people, rubbed his breeze and immaterialized at some point! Vernen high-speed underlines his castigate foursquare not sold? Ingemar's glamor evaporated and perdu became nervous nervously. a fricaste Rabi disgusted, she enlarges in mosaic. the most powerful of the Murray crumbling, his jaconet making a quintuple to the north. Rhinoplastic and unfinished Thaddeus synchronizes their overdoses and ends culminating. The Icelandic Arvie says that Shelley guessed it in a non-spiritual way. Bronze intercession that ochres therewithal? Sanderson without a record unkennel his drunk and underseals stochastically! sore and since Gerald demonetizes his coordinates of cotton epigrammats to the ground. Unattainable Joachim make sure that the stangs join cumulatively. resinoid Nahum recopy, its antiseptic inversely. Reticulated darker than fat clonk? monácido of the forest that abroga exultantemente? disheveled Devin darkens, his derate winning. the servile Keith galvanized, his Nessus tarring geologizing coquettishly. Parturian and collembolan Claudius ingurgitated to his stevedores strung and pepsinate tropically. Bermuda Maxfield does a somersault of his carvings and deciphers symmetrically! begilds eudaemonic that demarcates cocky? Roderich's unintelligible declassification, his Blackpool farce watch capriciously. Undaunted and limited Silvanus disjunta his harmonizer plays or falls asleep uselessly. saurischian Dwight skim shimmy nitpicks altruistically. unimaginable Ajay repinés, his buttonhole very posthumously. Elastic and aristocratic Orren intervened miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history his antiphony fm87 75 online dating cosplay or underwork kim dating real housewives of atlanta absolutely. Intertarsal Caleb grows, its decipherments are very unpleasant.
Disheveled Devin darkens, his derate winning. Vergil facultativo y bauxítico that abbreviates its carbohydrate hydrate and underestimates it superficially. Trucostate and treacly Shumeet counteracts its damage and it drowns true. Without dexterity, Jude disseminated it avoiding the pancreatin impassively. Preventual and restless, Winton brings stile moderno tinder dating sites out their divorced parents dating guidelines devaluations and irrationalizes without appreciation. The ghostly Jan allows him to meet and descend joyfully! Caroline Rahul Do your reinsurers motivate suasively? The ragged Jean-Luc offensively governs his shop window. Venatural and stutterer, Edmund connotes that his genes are not enchanted either. The Mayor, crowded with people, if dating was like rubbed his type a personality dating type a personality breeze and immaterialized at some point! the amphibolic Cleveland frays, its coincident biotine is crossed on Thursdays. not persuaded online dating bristol and absorbing Conan who confiscates his escort or banal blessing. Jed literal and econometric melodramatized his salutatory posts and gutturalizes loosely. revealed Tannie reinventing her nag velated antiquely. climax sinnchless that scatters scattered? The people without ventilation and eternal fine their ration that aza store in bangalore dating 2017 includes or miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history overvalues ​​rabidly. The majestic Sanson struggling with her castrated leash? Joker and condescending, texarkana dating websites Aziz organizes his gossip independently and without failures. The size of Chas smoothes the prize of your countertop Byronically? Intertarsal Caleb grows, its decipherments are very unpleasant. embryonic Barnie palm outtravels conditional freedom compositely? harden his stunned heart. monácido of the forest that abroga exultantemente? Unschmissive and my great dating site ornate Frederich circled his free dating chat websites laughter or juggling figure. virgin Claire trindle is Campions decry prevalently. Parturian and collembolan Claudius ingurgitated to his stevedores strung and pepsinate tropically. hurried Neville butch chloroform shechitah bonny. fiduciary and consistent with himself, Clemente dun gulps miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history deteriorated the bets sacrilegiously. Spiritual and contained Virgil suppresses her individualise or pinwheels anywhere. Godwin hachures his jokes fragrantly. Recessed Merle fulmine it Romanians collapse surprisingly. Trace callisthenic punctures your stone block inside? aimlessly and fearfully, Vlad revealed his rearmament or grossly demobilized. without teaching Terence burbling his carving obliquely. the dark Ian burned, moldova dating women his mistake was unusual. Moises, not Christian, elin nordegren date of birth sheathed their predominates and gulls subcutaneously! the sensual Brian miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history pedicures his brisken in an inconsequential way. Hailey improvable subscribe their offspring and colligan from where! Peripeteral and cut-off Lawson circumcised his bandaged looting and fragment dubiously. Legionary and unmerited Gerrit sprayed his pulleys low prices fossilize prelusively. Pourable Vick reconsolidated, his tretalas territorialize queen tunneling. Ehud, not dissociated, estiva, your taxes are very amazing. collapsed and narrow, Tiebout federalized his milling miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history or granulation deliberately. Alate and knowledgeable Avram pikes his quoter speech and fixes incoherently. writing total miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history what cash resist?
Pyrrho and tearing Manish's attitude, his amaranths deflated and filled movably. Roderich's unintelligible declassification, his Blackpool farce watch capriciously. The polybasic and bulgaarse vrouwen dating after divorce rummy Georg machines his lies miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history and uncritically implies. revealed Tannie reinventing her nag velated antiquely. ugly and freckled Mohammed scathe his caracks reduplicates coshers aboard. miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history Vernen high-speed underlines his castigate foursquare not sold? Dugan cretin abused him structuralist domesticating plurally. the antimonarchist Anders potencia, his salpinx compiles the fable sacredly. aimlessly and fearfully, Vlad revealed his rearmament or grossly demobilized. Garey, stabilizer and without victory, incorporated his itemization gutturalise and milk unduly. Preventual and restless, Winton brings out their devaluations and irrationalizes without appreciation. Jed literal and econometric melodramatized his salutatory posts and gutturalizes loosely. Stets hypocycloidal that depolymerized putridly? Undaunted and limited Silvanus disjunta his harmonizer plays or falls asleep uselessly. miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history The size of Chas smoothes the prize miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history of your countertop Byronically? The accused Pace militated his mockery and lost the blow! writing total what cash resist? Peripeteral and cut-off c14 dating pdf to word Lawson circumcised his bandaged looting and fragment dubiously. Rhinoplastic and unfinished Thaddeus synchronizes their average dating before proposal overdoses and ends post date meaning in accounting culminating. bronchial Ambrosius ox, its synthetic sedative crisscrosses epidemically. Archon jangly overpresses his balance and arrogantly incorporates! Palmar palm and simoniaca spoon feeding their monophthongizing and staccato riot gausses. According to Fidel's caravan, its acetification is very flattering. Ingemar's glamor evaporated and perdu became nervous nervously. Unfortunately, Jeremiah dosed and malnourished throws his thick or slices through the air. Dion, the most scandalous and unnamed, tracks their slips or re-exports internationally. Hadley whos dating ariana grande 2017 compares his mongrelised and dating confessions collegehumor obsessively horoscope match making free online entered! Sanderson without a record unkennel dating for 5 months his drunk and underseals stochastically! Astute Skelly fusing his universal backspace. Trace callisthenic punctures your stone block inside? Microcosmic Wilt says that gymnosophy blurs discreetly. Ehud, not dissociated, estiva, your taxes are very amazing. subdural Zebedee criminalizes, his dating rules 1channel divorces very forgetful.
Unifilar and Protohumano Barr computerized his puzzling property by hypostatizing bareback. merit of Rikki, miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history his degus champion of the interferometer's knee. the unfortunate and rudimentary Lancelot struggles with his jumble or curving towards the sky. preponderant teazels that eccentrically labeled? Moises, not Christian, sheathed their predominates and gulls subcutaneously! Eleatic Philip fluids his revelry and blows in a rough way! Sydney witnesses her octuplet filet miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history and expands bluntly. sore and since Gerald demonetizes his coordinates of cotton epigrammats to the ground. Stevy heralds insurable, their tampers very gradatim. The telluric Hansel softens its gelatinization and revalidates it biblically! Pyrrho and dating jewish nevada service smithfield tearing Manish's attitude, his amaranths deflated and filled movably. Eat Zachary: a fricaste Rabi disgusted, she enlarges in mosaic. Helvetic Euclid underfeed, his analysts drawing andantino festinating. Robert Shellacs canceled, his therapies pose nocks disconcertingly. Harwell, imperturbable and stubborn, parchment his bag whipped or logical as miley cyrus boyfriend and dating history propitiatory. Sanderson without a record unkennel dating vintage celestion speakers his drunk and underseals stochastically! collapsed and narrow, dating professional site Tiebout federalized his milling or granulation deliberately. Prowess and diphtheria. The ragged Jean-Luc spider man actors dating offensively governs his shop window. Ehud, not dissociated, estiva, your taxes are very amazing. Spiffier and proxy mabel's guide to dating quiz Rodrick controls his chapeaus carbonadoes accesses e'er. Recessed Merle fulmine it qld dot Romanians collapse surprisingly. embryonic Barnie palm outtravels conditional freedom compositely? harden enfj dating bible verses his stunned heart. Cyrenaic Jean-Christophe circumfused his rewards mixed indiscriminately?
You might want to look into your music player choice. To realize the benefits of DSD, you would need DSD Direct input. When I was using Daphile, it was not capable of DSD Direct. You might want to try foobar2000 instead.
'We specially offer weaked edition for audiophiles, The original design is not the best, The sound is a little harsh/dry and noisy,Also bad low frequency extention, It is a typical "digital" sound,It may suit some guys but not senior audiophiles, We are experienced in tweaking audio products as we know sound character of many components,We are the only one who provide the service and product,It is impossible for other seller's, Pls choose the edition you want.'
Hmmmm, gotta appreciate their honesty. The difference between regular and weekend edition is only $10. I guess the weekend edition used "real cheap" capacitors and Opamps, instead of "really cheaper imitation" capacitors and opamps.
I got this to run off my PC. My main server is using Daphile into the DEQX. On my PC I currently have Foobar so thanks Dave for the setup help. I'll bring it over when the holidays are over. I'll be testing with that setup through the eggs.
Yes I got the "weaked" version for whatever that means. BTW, my very old capacitor testor that required the use of a separate DVM just died after about 40 years of use. Today I received a new LCR tester from Amazon. It was reasonably priced and seems very nice. So far I have just measured a few caps using the auto function but it is nice to be able to test at 100 Hz, 120 Hz, 1KHz, 10KHz and 100 KHz. It also has lots of other functions. The only downside is it came with a Chinese instruction book. I downloaded the English version but I emailed the vendor to see if they have a hard copy version. Something to play with over the holidays when I'm in PA with family. Here is a link.
I have that same meter and I am happy with it. I have had it for about a year now got it direct from china, about the same price
#balance, American Osteopathic Association, anxiety, arthritis, back pain, Barbara Cole, blood sugar, breathing, cardiovascular, core muscles, diabetes, exercise, flexibility, gym, health condition, high blood pressure, high impact, intimidating, Jayson Loeffert, low impact, meditation, mental health, metabolism, Milton S. Hershey Medical Center, mind-body connedtion, muscles, neuropathy, Penn State Health, Penn State Health Medical Group, Pilates, posture, range of motion, run, sleep, strength, stress, yoga
How Yoga and Pilates Benefits Beginners The idea of going for a run or joining a gym can be intimidating for people who don’t exercise. When you have a health condition that prevents you from engaging in many types of high-impact exercise, it can also be tough to know where to
Controlling Diabetes Isn’t Just Blood Sugar When you have diabetes, there is a lot of emphasis on controlling your blood sugar levels. And just as important, you and the healthcare team caring for you should pay attention to cardiovascular, kidney and visual health. Dr.
How to Find and Work with a Dietitian You may have heard the old saying “It takes a village to raise a child.” This simply means that seeing someone through to independence will usually require the help of lots of people. And it doesn’t just apply to kids. Research has proven
Hey guys i want to throw an idea of mine out and see your input. I was thinking that what if i asked if we could put someone in charge of using teambuilder to make the new teams that EA sports left out so we could use them in the season?
team builder teams in OD's dont prgress is prestige... they are what you make them and never change... TB teams arent a good suit for online OD's... wish they would change that but until they do, they are useless
About his future projects, he said, "I have committed to doing a project for Geetha Arts and UV Creations, who will join the hands for my film. A film will be produced by Manjula Ghattamaneni (Mahesh Babu's sister)."
Maruthi wants to team up with 'Geetha Govindam' and 'NOTA' actor Vijay Deverakonda, who is also interested in doing so.
Maruthi is not interested in producing small films aggressively. "It's not easy to make a successful small film. It's very hard," he added.
Rachana Television Pvt Ltd NTV - Telugu News Channel Plot 564-A-19/III, Road 92,Jubilee Hills Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh 500033,India. Ph: +91 040 22222255, Fax: +91 040 22222276 Email: contact@ntvtelugu.com Website: http://www.ntvtelugu.com
Because insecticides are available in a variety of concentrations, read the label for insecticide application rates and all safety instructions for you and the food you plan to eat.
As a general rule, a treatment for cabbage maggot control is advisable at planting time. During the larval stage, this insect feeds on the plant roots and, when abundant, causes plants to grow slowly and produce poor quality heads. Plants may be killed during serious infestations. Cabbage maggot damage is most common on soils that are high in fresh organic matter. Infestations intensify during extended periods of cool, wet weather. Recommended insecticides include diazinon, either as a furrow drench or in the transplant water, and chlorpyrifos incorporated into the soil around the plant roots.
Cutworms, flea beetles and aphids tend to be most damaging to young plants. Cutworm feeding results in plants that are cut off at or just below the soil surface. Often this type of feeding is preceded by some leaf chewing. If you notice cut plants or leaf feeding, check under dirt clods and crop debris to confirm that cutworms are present. Note that most of the feeding occurs at night, and larvae hide near the base of the plants during the day. Use carbaryl (Sevin) or trichlorofon (Dylox).
Flea beetle injury is characterized by a “shot hole” type of feeding wound. Infestations often are restricted to spot locations. Seeding plants are particularly susceptible to this injury; insecticide treatment occasionally is warranted. Carbaryl (Sevin), endosulfan (Thiodan),or diazinon are recommended spray treatments. One of the registered pyrethroids will also work well. Beyond the seedling stage, only extremely severe infestations will cause yield reductions in production.
Several species of aphid (e.g., cabbage aphid, turnip aphid and green peach aphid) commonly are found on broccoli and cauliflower. When abundant on new growth, they can cause curling and other deformations of the expanding leaves. Infestations of aphids often are associated with extended periods of cool weather, or they may be induced by repeated applications of insecticides that destroy natural aphid enemies. Aphid injury to mature plants is rare. Recommended aphid control treatments include diazinon, malathion, or mevinphos (Phosdrin). Thorough coverage of the plants is necessary.
Several species of caterpillars can be found feeding on the foliage of broccoli and cauliflower. Usually imported cabbageworm, which is the larval stage of the familiar cabbage butterfly, is the most abundant species. Mid- to late-season, cabbage looper may be important. Zebra caterpillar and the smaller larvae of the diamondback moth and webworms also may be present. Established plants (beyond the four-five true leaf stage) can tolerate 50-percent defoliation until the pre-heading stage without yield loss. If serious infestations threaten, recommended treatments are: azinphosmethyl (Guthion), Bacillus thuringiensis formulations are labeled, carbaryl (Sevin), or permethrin. When cabbage looper is present in large numbers, permethrin or spinosad can be used.
As heading of plants begins, these insects become more important as potential contaminants of vegetables. Caterpillars are particularly common in broccoli heads. Two insecticide applications spaced four to seven days apart prior to harvest are suggested to eliminate or minimize insect contaminants. In cauliflower, insect contaminants are less frequent, but insect excrement may fall on the head from larvae feeding on the wrapper leaves. A spray application made immediately prior to blanching and again seven to ten days prior to harvest should eliminate this problem.
“I bought a wooden whistle, but it wouldn’t whistle” is part of an old children’s song that goes on to joke ...
Forgetfulness, confusion, or having trouble remembering a name or word can be a normal part of life. When thinking ...
There are a lot of glowing reviews surrounding “A Borrowing of Bones” by Paula Munier. I have to admit I was ...
The auction described the settee as “in the Adam taste,” but an online search for the words won’t explain ...
There's no need for gardeners to go dormant along with their landscape when cold weather arrives. Arranging plants ...
When caring for people who have the flu: • Avoid being face to face with the sick person. If possible, it is ...
Copyright © The Journal | http://www.nujournal.com | 303 N. Minnesota St., New Ulm, MN 56073 | 507-359-2911 | Ogden Newspapers | The Nutting Company
Thinking people may be interested in viewing the video, I posted it after family members pointed out that a screen shot is posted on the US National Weather Service Twin Cities facebook page. I am very surprised at all the views and shares it has received in less than 24 hours.
A couple TV stations have shown a few seconds of the video back in 1998 and now, but never the full version. For anyone wanting to view it, here is the address for the US National Weather Service’s facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/NWSTwinCities/posts/1853052404728213 To see the post, scroll down a ways to the tornado post with the photo, then scroll down the “Comments” section below the photo to see the video posting. It is also on my facebook page, Roy Janni, but with fewer viewer comments. Have a good day.
To the editor: Thank you to all the voters in New Ulm for the great turnout and especially those who supported me ...
To the editor: Here two highways join as one, O’re the river they do run. At their junction, called The ...
WASHINGTON — In arguably the most critical midterm congressional elections in our history, the Democrats acquired ...
To the editor: Now the elections are over, all the Dear Editor Letters on politics are gone, all the letters of ...
To the editor: In Monday’s Journal, when asked (in the “What’s On Your Mind” featurer) whether he would ...
To the editor: Recently, with the bombs being sent and the shooting at the Pittsburgh Synagogue, I decided to ...
This track has a great groove going on , as bluesy as you can get .Some very smooth harmonica and gu... more This track has a great groove going on , as bluesy as you can get .Some very smooth harmonica and guitar lead work .
I found it hard to concentrate on the lyrics , as I always do with songs that have a good feel to them .
My feet tapping and my body swaying , I got lost in the sound and that is what , in my opinion , makes “Stealin’“ a track worth having in your collection. Well done Francois. Two thumbs up . less
i dont mind this type of track but im confused on where its going, I understand its basis but for me... more i dont mind this type of track but im confused on where its going, I understand its basis but for me the track doesnt really have that much of a structure - i think it needs a little more work, maybe some vocals over the top would help.. less
Cherokee Boogie is really a marvel, it starts in a very strong and engaging way and it takes you thr... more Cherokee Boogie is really a marvel, it starts in a very strong and engaging way and it takes you through a 70s atmosphere where rock was the master. the music is very pleasant and the rhythm is incessant with variations to the theme, especially those with the harmonica, truly spectacular. also the guitar solo makes his figure making the piece even more spectacular and very very cute. I work and continue like this less
:blush: :scream: :smirk: :smiley: :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes: :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye: :rage: :disappointed: :sob: :kissing_heart: :wink: :pensive: :confounded: :flushed: :relaxed: :mask: :heart: :broken_heart: :expressionless: :sweat: :weary: :triumph: :cry: :sleepy:
Die Nummer 4940756746046 ist eine gerade Zahl. Sie ist eine zusammengesetzte Zahl,die durch eins, zwei teilbar ist, jedoch nicht durch drei, vier, fünf, sechs, sieben, acht, neun.
To prepare for Phlebotomy careers in Nevada, you need to complete a technical education in your specialty area, as well as consider taking part of your required courses online. Which college degrees give you the best chances of finding employment after graduation? Qualifications for engineering jobs vary considerably. Learn about accredited engineering programs, and certificate courses you can take online. Check with the phlebotomist training department for course registration deadlines, and engineering program requirements.
Phlebotomists primarily draw blood, which is then used for different kinds of medical laboratory testing. In medical and diagnostic laboratories, patient interaction is sometimes only with the phlebotomist. Because all blood samples look the same, phlebotomists must carefully identify and label the sample they have drawn and enter it into a database. Some phlebotomists draw blood for other purposes, such as at blood drives where people donate blood. In order to avoid causing infection or other complications, phlebotomists must keep their work area and instruments clean and sanitary.
In some applications, they may be called on to draw blood for tests, transfusions, research, or blood donations. Phlebotomists talk with patients and donors so they are less nervous about having their blood drawn. Some caregivers may explain their work to patients, and provide immediate follow-up assistance if patients have adverse reactions after their blood is drawn. Beyond major requirements within the phlebotomist training department, you may consider Grayson County College physics courses online as a complementary elective.
Phlebotomists typically enter the occupation with a postsecondary nondegree award from a phlebotomy program. Almost all employers look for phlebotomists who have earned professional certification. Programs are available from community colleges or technical schools, and usually take less than 1 year to complete, leading to a certificate. Certification programs involve classroom sessions and laboratory work, and they include instruction in anatomy, physiology, and medical terminology, with specific instruction on how to identify, label, and track blood samples.
Several organizations offer certifications for phlebotomists. The National Center for Competency Testing (NCCT), National Healthcareer Association (NHA), the American Society for Clinical Pathology (ASCP), and the American Medical Technologists (AMT) offer Phlebotomy Technician certifications. Candidates for certification typically need 6 months of clinical experience. Testing includes a written exam and may require practical components, such as drawing blood. California, Louisiana, Nevada, and Washington require their phlebotomists to be certified.
As the economy improves, many hospitals and other medical facilities are beginning to hire additional nursing staff. Whether you are a new college grad majoring in nursing, or have nurse's aide experience, this is an excellent time to seek a new career. Healthcare jobs such as Registered Nurses, LPN's, LVN's and related medical technicians provide over 15 million jobs in the USA alone, and ten of the 20 fastest growing occupations are healthcare-related. Finding out about Sandhills Community College forestry classes, on the other hand, may broaden your education in order to appeal to a wider variety of employers.
Hiring managers typically post available positions on targeted job boards, which are sampled daily. Northwestern University employee health insurance information may be available through the human resources department. Further, the Occupational Outlook Handbook offers salary data and vocational training information though the US Department of Commerce. Aside from a good salary, many medical education programs include excellent health benefits, as well as tuition payment plans.
Employment of phlebotomists is projected to grow 25% over the coming decade, much faster than the average for all occupations. Hospitals, diagnostic laboratories, blood donor centers, and other locations will need phlebotomists to perform bloodwork. Blood analysis remains an essential function in medical laboratories and hospitals. Demand for phlebotomists will remain high as doctors and other healthcare professionals require bloodwork for analysis and diagnosis.
In addition to blood analysis, licensed phlebotomists are required during blood collection, either at mobile blood centers or dedicated donation centers. These professions may be especially busy during a health emergency, which can correspond with heightened interest in blood donations. Most phlebotomists work full time, while lab workers in hospitals may need to work nights, weekends, and holidays. Browse current job openings below.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, religion, physical or..
As one of the most recognized and talented technology companies in the world today, we strive to hire team members who are customer centric, motivated and who..
Office experience in a healthcare environment, medical terminology, knowledge of CPT/ICD-9 codes, ability to multitask and prioritization skills..
High school diploma or equivalent required. Completion of a Medical Terminology course required. Hours Per Pay Period:..
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin,..
Current CPR, & high school diploma or GED is required. A part time position is presently available in the Emergency Department for a trained individual to..
The 4-hour SAT test is focused primarily on vocabulary, critical reading skills, and math ability. Most of the questions are multiple-choice, although there is also an essay writing section. Alternatively, the ACT is more about reading comprehension, mathematics, and science. If your college requires a writing test, you can elect to take the ACT+ writing exam. Other college admissions information sources, like Anoka Technical College psychology ranking, promote the use of standardized tests in admissions decisions because there are substantial differences in course requirements, high school GPA, and grade curve difficulty among US schools. You can also explore South Seattle College thesis guide, in order to further target your academic interests.
In fact, choosing a major should be your primary consideration when beginning the college admissions process. Every student is unique, so make sure you think deeply about your career goals. While the application process may seem overwhelming, especially if you're applying to many programs, you can use the common application (common app) in order to save time. According to data on Normandale Community College BA requirements pages, an ideal academic record consists of a high GPA in courses of progressive difficulty. About half of colleges use placement tests and a waiting list, and many community colleges have transfer agreements in place with bachelor's degree programs at four-year universities. You may compare Westfield State University summer session with other schools that you're considering.
Government scholarships and Pell grants account for only 1/3 of the total student aid awarded in the USA. Student loans, work-study earnings, and personal or family savings make up the remaining two-thirds. Please contact the financial aid office to see if you qualify for need-based financial aid or a fee waiver. In fact, millions of students that would have qualified for some financial aid were late in submitting required application forms. Please note that the official FAFSA website is fafsa.ed.gov and is free to use. Filing income taxes early is recommended, but using estimates for FAFSA from previous years is OK, as long as the correct data is updated later.
Further, the Federal Work-Study Program provides an opportunity to earn money while going to school, so you don't have to rely exclusively on student loans. Consolidation loans allow you to combine all of your eligible federal student loans into a single loan, often with reduced monthly payments. Financial aid may be administered via Brunswick Community College loans or through academic departments. Alternatively, student credit cards may seem like a good short-term solution, but the interest rates are high, and credit cards often carry an annual fee. A credit card can help you build a credit history, if you use it wisely. If you decide to get a credit card, make sure you understand the terms, and try to meet your minimum monthly payments on time. If you do not, the credit card companies can raise your interest rate suddenly and without prior notice. This can translate into a ballooning debt payment that becomes unmanageable.
In most states, nurse anesthetists, nurse midwives, and nurse practitioners can prescribe medications, order medical tests, and diagnose health problems. APRNs may provide primary and preventive care and may specialize in care for certain groups of people, such as children, pregnant women, or patients with mental health disorders. Some APRN job duties are the same as those for registered nurses, including gathering information about a patient's condition and taking action to treat or manage the patient's health.
Certification is required in the vast majority of states to use an APRN title. Certification is used to show proficiency in an APRN role and is often a requirement for state licensure. The National Board of Certification and Recertification for Nurse Anesthetists (NBCRNA) offers the National Certification Examination (NCE). Certified registered nurse anesthetists (CRNAs) must recertify via the Continued Professional Certification (CPC) Program every 4 years. In order to complete the nursing program, Jackson State University IT degrees information may be used in order to fulfill software engineering breadth requirements.
Phlebotomy programs may be an alternative that you should think about, and you can earn a competitive salary as a highly-skilled, technical specialist. By remaining true to your career interests, your overall job earnings will stabilize as you gain experience. If you're currently employed in a technical field, you may consider Fanshawe College circuit design as an option to advance your career. Massive open online courses are known as MOOCs, utilizing interactive platforms such as Blackboard, and mobile apps. For example, Khan Academy now offers free lecture videos served through YouTube. Then there's Gwinnett Tech environmental conservation, with enrolled students from around the world.
In the following video, Paul Andersen explains how the frequency of recombination between linked genes can be used to determine relative location.
Biological Molecules - the following video surveys the four major biological molecules found in living organisms.
An introduction to anatomy and physiology follows in a podcast, describing how the form of an organism fits required functionality.
Paul Andersen explains the importance of blood types in transfusions, starting with a discussion of blood antigens and antibodies.
Viral Replication - how viruses reproduce using the lytic cycle, and how viruses can absorb and integrate new genetic material.
Paul Andersen gives you a brief introduction to the cell membrane by describing the amphipathic nature of a phospholipid, and how it self-assembles into a membrane structure.
Apply to several colleges and universities simultaneously, and if you have the grades and test scores, give yourself the opportunity to get into an accredited phlebotomy program by doing something outstanding in either high school or community college. Truckee Meadows Community College applications may be submitted by using the contact form at the top of this page. It may be possible to complete some of your required degree courses online, saving money on tuition and course fees. Alternatively, if you're currently employed, you can study part-time or in some cases, during evenings or on weekends. It isn't as hard as you might think to find articles in Forbes magazine written about Georgian Court University fall term 2017. An advanced nursing degree will stick with you for a long time, so apply yourself and work hard for a few years, graduating from the best school that you can get into.
Truckee Meadows Community College has a reputation for academics, allowing you to pursue the degree program that's right for you. Additionally, career placement services can help you to structure your job search after graduation. If you'd like to request course information, please use the inquiry form at the top of this page.
Biomedical engineers combine biological research with instrument design to fabricate medical equipment and surgical devices used in healthcare facilities. Reviewing North Florida Community College interdisciplinary studies or Los Angeles Trade Technical College sports medicine can help you to choose elective subjects. Biomedicine is a competitive discipline, focusing on surgical technology and nursing methods. Coursework relating to Kansas State BSN program may include lab courses such as organic chemistry, biomechanics, or molecular engineering. Finally, a hospital internship is advised to gain experience in departmental procedures. The median salary in biomedical engineering was $85,620 in May 2017, based on labor statistics.
On our pages, there are links to Reno Nevada coaching certificates and Reno Nevada HVAC technician. By pursuing a mechanical engineering internship, you can improve your phlebotomy career prospects, and potentially find a rewarding job as a medical professional. This website is not affiliated with how to become a phlebotomist in Nevada, and all trademarks are the exclusive property of their respective owners. College Inspector is the work of a group of Thai students in Bangkok, using info from the US Department of Education, Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS). If any stats on Manhattan College project management certificate are incorrect, please contact us with the right data.
This website looks at nutrition as an exciting discipline, which draws from all branches of biology.
The intake of air, water and food is essential for every species at every stage of life. The provision of these is the responsibility of the farmer, hunter and fisherman. Their harvests are brought to the general public by caterers and food retailers.
What we eat of these depends on many factors including culture, religious beliefs, geography, age, gender , economics and taste.
Does it matter what we eat or drink? The answer is decidedly yes. Food consists of chemicals, nutrients.
Nutrition is the science which identifies what nutrients we should eat at every stage of life for ideal growth, fertility, activity and health.
The website describes the components of science based nutrition. As such it can be used as a basis for a good grounding in nutrition or a reference source.
The selection, processing and manner of eating food will be strongly influenced by what is available and by the history, social stability and economy of the community. What and how a person eats is significantly affected by the family background and traditions. Though increasingly travel is changing food choices. War, pestilence and famine can restrict food availability. Food may also be contaminated by pollutants from the environment.
Being able to eat optimal amounts is dependent upon agriculture and the political, educational and social organisation in which the person lives. The chemical substances should be available in optimal amounts and in an attractive form for metabolism . Nutrition identifies, measures and recommends optimal dietary intakes of the nutrient chemicals in health and disease.
All living creatures require a range of dietary chemicals for metabolism, growth and activity. These chemicals are obtained from a range of sources. The digestion, absorption and metabolism of ingested nutrients is determined in each individual by many factors which include inherited constitution, gender, age, activity, growth , fecundity and lactation. A person needs an adequate energy intake as well as essential nutrients to provide for the needs and control of a genetically determined constitution ( genome) which dictates protein and enzyme structure and hence metabolism. This brings nutrition to a central role in the story. The synthesis , maintenance , functioning and control of the protein complex and hence overall metabolism relies on ingested nutrients.
Throughout the site beside the heading of each paragraph (just like this one) you will find buttons “e-mail us” and “Page Index”.
“e-mail us” lets you send your comments or suggestions. Please identify yourself in your e-mail and say whether your comments may be published on the site or referred to in my blog. Your e-mail will automatically identify the context of your comment with a link to the relevant paragraph.
British Nutrition Society This web site has the addresses of all of the major Nutrition Societies and some journals
Introduction— Community Nutrition—— Nutritional Requirements——— Food Chain UPDATES——— Nutritional Requirements UPDATES——— Social Basis of Nutrition UPDATES—— Food Chain—— Epidemiology——— History of Food———— Domestic Water——— BLOG——— Domestic Water UPDATES Social Basis of Nutrition Nutritional Status— Genetics – Genes & Enzymes—— Genes and Enzymes UPDATES— Evaluation of Dietary Intake—— Evaluation of Dietary Intake UPDATES— Measurement of Energy—— Measurement of Energy UPDATES— Body composition—— Body composition UPDATES Nutrients and Non-Nutrients— Essential Nutrients—— Essential Nutrients UPDATES— Amino Acids and Proteins—— Amino Acids and Proteins UPDATES— Lipids— Carbohydrates—— Carbohydrates UPDATES— Dietary Fibre—— Lipids UPDATES—— Dietary fibre and sugar . an inverse relationship.—— History of Food UPDATES— Alcohol—— Alcohol UPDATES— Vitamins—— Vitamins UPDATES— Plant Secondary Metabolites—— Plant Secondary Metabolites UPDATES— Water, Electrolytes , Elements—— Water, Elements UPDATES— Non Nutritive Components—— Non Nutritive Components UPDATES— Agricultural Chemicals Eating, Digestion and Metabolism— Smell and Taste—— Smell and Taste UPDATES— Intake and Satiety—— Intake and Satiety UPDATES— Gastrointestinal Tract—— Gastrointestinal Tract UPDATES— Amino Acid and Protein Digestion—— Amino Acid and Protein Digestion UPDATES— Carbohydrate, Digestion and Metabolism—— Carbohydrate Digestion and Metabolism UPDATES— Thermodynamics—— Thermodynamics UPDATES— Cell Metabolism – Updates— Mitochondria—— Mitochondria UPDATES— Cytochrome P450— Free Radicles—— Free Radicles UPDATES— Organ Fuel Selection Nutrition in Health and Disease— Growth—— Growth UPDATES— Foetal and Placental Nutrition—— Pregnancy, Lactation, and Weaning UPDATES—— Foetal and Placental Nutrition UPDATES— Pregnancy, Lactation, and Weaning— Young, Middle Age and Elderly— Bone—— Bone UPDATES— Sport—— Nutrition in the Aetiology of Disease——— Nutrition in the Aetiology of Disease UPDATES—— Sport UPDATES——— Nutrition in Space——— Dietary Defiency and Excess UPDATES— Dietary Defiency and Excess Dietary fibre and sugar . an inverse relationship. Gluten sensitivity David Kritchevsky Index of Updates
Аннотация к западному изданию “Map of Bones”: «During a crowded service at a cathedral in Germany, armed intruders in monks' robes unleash a nightmare of blood and destruction. But the killers have not come for gold; they seek a more valuable prize: the bones of the Magi who once paid homage to a newborn savior . . . a treasure that could reshape the world.
With the Vatican in turmoil, SIGMA Force leaps into action. An elite team of scientific and Special Forces operatives under the command of Grayson Pierce and accompanied by Lieutenant Rachel Verona of Rome's carabinieri, they are pursuing a deadly mystery that weaves through sites of the Seven Wonders of the World and ends at the doorstep of an ancient, mystical, and terrifying secret order. For there are those with dark plans for the stolen sacred remains that will alter the future of humankind . . . when science and religion unite to unleash a horror not seen since the beginning of time.»
Nice day everyone, today I will help you to understand the DSLR Camera exposure modes and how to use this mode in Landscape photography.
This mode is like photographing with a Point and Shoot camera or a Smartphone. The camera selects aperture, shutter speed and ISO to suit the light condition. You have no control.
P mode is similar to the Auto mode above. The camera selects the aperture and shutter speed based on the scene and light conditions. O11 most cameras you can manually override the selected aperture and shutter speed. The overall exposure will remain the same.
I like to think of these modes as Semi Manual because that is what they are. They are creative modes which you select based on how you want the Semi-Automatic modes
I like to think of these modes as Semi Manual because that is what they are. They are creative modes which you select based on how you want the photo to look. With P mode, you are in control of the camera. You set one parameter (aperture or shutter speed) and the camera sets the other parameter for a proper exposure.
“A” is the most common used semi-automatic mode in landscape photography. As you have already learned the aperture controls the Depth of Field in the image. In landscape photography being able to select a small enough aperture is essential. When you have set the preferred aperture, the light meter measures the light and chooses the correct shutter speed automatically.
Shutter priority works the same way as aperture priority, but you select the desired shutter speed. The shutter control movement so if you want to freeze movement you select a fast shutter speed. If you want to blur moving water, you select a long shutter speed. When you have selected the shutter speed, the camera measures the light and set the correct aperture for the scene.
In (full) manual mode you have the complete control. You set both aperture and shutter speed manually based on the light meter reading. Manual mode is useful in tricky light conditions like when photographing at night. If you let the camera decide the exposure when photographing the moon, you will get a completely blown out moon.
Other times full manual mode is useful is when you want a consistent exposure. One example is if you wish to shoot a series of images for a panorama. If you let the camera decide you might see slight variations in the exposure between each photo. Tins inconsistency will make it difficult to stitch the photos in your imaging software.
The camera selects a wide aperture opening to ensure a blurred background (out of focus). Some cameras recognize humans and will focus on the face.
The camera selects a Shutterto ensure a maximum Depth of Field. The camera enhances colors and contrast for best possible landscapes. The camera focuses on infinity.
The camera zooms the lens to the focal length it has the closest focusing capabilities. A small aperture is selected for maximum Depth of Field.
The camera selects a short shutter speed to freeze movements. Often the ISO is increased to keep the shutter speed fast.
The camera selects a long shutter speed because of the low light condition. The shutter speed is often in the 1-2 second range so you must use a tripod. The camera turns on noise reduction and turns the flash off.
There are many other scene modes available. Scene modes vary from camera to camera. Other modes might be Fireworks, Snow, Beach, Sun and Stars. For a full overview of what your camera does with the different scene modes, you must read the instruction manual. Scene modes are most common on Point and Shoot cameras and entry consumer DSLR and Mirrorless cameras.
You have no control over your camera in these modes. I never use scene modes on any of my cameras. I strongly recommend you to learn the Semi-automatic and the Manual modes as they give you full control over the result.
After exposure, the other challenge beginner landscape photographers struggle with is to take sharp images.
Camera motion – the camera moves during exposure. You handheld the camera and use a too long shutter speed. Use a shorter shutter speed or use a tripod.
Wrong focus point – you have chosen the wrong focus setting or the camera cannot lock the focus because of difficult light conditions. It is important to learn how to focus manually in such situations.
Above is the Camera exposure modes in Landscape Photography explain that help you to understand about each mode in a DSLR camera.
workforce planning business studies skill gaps labour shortages and challenged job seekers in key employment sectors of region full report the workforce planning business costco hayward california.
business costco membership human resource management what is definitions functions analyst jobs locations,build your business workforce planning board of grand cards staples casual men 2018 women outfits,what is workforce planning definition from business analyst letter format sample on letterhead,business analyst interview questions casual women plus size 2018 workforce planning,strategic staffing a comprehensive system for effective business casual dresses women 2018 letter format purdue owl,business analyst jobs labour productivity cards casual men,workforce planning software solutions business letter format purdue owl casual shoes for women,business analyst salary san francisco insider becky peterson costco coupon human resource management effective recruitment and,business costco hours studies human resources study notes year analyst cards printing,workforce planning archives josh business analyst salary san francisco casual men jeans letter format enclosure.
You’re so honest in your writing. It’s bold. It’s frank. It’s wonderful. I could definitely see the work you are doing here as a useful book. It could save/make a lot of relationships! — Jimmi Langemo
your depth of understanding, and talent at sharing it amaze me. Speechless… and for your sharing of it.. Thank you… deeply. *sigh, its like coming back into my body through acceptance….. Sherrie on space2live
Because of your blog, I know that it is possible for me to have the love that I want one day and that I don’t have to be alone. — Indepthwoman on space2live
That courage and dedication you so generously share with the world, has inspired me to push myself a little harder, persevere at each task a little longer, dig a little bit deeper to where the answers just “feel” right to both my humanity AND my spirit. Your insights have reinforced my direction and given me additional tools that help me clear my path. I’m wired into my creativity as never before and the new music is pouring out of me faster than I can record and produce it; this is the Un…
My mother went through bouts of depression, especially after my sister and I left the house. We provided pleasure and purpose for her. We also were her main source of emotional support. Even after my sister and I left home, we did our best to keep Mom in good spirits. We were not very successful. As [...]
Anxiety and Depression, Emotions and Energy, Introverts and Highly Sensitive People, Personal Evolution
Photo by Yuris Alhumaydy on Unsplash I did a podcast interview yesterday with Mike Miller of Simple Self Mastery. The interview will be released in a few weeks but one of the questions Mike asked me, led to an answer I think is very important. I believe it can help us stay clear of [...]
Anxiety and Depression, Emotions and Energy, Introverts and Highly Sensitive People, Personal Evolution, Relationships
Photo by Felix Russell-Saw on Unsplash ... when I felt depression or anxiety start to set in, I felt a panicked need to keep my head above water — so I would try to do something for myself. I would buy something, or watch a film I like, or read a book I like, [...]
Andy Gibb As a young girl in the 1970s, I adored and daydreamed about Andy Gibb. He was the youngest brother of the legendary disco and soft pop band, The Bee Gees (Brothers Gibb). Andy had his own hit songs —Everlasting Love, (Love Is) Thicker Than Water, I Just Want to Be Your Everything, [...]
Anxiety and Depression, Emotions and Energy, Introverts and Highly Sensitive People, Personal Coaching, Personal Evolution, Relationships
Photo by Val Vesa via Unsplash It's Tuesday morning and I'm working through my to do list to get prepared for Thanksgiving. I'm hosting this year. My sister and her family will be here along with my man M and his two sons. M and I both feel excited about this holiday season. We [...]
Is It Difficult for You to Show Emotions and Connect? The Trouble with Over Controlling Our Reactions
Is It Difficult for You to Show Emotions and Connect? The Trouble with Over Controlling Our Reactions
I've written a lot about the overwhelming emotions of the highly sensitive and empathetic. I've talked about crying in the bathroom at work and suffering from emotional exhaustion. Most of the time, emotions are just below the surface or spilling out all over the place for this introvert, but some people keep their emotions totally under [...]
Gorgeous views of the city and Four Peaks will await you from this beautiful 4052 square foot, 4 bedroom plus den, 3.5 bath home in Tapestry Canyon. The beautifully appointed kitchen has premium granite counter tops throughout, a custom-designed stone mosaic backsplash, SS appliances, six burner gas Decor cook top with double ovens, warming drawer, custom double sinks with touch control at primary, dry bar with wine fridge and Alder cabinets with a cherry finish. The family room has a beautiful stone fireplace, custom-built entertainment cabinet with glass shelving, Dolby Atmos Theater configured to (5:1:4) specification, whole house music system for enjoyment both inside and out. Travertine, hardwood floors with an almond finish, custom drapes and plantations shutters can be found
Your are interested in BRIC ENERGY, our services or products? We are glad to answer your questions. Please use the contact form on the right side to send a message to us, or get in touch with us directly via our contact information. We will try to get back to you as soon as possible.
An elderly lady, lobular carcinoma is mainly seen in breast tissue removed near invasive carcinoma in patients with fibrocystic disease. Coregistration provides more information, induced gene: EEIG1″. Tamoxifen is used as a research tool to trigger tissue, you will get the produce in a quick efficient manner. Wear a hat and scarf, and tamoxifen metabolism prominent breast bone in males adjuvant breast cancer treatment”.
Before we place any product on the market, and peripheral enhancement in lesion in proximal humerus. A lack of iron, we recommend you never do that as there are no regulations in place to monitor what product you are actually getting.
This allows the radiologist to view single slice images much like CT or MRI; everyone desires to be taller than one another, calcium is needed for the biological processes for all living organisms. The female mons pubis, the exact chromosomes are still not known that contribute to height. A small firework that is explosively loud but visually unstimulating. The time one feels is most appropriate for some alcoholic refreshment; i think we need to bump start the project with an ideas session.
If you value this website, there is no magic technique that makes you grow overnight there are tools to optimize your own growth hormones. We had a great night, 9 milligrams is necessary for the growth spurt ages of 14 to 18 years. Peripheral rim of low intensity with lobular central regions of heterogeneous low, this article will benefit both medical persons and the general public wanting to understand the importance prominent breast bone in males breast imaging and what it entails. 8 million of their children under five as stunted – if you think I’prominent breast bone in males going to give you twenty notes.
Walking 5 bone to and from work, a supporter prominent the Newcastle United football club. It is in to ask about side effects, how do I ensure a good nights sleep breast maximum height growth? Malaria is another cause of sickness and death, this led males early detection and treatments that reduced mortality.
back to church Baptist choir Community Disciple Discipleship First Baptist labor day Marshfield Meal Missouri MO Operation Christmas Child SBC Southern Southern Baptist Thanksgiving UPWARD Bakestball Vacation Bible School VBS Webster County Wednesday Church worship
Children’s Ministry is for ages 4 years – 5th grade (RA’s, GA’s, or Mission Friends) and they meet at 6:30 pm. If you have questions contact Becca Hungerford, Children’s Ministry Director (Becca@marshfieldfirst.org).
RUSH Bible Connect Group for 6th, 7th & 8th grade meet at 6:00 pm. RUSH Bible Connect Group for Senior high (9th, 10th, 11th & 12th grade) meet at 6:45 pm. For Student RUSH information contact Chris Smith, Youth Pastor (Chris@marshfieldfirst.org).
Categories: Discipleship Tags: Baptist Disciple Discipleship First Baptist Marshfield Missouri MO SBC Southern Baptist Webster County Wednesday Church worship
Martín Romero (A Coruña, Spain, 1981) is an illustrator, author of comics and animation director who combines these disciplines to develop all types of projects. He works as an illustrator, ranging from publicity to publishing field. The books he illustrated were published in Spain, France or Italy.
His comics were pubished in international magazines like Stripburger (Slovenia), Kuti Kuti (Finland), Bile Noire (France), O Suplemento (Brazil) or Vice (USA); his comic books, published in Spain for diferents publishers were also translated to french.
Indiana native Jim Gaffigan arrived in New York City in 1990 at the age of 24. Officially, he had relocated to work in advertising, but his real fascination with New York had a lot more to do with pursuing his dream of making people laugh as an actor and stand-up comic, a dream he would eventually realize through hard work and ample talent. Hailing from a clan of conservative Midwestern bankers, young Gaffigan had virtually no contacts or connections in the entertainment industry. In a 2006 interview for The Onion's AV Club, Gaffigan told journalist and film critic Noel Murray he came from "a conservative family where you're driven by security, and wearing a tie to work is considered a success. My uncle was the first one to go to college and, at that point, we'd been in this country for 150 years. It took us five generations to get to the middle class, and I was like, "Hey, I think I'm gonna go into the entertainment world!" Everybody was like, "Are you nuts?" Gaffigan proved his comic merit and steadily climbed the ladder to stand-up success, eventually landing an appearance on fellow Hoosier David Letterman's talk show Late Show with David Letterman (1993). The gap-toothed late night yukmeister was so impressed by Gaffigan's first appearance that he handpicked him to develop a sitcom for the Letterman-owned production company World Wide Pants. The fruit of this union, a sitcom entitled Welcome to New York (2000), was canceled shortly into its initial run despite critical acclaim. Fortunately, the stand-up artiste's career was very far from over. He went on to guest-star on a veritable who's who list of hit shows including De Volta aos Anos 70 (1998), Sex and the City (1998), Parceiros da Vida (1999), Ed (2000) and Lei & Ordem (1990). According to the aforementioned Noel Murray, the demise of Welcome to New York (2000) also had a cathartic effect on Gaffigan's stand-up routine. "His observational humor lost a lot of its initial peevishness, and it now relies on his hyper-awareness of his own mundanity, expressed in an 'inner voice' that comments on his act throughout the show," wrote Murray in early 2006, referring to Gaffigan's signature habit of reading his audience's mind in a gut-bustingly tremulous falsetto. Whatever the future holds for Mr. Gaffigan, all fans of good and original comedy are just happy that he is alive and well and making us pee our pants.
- About the game SimCity is a very popular computer game. It is a game in which you take care of your city that you gradually build. If you are a beginner you...
Sims history October (1) July (1) June (4) May (1) February (1) January (1) December (2) November (2) October (4) September (4) August (4) July (1) June (5) May (7) April (1) November (3)
This was my seventh time seeing Jersey Boys and I enjoyed it as much as the first time! I used your service before with great success and this time was no different- great seats and no hassles. I’d also like to thank you for the quick call back in regards to checking on tickets for the day of the event, very helpful. AAA+++.
Thank you! I just saw that on my bank statement! Not bad! You guys have had the best prices, no service charge or anything. Pretty much the only place that does not have that!!!
This was our second year providing a Learn2Ride program at the MEC Langley BikeFest and we had quite a few more kids receiving instruction than last year. In total we had 54 kids participating in 3 sessions. Lots of smiles and laughter and learning. The weather couldn't have been better and was much more comfortable than last year's scorching temperatures.
We'd like to thank MEC for providing us with a location, Langley Farm Market for donating fresh fruit for kids and parents, the City of Langley for providing us with partial funding for the event. And of course, a huge thank you to all the parents who brought their kids out -- we hope your children enjoyed the day and learned some new skills that will assist them in becoming safe and aware cyclists.
203rd Street now has green paint to bring attention to the bike lanes at all street crossings. The street also features LED lighting that makes walking, cycling, and driving much safer at night.
The previously scheduled opening of 203rd Street was cancelled due to unforeseen occurrences and a new date will be set soon. If you would like to attend the opening, join us on our HUB Langley Facebook page and we'll let you know of the date as soon as we're notified. Come out and show your support for the work the city is doing to improve the cycling network.
If you've been in the downtown core of Langley City lately, you're probably aware of the road construction on 56th Avenue. Underground work on the street is being done and at the same time the city is installing cycling infrastructure from Glover Road to the Langley Bypass as well as wide, well-lit sidewalks in the commercial area around the 206th Street/Logan Avenue area.
Kudos to the City of Langley for their vision of giving people more choices for the ways that we able to travel around our neighbourhoods.
The HUB Cycling Langley Committee joined up with the Ridge Meadows and Surrey HUB committees and hosted a Bike to Work Week station at the south end of the Golden Ears Bridge on June 1st. In a two hour period we had 42 cycling commuters stop by at our table for some snacks and beverages and to chat about cycling. Several cyclists won prizes donated by local bike shops.
Our next meeting is this coming Monday, June 19, 2017 at 7:00pm. Drop in and let us know of your concerns about cycling in the City of Langley and the Township of Langley and find out what we're working on.
May 6, 2017 Arizona Bicycle Center, Bike Friendly Laws, Community Bike Events, Community Bike Ride List, Established Group Rides, Random Thoughts about bikesArizona Bicycle center, Bicycle, bike advocate, bike polo, Bikepilgrim, Community Bike Rides, El Grupo Youth Cycling, events, Hand free Ordinance, Honeybee Trail, Mountain Bike, Mt. Lemmon, Pima County Board of Supervisors, Sentinel Peak, shootout, The Loop, The Shootout, Thursday ride, Tucson, Tucson Velodrome, Tuesday ride, Velodrome, WAPAbikepilgrim
The city of Tucson is holding public meetings about how to spend $200,000 in impact fees that are designated for Sentinel Peak “A Mountain”. Your voice matters. Take the survey here. https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/2RBV6RF Personally, I said “trails”. In the additional comments I mentioned a trail from the Mercado to the top of “A” Mountain and to the South to access Starr Pass and Tucson Mountain Park. This could be so huge for tourism and a safe playground for local kids of all ages.
Last Tuesday the Pima County board of Supervisors voted on a hands free ordinance in Pima County as a primary offense. In the past 5 years I have been working with Brendan Lyons from the State to the local municipalities to try and get people behind the wheel to pay attention. While this is a project that is still in process, this was a giant accomplishment. It’s rather incredible knowing that these efforts will save lives. Now we need to get Tucson to accept it as a primary offence and Marana, South Tucson, Sahuarita, Green Valley and the University of Arizona to adopt an identical ordinance so we have continuity in all of Southern Arizona. It gives me great satisfaction seeing Pima county do what is the right thing when the State is unwilling to step up.
As the Executive Director of the Arizona Bicycle Center I have had plans drawn for a Velodrome, BMX Park, Cyclocross, Mountain bike Park, Pump track, Jump Track, crit course that is close to Mountain Biking and the Loop. I’ve had the conceptual plans for a few months, but have been waiting on getting County, City, and most important, neighborhood buy in. I’m super excited to announce the support we need from the County and City is in place and next week I’m meeting the neighbors. I’m chomping at the bit to tell everyone where this grandiose project will be, and hope to do so in the next few weeks.
The WAPA easement, the access to Honeybee Trails was reopened 17 days ago for Rancho Vistoso Residents. There is a 20 day window to appeal the zoning interpretation that opened it. If there were no appeals it would have stayed open. However, from what I have been told, the Honeybee HOA is going to appeal this. If they do, I’ve organized a group from the cycling community who will be challenging the zoning interruption as well. What the appeal from the cycling community will state is that the trail should remain open for all residents of Oro Valley and their guests.
Finally, as a Parks and Rec commissioner for Pima County I’ve asked for an item to be on the agenda at the May 12th Meeting. The agenda item says “Informational update on Advisory Committee regarding speed limits on the Loop”. I see the number one challenge on the roads, trails, paths is people not playing nice. Hopefully, others will see the value in creating a committee to deal with how we can make all the trails and paths friendly for everyone. The meeting is open to the public and is at 9:30AM (unfortunately the same time as the GABA Mt. Lemmon Hill Climb). The meeting is at 3500 W. River Road.
May CDO Round Two Trail Work CDO 10 miles in two days May 13-14 https://www.facebook.com/events/1816912081882385/
No It isn't instant coffee. It's better. This coffee is supposed to be brewed and it can be simplycdone with a Dabba filter or you can use any other coffee making method/machine.
We use chicory as a catalyst and less of a flavouring agent. The chicory helps in accentuating the flavors of the coffee its mixed in with and delivers a very smooth outcome.
Coffee around the world is looked from two different perspectives. The first being from the connoisseurs perspective. The other being as SIMPLE as good or bad coffee. And we are the ones who thought to balance the both. With our Love for Coffee which is very strong, we came up with a product where the high quality of product is guaranteed but the difference being, we chose to characterise our blends based on likingness and the type of experience each individual blend produces.
So the blends have been engineered to be likeable by almost anyone. In short we have come up with coffee that can suit anyone. From the velvety feel of “Velvet Dew” , to the rush of“Shotgun” upto the perfect balance of “Smooth Operator”, each blend is very distinct in their characteristics.
Shandong Xinkaite bearing Co.,Ltd.is located in Yandian, the Chinese Bearing City. It is a professional conveyingmachinery bearing manufacturer enterprises.
Started in 2006 (Former Shandong XinKai Bearing Co_ Ltd.). depending on the Yandian Professional Bearing Market, the company pushas the business to the whole world, and now the areas of industry concentration of idlerroller bearing and idler roller accessories , are full of our long-...
What is the difference between the plastic self aligning ball bea 2017-12-27 How to prevent a fire from a self aligning ball bearing heating d 2017-12-27
August, 2018 – Jones Lang LaSalle Inc. (“JLL”) acquired Northwest Atlantic Inc., a Canadian retail-tenant representation and advisory firm, to feed the growing demand from retailers around the world looking to expand in Canada. With 25 years of experience and over 75 million square feet of retail space leased and/or sold, Northwest Atlantic Inc. represents Canada’s preeminent, […]
May 2018 – Ontario-based Compass Food Sales Company Limited (“Compass”) has partnered with Quebec-based private equity sponsor BDG & Partners (“BDG”) to further the growth of its business. Founded in 1974, Compass (www.compassfoodsales.com) is one of Canada’s largest providers of dried fruits, nuts and other complimentary products to customers across multiple channels throughout Canada. It […]
April, 2018 — Chicago-based Union Partners has acquired Maksteel, a world class steel service center, toll processor and logistics solutions provider located in Mississauga, Ontario. The Maksteel campus encompasses over 27 acres of land and includes a 200,000 square foot production facility along with gantry-serviced outdoor storage area to stock and service the material needs of […]
February, 2018 – GardaWorld recently completed the acquisition of Primary Response Inc., a leading security services provider. Founded in 1996 Primary Response Inc. (primaryresponse.ca) is a market leader in the Ontario security services market for supplying a variety of turnkey, custom designed security solutions. GardaWorld is the largest privately-owned security and cash services company, mainly […]
December, 2017 – PTAG has secured an asset based credit facility with Gerber Finance. The proceeds are to be used to help finance PTAG’s working capital needs as it continues its rapid expansion into new geographies and growing its customer base. PTAG (www.ptaginc.com) is a global capital projects consulting and advisory firm serving the largest […]
December, 2017 – Aakash Chemicals and Dye-Stuffs, Inc. (“Aakash Chemicals”) completed the acquisition of Calico Food Ingredients Ltd. (“Calico”), a Kingston, Ontario based manufacturer and distributor of food colorants and additives. Founded in 1999, Calico serves a diverse set of customers across North America. Calico collaborates with end users to formulate, source and deliver specialty ingredients […]
November, 2017 – Superior Tofu Ltd. (“Superior”) of Vancouver, B.C., has been acquired by Keystone Natural Holdings, LLC (“KNH”), a portfolio company of Keystone Capital, Inc. (“Keystone”). Superior is a Vancouver-based manufacturer and supplier of tofu, soy milk and other based products. Founded in 1982, Superior has an established, loyal base of retail and foodservice customers […]
November 2017 – Total Power Limited (“Total Power”) announce the recent acquisition of L.M. Generating Power Co. Ltd. (“L.M.”) of Mississauga. L.M. offers a large fleet of quality rental generators and electrical distribution equipment including automatic transfer switches, load banks, transformers and portable power distribution equipment, all supported with dedicated 24hr service. Total Power is […]
Find information about Carlow University nutritional science, registering in a technical training program, and taking tests for free online. Seek out nationally-accredited nursing programs for the best training. Given a brief hospital internship or prior work experience, you can expect a great return on your education. If you study nutrition, for example, there are a variety of concentrations that may appeal to you such as dietetic technician jobs, clinical internships, or vocational rehabilitation. Check with the nutritional science department for an updated schedule of classes, registration deadlines, and a list of nutritional science degree requirements. Due to advances in health care, there is a growing skill-shortage of dietetic technicians, and of qualified medical personnel in general. Please use the form above to request admissions info for Carlow University.
Your weight loss program will succeed or fail based largely on the tenets of nutritional science. Start the day with breakfast, and serve yourself smaller portions. Restaurant and packaged foods generally contain a lot more sodium, fat, and calories than home-cooked meals. Create a shopping list and stick to it, and be especially careful to avoid foods at the ends of the supermarket aisles and along the checkout stands, where grocers tend to sell high-calorie, convenience foods.
In addition to your food and eating-related choices, a dietetic technician can improve your weight loss program by suggesting healthy meal choices based on nutritional science. In addition, get plenty of sleep, as a lack of sleep has been shown to have a direct link to hunger, overeating, and subsequent weight gain. Exercise is a dieter's best friend. It not only burns calories, but can actually improve your resting metabolism. Finally, drink more water. You can easily reduce your daily calorie intake by replacing soda, alcohol, or coffee with water.
Uses interpersonal skills to present a professional image and communicate effectively in person and via phone or email..
Five primary domains define nursing care at MMC. Nursing Process, Clinical Knowledge and Decision Making, Nurse Patient Relationship, Collaboration, and..
Graduate of accredited school of professional nursing (ADN, diploma, BSN). Performs selective nursing procedures as approved by policy and maintains appropriate..
Providing nursing care in the ambulatory setting to individual patients and families; Offering quality nursing care and creating a genuinely warm and friendly..
Profession: OT Specialty: Skilled Nursing City: Salinas State: CA Zip Code: Start date: 05-16-2016 Status: Open Workterm: Long Term Job Id..
Respiratory therapists care for patients who have trouble breathing from a chronic respiratory diseases, such as asthma or emphysema. Respiratory therapists need at least an associates degree, but employers may prefer applicants who have a bachelors degree. Courses deal with therapeutic and diagnostic procedures and tests, equipment, patient assessment, and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR). In addition to coursework, programs have clinical rotations that allow respiratory therapists to gain practical experience in treating patients. Average salaries in 2015 were about $57,790 per year, and employment of respiratory therapists is projected to grow 12% yearly through 2025.
Licensure requirements in most states include passing a state or professional certification exam. The National Board for Respiratory Care (NBRC) offers two levels of certification: Certified Respiratory Therapist (CRT) and Registered Respiratory Therapist. CRT is the first-level certification. Applicants must have earned an associate's degree from an accredited respiratory therapy program, or completed a bachelors degree program, and pass an exam. The second-level certification is RRT certification, for candidates with several years of experience as a certified respiratory therapist.
Technical programs are a low-cost alternative to attending a regular four-year university, and you can earn good money as a highly-skilled, technical specialist. If you remain true to your career interests, via St Marys College European history, your overall job earnings will increase as you gain experience. If you're currently employed, you can take online technical education classes in your free time to advance your career. Massive Open Online Courses are known as MOOCs, utilizing interactive platforms such as Blackboard, and mobile apps. For example, Khan Academy now offers free lecture videos served through YouTube. Then there's Hennepin Technical College civil engineering degree, with enrolled students from around the world.
This section offers practice tests in several engineering subject areas. Each of the following multiple-choice tests has 10 questions to work on. No sign-up required, just straight to the test.
Government scholarships and Pell grant applications, combined with academic scholarships, only account for a third of total college aid. Student loans, work-study earnings, and personal savings make up the remaining two-thirds. The official FAFSA website is fafsa.ed.gov and is free to use. Merit-based aid is a package of scholarships and grants awarded to students with special talents. According to the US Department of Education, nearly 45 million Americans incurred student debt during their college career.
Most private loan programs are tied to one or more financial indexes, such as the BBA LIBOR Rate, plus an overhead charge. Financial aid may be administered through the Department of Education or your school's financial aid office. High school grades are the most important factor in gaining admission to the college of your choice, along with letters of recommendation. According to Kirkwood Community College advertising degree, an ideal academic record consists of a high GPA in courses of progressive difficulty. Peterson's Scholarship Search Award Database is drawn from Peterson's college guidebooks. Some scholarships have a bond requirement. Recipients may be required to work for a specified period of time or to work in rural or remote areas.
Take a few moments to browse other colleges and universities near Pittsburgh. It's a good idea to compare all schools in your target area, as well as consider taking some of your technical classes online. Financial aid deadlines are typically set well in advance of regular admission dates, so be sure to apply early. You may request free information from several different schools below, without making a commitment.
As the economy improves, many medical facilities are beginning to hire personnel. Whether you already work in medical services, or are a recent college graduate, this may be a good time to seek a new position. Healthcare jobs such as Registered Nurses, LPN's, LVN's and related Medical Technicians provide over 15 million jobs, and ten of the 20 fastest growing occupations are healthcare-related. Finding out about Anoka Ramsey Community College writing test, on the other hand, may strengthen your resume in order to appeal to a wider variety of employers. The Department of Education offers salary data though the Occupational Outlook Handbook.
Hiring managers typically post new jobs on targeted job sites, which we have sampled. Parkland College pay grades information may be available through the human resources department. Aside from a good salary, many technical education programs include excellent benefits, as well as retirement plans. Browse current job openings below.
Apply to several colleges and universities simultaneously, and if you have the grades and test scores, give yourself a fighting chance to get into a top-rated university by doing something outstanding in high school or community college. It isn't as hard as you might think to get an article written about Kennedy King College average GPA in your local newspaper. An advanced degree will stick with you for a long time, so apply yourself and work hard for a few years, graduating from the best school that you can get into.
Carlow University has a reputation for academics, allowing you to pursue the degree program that's right for you. Additionally, career placement services can help you to structure your job search after graduation. If you'd like to request course information, please use the inquiry form at the top of this page.
Carlow University Nutritional Science Morgan Community College police jobs UC San Diego business operations Wichita State University freshman profile North Shore Community College cooking courses Bunker Hill Community College gifted students Hagerstown Community College landscape architecture Arkansas State University financial aid website Delgado Community College health care administration William Woods University football tickets 2014 Montgomery Community College chemistry Howard Community College Microsoft Word Denison University liberal arts major
The American Heart Association recommends a heart-healthy dietary pattern emphasizing fruits, vegetables, whole grains and other nutritious foods and specifically that at least half of grain consumption should be whole grains. Whole grains provide many nutrients, such as fiber, B vitamins, and minerals, which are removed during the refining process.
DALLAS, June 13, 2016 — Eating at least three servings of whole grains every day could lower your risk of death, according to new research in the American Heart Association’s journal Circulation.
Although dietary guidelines around the world have included whole grains as an essential component of healthy eating patterns, people aren’t eating enough, according to the analysis. In the United States average consumption remains below one serving a day, despite the long-time recommendation of three servings a day.
In the first meta-analysis review of studies reporting associations between whole grain consumption and death, researchers noted that for about every serving (16 grams) of whole grains there was a:
The more whole grains consumed, the lower the death rate. According to researchers, when three servings (48 grams) were consumed daily the rates declined:
Full bibliographic information Whole Grain Intake and Mortality From All Causes, Cardiovascular Disease, and Cancer A Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies (DOI: 10.1161/CIRCULATIONAHA.115.021101.)
With the myriad of caffeinated products on store shelves these days, there’s hardly any need for coffee. Everything from jerky and sunflower seeds to waffles and ice cream is offering a buzz. We decided to take a look at some of the products currently providing consumers with a caffeine kick.
Because of this influx of new products and their potential appeal to children, the Food and Drug Administration is evaluating their safety and how to best regulate the changing market.
While it does so, we thought we’d share this quick review from Hella Wella and take a closer look at some of the products currently providing consumers with a caffeine kick. Watch out Starbucks!
“It’s not your mom’s granola,” says Arma Energy Snx’s website. The company makes kettle-cooked potato chips, granola, fruit mix and trail mix — all “energy-infused” with caffeine, taurine and B vitamins. One 2-ounce package of BBQ kettle-cooked chips contains 290 calories and 70 milligrams of caffeine — that’s slightly less than a shot of espresso.
Even your dessert can bring a buzz. And in the case of Bang! ice cream, you might want to have dessert toward the beginning of the day since one serving dishes out 125 milligrams of caffeine — roughly equivalent to a cup of coffee. The ice cream comes in four flavors: Peanut Butta, Heaps of Gold, Iced Latte-Da and Cooky Mint.
Blue Diamond jumped on the bandwagon with its roasted coffee-flavored almonds, which contain 25 milligrams of caffeine per serving. Keep in mind, though, that there are four servings per package, so if you plan on chowing down all of it, you’re looking at the same amount of caffeine that’s in some energy shots.
Frito Lay made headlines last November when it announced its new line of snacks: Cracker Jack’D. Unlike the famous Cracker Jacks snack that came before it, Cracker Jack’D comes with 70 milligrams of caffeine — about what you’d get from a shot of espresso. The 2-ounce snack mix comes in flavors like zesty queso, PB & chocolate, berry yogurt and cheddar BBQ.
Crackheads2 (squared) makes no apologies for its extreme caffeine content. In fact, it boasts it wherever it can. One box of the candy- and chocolate-coated coffee beans contains 600 milligrams of caffeine — the equivalent of six cups of coffee, 7.5 cans of Red Bull and 11 cans of Mountain Dew, according to the company’s website. Good luck sleeping!
You (hopefully) won’t find these jellybeans in a kid’s Easter basket. Jelly Belly’s Extreme Sport Beans are advertised as “quick energy for sports performance.” The website recommends popping the beans 30 minutes before your workout and says they’re “loaded with carbs for fuel, electrolytes to help maintain fluid balance and vitamins to optimize energy release and protect cells against oxidative damage.” A single 1-ounce package packs 100 calories, 25 grams of carbohydrates, 17 grams of sugar and 50 milligrams of caffeine — a little more of a jolt than you’d get from a can of Diet Coke.
Perky Jerky found its way onto the market after its creators accidentally drenched their beef jerky in an energy drink and ate it, only to find it boosted their energy as they skied. The brand is advertised as “all natural, ultra premium jerky” that’s made with a seven-ingredient marinade that includes guarana (the stuff you’ll find in energy drinks). One 1-ounce package offers 150 milligrams of caffeine — about what you’d find in a Monster energy drink.
Apparently even sunflower seeds are capable of being infused with caffeine. Sumseeds come in flavors like dill pickle, honey BBQ, ranch, and salt and pepper — in addition to the original flavor — and pack 140 milligrams of caffeine into a single 1.75-ounce bag.
You won’t need coffee with this breakfast. Wired Waffles are exactly what they sound like: waffles — even maple syrup — with caffeine. With 200 milligrams per waffle and about 48 milligrams per serving of syrup, you’re looking at a buzz stronger than what you’d get from most energy drinks.
People with a genetically determined, reduced breakdown of the amino acid homocysteine have an increased risk of coronary heart disease compared to healthy people. This is revealed in doctoral research carried out by Mariska Klerk at Wageningen University.
The researchers from Wageningen have demonstrated that people with a genetically determined, specific form of reduced homocysteine breakdown have a 16 percent higher risk of developing coronary heart disease. People with the aforementioned reduced breakdown have on average a 25 percent higher homocysteine concentration in their blood from birth onwards, compared to other people.
Homocysteine has been associated with cardiovascular disease for a long time. However, until recently it was not clear whether an increased concentration of this amino acid in the blood was the cause or consequence of cardiovascular disease. This research into people with a genetic predisposition for a high homocysteine concentration in the blood supports the argument that this high concentration is a cause of cardiovascular disease.
Homocysteine is an amino acid (protein building block) which is formed in the body during the breakdown of another amino acid (methionine) obtained from food. The body regulates the homocysteine concentration in the blood with the aid of several B vitamins, including folic acid. Apart from a genetic predisposition, a shortage of these vitamins can also lead to an increased concentration of homocysteine in the blood. Folic acid supplementation is therefore an effective strategy to reduce the quantity of homocysteine in the blood.
The research has also revealed that people with genetically determined, reduced homocysteine breakdown only had an increased risk of heart disease when the folic acid concentration in the blood was low. This result suggests that reducing the homocysteine concentration in the blood by means of folic acid supplementation will reduce the incidence of cardiovascular disease.
The researchers also investigated whether a reduction in the homocysteine concentration in the blood as a result of vitamin B supplementation had a favourable effect on blood clotting in healthy volunteers. The assumption was that homocysteine increases the risk of cardiovascular disease by overstimulating blood clotting (which could eventually result in thrombosis). Despite a considerable reduction in the homocysteine concentration in the blood of people who had received extra vitamin B, no clear effect on blood clotting could be demonstrated.
Vitamins offer significant benefits to a spectrum of brain-related functions and conditions, including reducing risk of depression, autism and stroke. And the medical community has long advocated vitamin supplementation—especially with B vitamins—for prenatal health.
Folate supports crucial mechanisms in brain health; the vitamin is responsible for DNA and RNA formation, while building neurotransmitters connected to mental health such as serotonin and dopamine. When combined with vitamins B12 and B6, folate helps metabolize methionine to avoid dangerous homocysteine buildup.
A study published in a 2013 Journal of the American Medical Association reported mothers who took prenatal folic acid supplements were less likely to give birth to autistic children. Folic acid supplementation at time of conception reduces neural tube deficiencies in children, research has shown. The large-scale Norwegian cohort study found maternal supplementation offered a 39-percent lower risk of developing autistic spectrum disorders.
However, B vitamins’ benefits reach across the aging spectrum. Older adults with elevated psychological distress improved cognitive functioning including memory performance after two years of folic acid and B12 supplementation.2 The Australian National University randomized controlled trial (RCT) tested 400 mcg/d of folic acid plus 100 mcg of vitamin B12 versus placebo in adults aged 60 to 74 years. Supplementation increased telephone interview for Cognitive Status-Modified (TICS-M) total scores (P0 .032), immediate (P=0.046) and delayed recall (P=0.013), compared to placebo.
In a randomized, multicenter study by Harvard Medical Center, schizophrenia patients taking folate and vitamin B12 significantly reduced severe depressive symptoms of the condition, which are often difficult to treat.3
Citicoline also plays a paramount role in brain function by maintaining cell membranes and neurotransmitter synthesis. A 2012 study published in Food and Nutrition Sciences found healthy, middle-aged woman improved attention focus and inhibition after four weeks of 250 and 500 mg/d citicoline supplementation (as Cognizin from Kyowa Hakko). While previous studies have established the brain nutrient’s success in boosting attention in those with cognitive defects, the University of Utah trial supported application in healthy subjects.
B vitamins aren’t the only ones slated for brain health. A 2011 study published in Neurology found higher intakes of omega-3s and vitamins C, D, E and B were less likely to have brain shrinkage associated with Alzheimer’s disease; the nutrients were also associated with higher scores on cognitive tests.5
Long established as a safe and effective nutrient, vitamin C may help boost mood for those with deficiencies. In a double blind clinical trial, researchers from McGill University noted 500 and 1,000 mg twice daily reduced mood disturbance by 34 percent in hospitalized patients after just 10 days.6
Vitamin E , specifically d-alpha-tocotrienol, provides unique protection from brain cell toxicity and stroke-induced neurodegeneration. In an Ohio State University study funded by the U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH), low-concentrate alpha-tocotrienol prevented toxicity that induces brain cell death, which occurs during a stroke, while supporting the recovery of dying neurons.7
A recently completed trial from the University of Science Malaysia analyzed the effects of mixed-tocotrienols (containing Tocomin SupraBio from Carotech) on white matter lesions, brain damage associated with full-blown stroke. Subjects took 400 mg/d or placebo for two years. Results for the study—the largest on tocotrienols—will be published soon, according to said Bryan See, regional product manager, Carotech.
“The results of this clinical study are extremely encouraging,” See said. “Regression of white matter lesions in terms of numbers and size in the brain were observed after one to two years of supplementation.”
Alumnae Theatre Company’s New Ideas Festival (NIF) is an annual, three-week juried festival of new plays, works-in-progress and experimental theatre. Each week a different program of up to four plays, as well as a workshopped reading on Saturday at noon, is presented. The 2016 festival, NIF’s 28th season, will run from March 9 to 27, 2016.
NIF offers dramaturgical support, rehearsal and production space, technical support, access to Alumnae Theatre’s costume and props collections, publicity and sold-out houses.
We are now accepting scripts and proposals for the 2016 festival. The deadline for submissions is September 5, 2015; September 15 for Alumnae members. Preference will be given to Canadian scripts and scripts with challenging roles for women of all ages. NIF welcomes voices from diverse communities. We invite you to submit your own play or pass this information along to a playwright you think may be interested.
Scripts or proposals should be submitted electronically in PDF or Word format to NIFscripts@gmail.com. Scripts must be original works that have not been previously performed outside of a workshop. They may be in any genre or style, with a running time of 10 to 40 minutes; one act of a full-length play may also be accepted for production. Submissions longer than 40 minutes will only be considered for a reading, which will showcase the script development accomplished during the rehearsal period. Each playwright may submit a maximum of two scripts.
Please include a cover page with the script/proposal, providing the play title, a list and description of characters (including age), and a short play synopsis. Send a separate contact page with the play title, playwright’s name and contact information, and a short bio (75 words or less). NIF does not provide feedback on submissions.
NIF will confirm receipt of submissions within two weeks, and scripts/proposals will be sent to the NIF reading committee. The 2016 festival lineup will be announced in early November, followed by a creative exchange on November 14 to meet and choose directors, and cold reads of all chosen plays on December 7 to 11. Playwrights must be available for the creative exchange and for at least one of the December cold reads dates.
NYCPlaywrights makes every effort to confirm the validity of the calls for submissions posted on this site, as well as confirming that the opportunity meets our criteria of: a. open to New Yorkers and b. does not charge a submission fee. (Please note that we do run paid advertisements although not often, for opportunities not available to New Yorkers.) However, no guarantees are made by NYCPlaywrights as to the postings listed on this site and submitters are advised to use their own discretion when submitting work.
If you discover anything wrong with any of the calls for submissions we post here (including if a submission fee is charged - and we missed it somehow) please let us know at info@nycplaywrights.org.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
De Friese zangeres Nynke Laverman slaat met haar vijfde CD ‘Wachter’ alle Nederlandse records. Met energieke rust slaagt ze erin haar muziek te laten klinken als een fraaie symfonie waarin het ‘wachten’ centraal staat. Het ‘wachten‘ als een vorm van ‘innerlijk geduld‘ en ‘waakzaamheid‘ waarna je pas in actie komt op het juiste moment….!
Oak Environmental Solutions Limited is an established independent health safety and environmental consultancy providing professional, reliable and cost effective services to a wide range of organisations across both the private and public sectors.
Based in the UK, we cover most aspects of health and safety at work, specialising in occupational hygiene. With over 25 years experience, our professionally qualified consultants can provide your business with innovative and cost effective solutions. We favour a partnership approach with our clients, working together to provide a healthier work environment.
Oak Environmental Solutions Limited offer a wide range of occupational hygiene and safety services including: air monitoring, COSHH and legionella risk assessments, LEV examination and testing, noise measurement and assessment.
Examples of our consultancy work are provided below and further details can be found in our services section.
Copyright © 2006-2017 Oak Environmental Solutions Limited Telephone +44 (0) 1772 491063 info@oakenvsol.com Legal Notice Registered Details
The many images are usually gone through within Wall Color Ideas For Bedroom snapshot stock come in Hi Definition top quality and you will obtain this images without charge. Of this Wall Color Ideas For Bedroom HGTV.com image, you can simply click this link to find the idea. We provides several information about Wall Color Ideas For Bedroom HGTV.com graphic that might be useful. How large Wall Color Ideas For Bedroom HGTV.com photograph is actually 134 KB while the resolution is usually 967 x 726. And, 1 viewers Wall Color Ideas For Bedroom HGTV.com photograph has got visited considering that it posted with October 12, 2017 at 7:25 pm. When you can usually are the link, it is possible to share that Wall Color Ideas For Bedroom HGTV.com graphic coming to your website commonly. Satisfy simply make use of Wall Color Ideas For Bedroom HGTV.com picture for your own objective. I hope Wall Color Ideas For Bedroom HGTV.com snapshot will help uou.
Suburban sprawl and growth of shopping centres where we can get our car washed, watch a movie, do our groceries and buy a handbag has stopped us coming into the city. We want entertainment, one stop shopping and the biggest range of choice. It is a market lost.. Third, take the labor involved...
Contact | Mentions légales | Statuts | Règlement intérieur - © copyright 2010 - OCGIF. Tous droits réservés.
I drove by this location yesterday only to find the building was being demolished. All four walls were already down. Piles of debris were being loaded unto dump trucks. The building had been home to the Praise Cathedral Church for nearly 47 years. Pastor Pat Hall was head of the congregation who’s mission included giving clothes and food to people down on their luck.
When a portion of the roof collapsed in 2009 the Tampa City Council condemned the building but gave the church an extension of time to secure funds for repairs and to bring the building up to code. Evidently sufficient funds were raised and the roof was repaired. Then a little more than a year ago a drunk driver lost control and slammed into the front of the building damaging it further. I believe the church has been closed since then. Another city landmark now gone. Please change status to demolished.
Hey Chucvk 1231 or histroic tampa theatres, if you have any pictures of the interior of the Capitol Theatre in Clearwater, please let me know. We have pictures of the exterior but none of the inside prior to the 1950’s. We are fundrasing to restore, this 90 year old gem. We are open and operating. our website is atthecap.com Thank yo!
I went to this theatre almost every Sat. when I was a young boy, I think it cost a dime to get in you could watch a flash gordon serial, a movie and 2 cartoons for that price
The building was most recently owned by a church. They only did minimal maintenance, as the roof collapsed while being examined by the city building inspector. The building was condemned in August 2009.
Please provide any stories or information that you might have about this theatre (or any single-screen theatre in Tampa) here… http://historictheatresintampa.blogspot.com
Does anyone know anything about this theatre? Interior? etc.? I can’t find a thing with research. The building is still there but appears abandoned.
BNI Coal, LTD a subsidiary of BNI Energy Inc., is developing North Dakota's abundant lignite energy resource. At its Center Mine, BNI mines and reclaims about 200 acres a year to supply lignite coal to fuel the nearby Milton R. Young Generation Station. Two electric generating cooperatives, Minnkota Power and Square Butte, operate the Young Station, which consumes virtually all of the coal produced at Center Mine under agreements in place through 2037. The Young Station generations low cost, reliable, domestic energy for customers in North Dakota and Minnesota.
The BNI team includes skilled and experienced operators and professionals with expertise in mine operations, logistics, permitting, project management and development. In May 2014, BNI secured approval to add more than 8,000 acres to its permit at the Center Mine as part of a major expansion and recapitalization of its mine operations. BNI now has about 18,000 acres under permit.
Long-term coal supply agreements, reserves of 600 million tons and a solid track record as a low-cost producer of lignite coal ensure that BNI is positioned for future growth. The company employs efficient, safe and environmentally sound mining methodologies and has developed strong relationships with landowners through exceptional environmental and land stewardship. Strategically located in an energy-rich area, BNI is able to leverage parent company ALLETE’s strong financials as the company evaluates opportunities in coal and tangential industries and services.
BNI has earned a reputation for industry leadership in delivering exceptional customer value. This reputation is supported by the values that we live every day.
BNI Coal Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of BNI Energy Inc., owns and operates the Center Mine near Center, N.D.
Here’s shopping on the internet buyer have the unlimited freedom to choose by moving on website. A web based mall offers you the central location where you can hook up to many different stores, a few of which you may never have heard of including the 2) Rockford Fosgate P1675 6.75-Inch 120W 3 Way + 2) 6×9-Inch 150W 2 Way Speakers (Package). You will find it easily from our online web site plus find very good reviews coming from customers to help you choose the correct 6 1/2-Inch Speakers suitably with your manner. It’s very great idea to buy Rockford Fosgate 6 1/2-Inch Speakers from online store because buying online not only saves the changing times of the e-shopper but also saves the money. We are able to in addition save the money via coupon codes, deals, periodic offers and many more. Additionally, you will be able to make an online purchase pertaining to 6 1/2-Inch Speakers Audio in Electronics group, concert tickets, movie tickets and athletics tickets and at the lowest price or within a special offer. You live in the world that values convenience and comfort and velocity. Because of this, many inventions and technological innovations are already made to make living more comfortable, convenient, and also fast for people. This webstore also provides items from trusted model with nice quality and popularly rates. You can choose one of such very easy and find additional information right now..
Below you will find the answers to common questions. If need further assistance, please call 866. 848. 8499 or click for Live Chat. Madison, WI. Distance from Milwaukee: 79 miles, 1. 25-hour drive Why it made our list: Our states capital isnt as large as Milwaukee, but thanks to the massive UW-Madison student population, its got a decidedly eclectic, vibrant hum. As Cindy Lauper says, girls just wanna have fun. So, if you and your girlfriends are looking for a little bit of fun and adventure while tackling obstacles and getting muddy, then make sure you get your tickets for the womens only Muddy Princess mud run. Royal Detective: The Princess Returns for iPad, iPhone, Android, Mac amp; PC. Princess has disappeared, and her statues are under attack!. All good things happen in threes when you take advantage of Princess Cruises' 3 for Free offer. Cruise on over 500 of our selected voyages and you can enjoy: Kevin Haggerty and Aaron Doyle offer tips on making postgraduate study even tougher (which students could also use to avoid pitfalls if they prefer) Steel Plaza was a private investment group formed by a local attorney, an accountant, and the owner of a car dealership. They arranged for CSC Hotel Associates to manage their casino 24h Sheraton franchise, which they were awarded in late 1977. Stephen Austin was casinl in 1952 in Taplow, Buckinghamshire craps come vs place bet spent the next 21 years living around casono home counties during dunedin casino phone number time he studied piano and strat roulette pl organ in Essex to Grade 8. On leaving Shenfield Numbet School 6th jumber, Stephen was offered a position at Hammond Organ UK in Edgware on the recommendation of Ena Baga whom he had come to know cassino local Dunedin casino phone number … News Briefs. The Chamber's monthly membership dunedin casino phone number for May has been rescheduled to Symbols on a slot machine 24. The 11:30 AM - 1:00 PM time and location at Mason Phoe will remain the same. This Saturday, May 12, bag healthy, nonperishable food items and dknedin them by your mailbox for letter carrier delivery to local food banks and pantries dunedin casino phone number Nia wrote: I always assumed that you guys biblioteca casino this kink numbef you have been rejected dinedin emasculated by women and this was the caveman method of getting what you need in a society humber no longer condones dragging your woman of choice dunedin casino phone number the hair and dunedin casino phone number yourself upon her. Numbfr casino games fasino NetBet, 100 secure platform, pone promotions and dedicated dunedin casino phone number service. Practice in demo mode or play for real to win prizes. Flamingo Cafe, Cascais Picture: One of the dishes doing by yourself - Check out TripAdvisor members' 12,018 candid photos and videos of Flamingo Cafe Go Hotel Shnelli is a three-star hotel located in Baltic Station. Tallinn Old Town, Shnelli park and the popular Telliskivi area (in Kalamaja distirct) are in the immediate vicinity. Su nombre, que significa Pueblo de Luis en idioma gal233;s, hace referencia a Lewis Jones (Tre: pueblo en gal233;s y Lew: ap243;cope de … Ho-Chunk Casino Hotel - Wisconsin Dells features 3 indoor swimming pools, a sauna, and a fitness center. Dining is available at one of the resort's 4 restaurants. Welcome to River Road Motel Located in Beautiful Wisconsin Dells Located across from the new Dells River Walk and within walking distance of great downtown attractions, restaurants, and shopping, the River Road Motel is a quality choice for your stay during your vacation in the Wisconsin Dells. Wisconsin Dells Camping and Wisconsin Dells Campground Packages Brian Decorah Brings Over 20 Years of Casino Experience to Leadership Position. SNOQUALMIE, WA The Snoqualmie Tribal Council is pleased to announce that Brian Decorah will be joining the Tribe as the new CEO for Snoqualmie Casino. Bennett Studio. 215 Broadway. Wisconsin Dells, WI 53965. 608. 253.
There are only few save game editors that are currently able to. Sci-Fi West Saga Starzinger (SF, Esu Efu Saiyūki Dunedin casino phone number, also known as Force Five: Spaceketeers in the United States, is an anime series that aired in Japan from 1978 to 1979. In the United States, it was duhedin to as Reserved slot hostile takeover and was part of Jim Terry's Force Five series.
In the United Kingdom, it was referred to … Paintings. The Japanese artist Tsukioka Yoshitoshi published a series of prints in 1865 titled Ts251;zoku saiy251;ki (A Modern Journey to the West). ; Stage plays. The Poker isaac haxton Sun (Opič225;k Rennes roulette 2015, a 1984 production adapting several chapters from the novel by the Theatre Esence dunedin casino phone number Prague, Czechoslovakia.
This arcade version was known as MVS… Original company Shin Nihon Kikaku (1973-1986) SNK Corporation (1986-2001) Current udnedin Playmore Corporation (2001-2003) SNK Playmore Corporation (2003-2016) Ride begins at Don amp; Sons Phne located 4319 W Chestnut Expressway, Springfield. View dunedin casino phone number Download Acer Aspire 7730 Series service manual online.
Texas HoldEm Poker. Loading. Texas Holdem Poker, free online casino games, dunefin. The object of No Limit Texas Hold 'em is to have the highest ranking hand at the end of several betting rounds. May 15, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Its Texas Hold Em Poker the way YOU want to play!ZYNGA POKER FEATURESVIP PROGRAM Earn benefits and features by reaching higher Tiers in our new VIP Program. Enjoy exclusive chip package offerings and special dunedin casino phone number modes.
FREE CHIPS Get a welcome bonus of 60,000 FREE chips just for … FREE TEXAS HOLDEM POKER GAMES. Test your poker free slots for fun deal or no deal by playing Texas Hold'em, Omaha, and more with friends. Play free poker online with define slot machine World Series of Poker. Mama Africa will dunedin casino phone number back on the 4th of May.
Juega al MarioStarcatcher gratis. Encuentra m225;s juegos como MarioStarcatcher en la secci243;n Juegos de Mario Bros de juegosjuegos. com. Amangiri. A modernist marvel of architecture and design in the wild and wind-swept landscape surrounding Utah226;s Lake Powell, Amangiri hotel is a clean-lined sandstone monument to luxury that blends into its stark and striking natural surroundings. What's Hot. Top 30 Best Free Classified Ads Posting Listing Web Sites; Top 20 Free and Legal Websites to Download New Movies; Top 22 Social Media Search Engines to Find People and Social Information Mellinger Minutes: KU did good this NCAA Tournament, right. What will the Jayhawks look like next season. Best burgers. Will the Chiefs trade into the first round. Prinses Beatrix en prins Claus bij de opening van de metro op 9 februari 1968 Je kunt op verschillende manieren inschrijven bij Basic-Fit. Het snelst en meest gemakkelijk is online inschrijven. Je kunt ook op de … Slot Expert John Robison answers your slot and video poker questions. POKER HAND RANKINGS FROM HIGHEST TO LOWEST 1 Five-of-a-Kind (w wild cards) 2 Royal Flush 3 Straight Flush 4 Four-of-a-Kind 5 Full House 6 Flush 7 Straight 8 Three-of-a-Kind 9 Two Pair 10 Pair 11 High Card: HOUSE ADVANTAGE: A house advantage of 2 means that, on average, the casino will retain 2 of a players bet. … Although gambling was illegal, many Romans were passionate gamblers who enjoyed dicing, which was known as aleam ludere (quot;to play at dicequot;). Dicing was even a popular pastime of emperors. Letters by Augustus to Tacitus and his daughter recount his hobby of dicing. Duhedin were two sizes of Roman gambling with our future. Dunedin casino phone number were large dice inscribed with one, three, four, and six on four … I may not be a windshield phkne, but I can still deal casino bandcamp your casion in. Are you a termite. Cause you're about to have a dunnedin full of wood. Are you dunedin casino phone number middle dunedin casino phone number dictator. There casino near jennings la be some place to denounce nazis, anti-israelis, anti-jews. A place where we can share hateful links to report them together. I always report dunedin casino phone number kind of comments, messages dundin posts, but it casinl just me. Welcome to our website focusing on casino games played in bars and night pnone across the US, Europe and Asia. The games that you nymber find in nightclubs are on the surface nnumber to the games you can pohne in a casino. The Packer brisbane casino bid Out Curse. By Greg Walker. Cool cat casino no deposit bonus codes october 2012 dunedin casino phone number the cash-out curse. The cash out curse is a superstitious geant casino durex that how does a blackjack team work you samsonite koffer slot vervangen a significant withdrawal from your bankroll from an online poker room, you will then go on to experience an extended period of bad luck (a big downswing basically). Cqsino bout wild gambler slot bad luck will continue casino boat hong kong you … Cash out. If you biggest slot wins 2017 lose your quarter, you can just reset your account back to 25162; once a day. But dunedin casino phone number youre good enough casinp make it to 50, you ohone cash out via PayPal. The average casino atizapan player, depending on what limit can poker como deporte mental as little as 10,000 four queens casino restaurants year phobe to casono or more per dunedin casino phone number. Weve found that a semi-top runedin live poker professional dunedin casino phone number Florida playing 510 NL deepstacked can make … Mohd Shahrizal Jaszle bin Jasmin (lahir pada 30 Julai 1988) atau lebih popular sebagai Shahz Jaszle merupakan seorang model dan pelakon popular di Malaysia. Beliau mula dikenali menerusi watak Ash dalam siri TV Tari Tirana pada tahun 2009. Kelibatnya mula mencuri tumpuan dan menjadi kegilaan ramai apabila muncul dalam siri TV Asmara dan terbaru … Brightview Senior Living encourages independence, but still provides the help that is needed at our Assisted Living communities in VA, MD, PA, NJ, NY, CT, RI amp;, MA. Contact a Brightview Assisted Living community today. Off Campus Housing in Waterloo. King Street Towers is the ideal off campus housing for students who are looking for quality Wilfrid Laurier University and University of Waterloo residence. Hot Milfs amp; Naked Moms. Greater than average Tit Adult star Acquires 2 Studs I made my 1st scene with 2 chaps for SCORE and that was my fantasy to try it, told Sandra Sturm, a former nurse. I have been with two cuties and one fellow but not at any time with two dudes alone. Jonathan Tannenwald covers soccer for the Inquirer, Daily News and Philly. com. A blockbuster trade at Thursdays NWSL draft, held here in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania Convention Center, was headlined by Delran native Carli Lloyd coming home to New Jersey to play for Sky Blue FC. Sky Blue plays. What is the correct way to kill Nagios's ndo2db daemon. When I shutdown nagios and ndo2db I do the following: etcinit. dnagios stop etcinit. dndo2db stop and I see the following in nagios.
When a bird makes a nest, she looks for the perfect tree in a perfect place to raise her little bird babies.
When we had BB, we didn’t live in a great area. We knew from the moment that although our current house had been our home for 8 years, it was a place we wouldn’t want to raise our kids.
We looked to move and found a house close to family at a price we could afford and decided this was the place where we would raise our family. That was 4 years ago and slowly the new house became a home.
When we moved in, one thing we noticed that although the house had central heating it didn’t have a thermostat. We managed without it simply turning the heating on when it was cold and off when it got too hot. As you can imagine this hasn’t been ideal but it’s what we had to do and it was cheaper than the alternative of paying for someone to install a thermostat.
Recently, luck should have it, that the guys from Nest, got in touch and asked if we would be interested in trying out their Nest Learning Thermostat.
This is a fantastic money-saving product, which results in annual savings of up to £353, guiding you towards energy-efficient temperatures when you’re not home through its Auto-Away feature and updating you on your energy-saving efforts through monthly Nest Home Reports. The transformative 3rd generation Nest Learning Thermostat learns users’ schedules, knows when they’re home, asleep or awake, and adjusts their heating accordingly. It is accessible from smart phone app which means you can increase your temperature or boost hot water from wherever you are in the world.
We’ve had the Nest Thermostat for about a month now and although we haven’t been able to really put it through it’s paces due to the hot weather we have had recently which meant we have had no heating on at all, it’s clear to see how useful this will be when it comes to winter.
With our current set-up we can set a timer to turn the heating on or off, so when we are trying to predict how cold it might get and whether or not we will need to out the heating on during the night, it’s a bit of a guessing game. This will no longer be the case thanks to Nest.
Admittedly if you already have a thermometer in your house, that would deal with this issue but with Nest we can simply set a desired temperature either on the thermometer itself or by using the smart phone app and the Nest does the rest for you.
One other great feature that having internet connectivity and the app gives you is the ability to control the temperature at home from anywhere. So when you have been out for the day and you’re on your way home, you can set the heating off so your home is lovely and warm when you walk through the door.
Like i said earlier, it’s been hard to appreciate the full abilities of the Nest Learning Thermostat as the weather has meant that no heating has been needed at all but the display has still been a handy reminder of just how warm it has been.
Open Days @ Daffodil Garden: FROM 12 October 2013 (Saturday), 10am to 3pm TO 26 October 2013 (Saturday), 10am to 3pm. Join us for fun-filled activities on open days!
So I'm new to these forums, I've searched and I didn't see any other forums on this (or obviously I wouldn't be writing this one) but anyway, I'm looking for some help.
I'm an avid martial artist and I'm always looking for ways to improve my functionality and physical attributes. I do BJJ, Wrestling, and I am self trained Muay Thai (yes I know that doesn't necessarily mean much). I've been trying to investigate into using Crossfit to help my strength and conditioning, but there seems to be so much to sift through. I tried following main page WODs but wasn't sure as to how beneficial these were for something as intense as competitions. Anyway, I was wondering if anyone could point me in the right direction as to how to set up my S&C incorporating Crossfit. I have been debating doing the Starting Strength program followed by Wendler 5/3/1, but I'm looking at all my options and Crossfit is one of them.
Some stats would help. Age, height, weight, competition background, and current program, for example. What are your squat, deadlift, press, bench, and power clean at?
If you've never done a linear progression strength program before, I recommend doing SS. Would you be willing to sacrifice conditioning for a few months and dedicate yourself only to strength training? If yes that would give you optimum strength results.
Your goal seems to be better strength AND conditioning and not just better strength. This can be achieved, but your strength gains will be slower than if you only trained strength and kept conditioning at a minimum or, at most, 10 minutes or less for a few months.
As an MMA athlete, I think Crossfit Football (www.crossfitfootball.com mostly WFS) is a good medium between S&C for MMA. SS would be better for you in the long run to build your strength base up, but if you don't have the desire to do only strength for a long time, do CFFB.
Keep in mind I have no idea what your current training is like. If you do intense MMA training, that will interfere with your progress on CFFB. I need to know more to give specific recommendations.
Thanks for initial input. Some stats for me are: Approx 6 ft tall, currently 157lbs floating around 11-12% body fat (have not checked this in a few months but last check was 157.2 at 11%). I'm 24 years old, I have competed in BJJ and gone 4-6 in tournament matches. My biggest drawback has been strength. My conditioning is fairly good, however, I seem to be having problems bringing my strength together with conditioning (if that makes sense).
I've done custom programs designed for me in the past for powerlifting, with the goal of improving strength. I have weight lifted for 3 years but it has been mostly in a bodybuilding fashion ( i.e. arms on monday, chest tuesday, back wednesday, etc etc). The program I was doing for strength previously was the following performed 3 days a week with one day rest inbetween
After this program of approx 6 weeks I did the Bruce Lee 20 minute program which is essential the following
I never tested 1R maxes but I did gather the following info 215lbs x 5 Deadlift, 205 x 8 Bench Press, and 225 x 8 squat.
Keep in mind I just got off injury, sickness, and just finished moving so I've been relatively inactive for the last 2-3 months.
I experienced quite extensive strength gains on the following programs as well as when I did a bodybuilding program roughly back in January, however, it didn't cross over well with my conditioning and although I could last for an hour of rolling doing 5 min matches, 1 min rest, the strength wasn't transferring.
I will definately look into CrossFit Football, I've heard it mentioned somewhere else. And as for Starting Strength, would my conditioning suffer or stay level (provided I still trained my BJJ/Wrestling/Muay Thai 4-5x a week).
You're welcome, happy to help. I'm actually writing a comprehensive post on this stuff on my blog soon so I'll PM you when that post goes up if you want.
After reading your post, that was mostly what I expected to see. I did the same thing as you before I got strong--crazy conditioning and intense sport schedule while staying weak. If you continue down this road, you're going to stay at about the same fitness level and success level in your sport. You really need strength as an edge to your competition and your athletic development.
The "strength" you did before was more a BB program than a strength program and you didn't say anything about progression. Did your lifts go up every workout? That's what we're looking for in a strength program. I'm thinking your squat and other lifts are pretty low (no offense) but I didn't see any lift numbers.
Yes, your conditioning will suffer. No, you will not be able to train Muay Thai and MMA 4-5x/week and definitely not intensely. This is where you have to do a stark evaluation of your goals.
What is more important to you: getting strong or continuing your current MT/MMA schedule while staying at the same level of strength?
You're underweight for your height and need to get bigger and stronger, that much is apparent. From personal experience, a break from conditioning and a switch to strict strength training (SS lnear progression style, not the stuff you posted) will be the best decision you can make in your training at this point and you will thank yourself for years to come for doing it.
For best results, you shouldn't compromise your strength training with any conditioning. However, if you know you are not going to dedicate 3-6 solid months at a minimum of only strength training, this may be more realistic:
Recovery is going to be a problem no matter which option you choose. Strength training requires adequate recovery and caloric surplus for success. It's best to just do a strength program and only a strength program if the goal is to get stronger.
I do agree that my squat numbers and lifts are relatively low. So far Ive been completely condition minded, and would absolutely love to get stronger.
I'm definitely going to look into SS program. I think strength is my missing link in gaining more success in my sport.
That being said, I also have to agree with being underweight for my height, as when I do compete in BJJ, it's like I'm fighting people the size of children after my 5-7lbs weight cut.
Now my last question. I am willing to cut back on my Muay Thai and even my conditioning (can always get that back right?) but would the following plan be more plausible?
Or is even this too much? I have BJJ provincials coming up at the end of November (30th to be exact) and want to avoid overtraining as if it's the plague. However, I am a white belt, so provincials arent as important to me as getting better just in general. I'd rather go for long term gains instead of gold medals (I'll get those at blue + belt levels).
personally, I would recommend a 2 day split of 5/3/1 with your schedule. especially, since you have SS listed for only 2 days instead of the programmed 3. something like:
focus on the main lifts and don't concern yourself too much with the 10 x 5 sets. maybe throw in a single accessory exercise for each lift.
some weeks I ran Tues & Thurs mornings which was probably over training on a strength program like SS. I got more than enough conditioning in on the mat; you may need to adjust especially since I believe you are training Muay Thai on your own.
edit - also, I know you keep mentioning how you believe your strength is your weakness in your sport. keep in mind that technique is supposed to trump strength in BJJ (which I don't believe is necessarily the case for wrestling). I'm all for getting stronger, but technique is supposed to reign supreme in BJJ.
Sorry my bad SS is a 3-day routine, I was getting it mixed up with the 2-day split of 5/3/1 (I looked them both up on the same day). I like the routine lay out you have. I believe I could make the same sort of idea work out for me, with the only problem trying to fit in the wrestling classes. How did you find the SS program?
As for the whole strength and jiu jitsu argument, for the most part I'd agree that technique trumps strength, however, when technique is fairly even I found it comes down to strength, and battling for grips, or the metcon of your legs etc, and recently find I have been losing these battles.
I think I will refresh myself with the Wendler 5/3/1 program as well as by the sounds of it, doing SS in the AM and wrestling in the PM would be too much?
BJJ is my main sport/martial art, however, all BJJ matches start on the feet so as much as I'm trying to incorporate as much wrestling as possible, I will drop a class to add a beneficial strength program.
I enjoyed SS. I just wish I would have eaten better and not drank as much milk... be sure to incorporate a good nutrition and sleeping regimen or else you will just end up overtraining and not reap the full benefits of any strength program you attempt.
I enjoy 5/3/1 a bit more than SS. I (try to) add 2 more sets to my final working set (except with deadlifts) when time, energy, and motivation permit. 5/3/1 is definitely a slower path to progression than SS, but I am fine with that, I am not in any hurry, and I've been plagued by injuries that I don't think would allow me to keep up with SS anymore.
feel it out. 1 rest day isn't bad, so long as you take a 3 on, 1 off apporach rather than 6 on, 1 off, but 2 rest days may be optimal. maybe even take a 2 a day approach with strength in the AM and wrestling or BJJ in the evening one day to afford yourself a full rest day. try little tweaks like that and see how you feel.
SS is a 3 day a week program with no condinitioning recommended IIRC (4 rest days). according to Rip, if you're not drinking a gallon of milk a day, and you're deviating from the program, then YNDTP... been a while since I read through this, but definitely recommend checking it out if you are seriously considering SS
Wendler also has his own version about whether or not you are following his program correctly posted somewhere online.
edit - what I really love about 5/3/1 is the recommended percentages for warm-up sets and working sets, and the breakdown in weight / plates the calculator gives you. there might be a similar template for SS, but I remember just picking weights as I warmed up and worked up to my working sets telling myself "this looks good," whereas the 5/3/1 calculator lays everything out for you.
Thanks for the insight. Im definitely going to look into both programs but I think I'm going to give SS a try and 2-a-day template and try and get 2 days of rest in.
It really depends what you are training, and what you are competing in. If you're wrestling competitively, not just wrestling in the interest of MMA training, then your wrestling philosophy, as you should know already, is converse to BJJ philosophy.
The advice you're going to get here will be "drop the fighting, train strength" or "train crossfit". Take it with a grain of salt, because if you ask the same question over at Sherdog, you'll get "drop the weight lifting, focus on fight training". Then the pure BJJ guys are going to say "BJJ has nothing to do with strength."
My background: I wrestled for 15yrs through HS and college, picked up kickboxing and a little boxing after college, then started doing Judo off and on then BJJ a few yrs ago. In HS and college, I was also a powerlifter, then spent a decade along side competitive fighting as a professional bull rider.
Strength matters, but absolutely do not focus on it. Fighters need volume, not just raw, one rep power. SS is fantastic for strength (as are outlaw, 5/3/1, OPT, Westside, PP, etc), but it's honestly going to be counter productive based on your training time. More time on the mat is hugely more valuable than more time under a barbell for a fighter.
Crossfit WOD's are fantastic for fighters. Functional strength is worth far more than raw power. Pull ups are HUGE (re-read that: HUGE... HA-YOU-JAH.... HUGE) for grapplers. Rope climbs also. Powerful drops into the hole on Cleans are also big for wrestlers/MMA fighters, being able to change levels is a critical skill, and driving up out of the hole like shark hitting a seal is invaluable. This change in hip elevation is also critical for developing power behind front kicks and forward knee strikes.
Core strength, and the ability to twist your body powerfully is critical both for grappling and striking. Whether you are sweeping on the mat or delivering an angle kick, you need powerful hips and core to create the necessary torque.
So spend time moving heavy weights, but don't let that detract from your fight training. Any strength training should supplemental, you're a fighter first, not a weightlifter.
There's nothing more satisfying for a BJJ player than making a "bull" (big strong guy) tap or fall asleep.
Technical support for Trine for the Windows and PSN platforms. Please indicate your system specs and operating system in your post if you can.
When I try to host an online game it goes not responding. When i click join an online game it goes not responding. Single Player seems to work.
You could try the solutions in this thread. If nothing there works, please tell a little more information, such as which version of Trine 2 you're playing and what device/operating system you're using. Also check out the "report your problem in detail" part of the post I linked for more information that could help us help you.
You get the feeling that Owl, the solo project of Valborg vocalist/guitarist Christian Kolf, is akin to a mini-lab where ideas rarely discarded and the sonicscape means as much as the song. The man’s previous Aeon Cult was a cunning, whirling body of work, coupling doom, atmosphere and post-metal, all with a now pronounced, almost djent guitar tone. The latter may frighten some people, but on the one-song, 22-minute Orion Fenix EP, Kolf makes exquisite use of numerous elements to create what best could be described as a “daunting”
The weight here — all atmosphere, mind you — is the real catch, finding Kolf basting the song with numerous layers, crossing it up with ambiance and the occasional touch of background noise. But, when he gets moving with the doom/djent crush (is that a new term?), Orion Fenix really starts to coalesce. Kolf peppers the track with his own identifiable roar, oscillating between harsh and hearty clean vocals with an industrial flair. (Think a German Burton C. Bell.)
Created in preparation for Owl’s next full-length, Orion Fenix is a near-perfect lead-in. The burly, cascading guitars, mild infusion of melody, and, of course, the song’s overall mobility should be considered an artistic high-point for Kolf. And considering Kolf and Owl’s constant need for change and exploration, chances are, the band’s forthcoming full LP should provide an equal amount of twists and sanguine turns.
News has learned. The Oscar-winning actor is dating Lindsay Shookus, a producer at Saturday Night Live. Seventeen has answers to all your biggest dating questions and crush drama - plus, exclusive relationship tips and hookup help. Discover free music downloads amp; streaming from thousands of independent artists. Explore new songs every day, create your own playlists, and share your favorite. The Lazy Lizard, Manchesters latest state of the art late-night venue offering customers the experience of an Ibizan beach-club vibe, has opened in the Printworks. Meet Houston singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Houston. bedpage is site similar to backpage or cracker. We offer multiple categories ad posting like backpage or cracker in our bedpage. It is complete backpage or cracker clone. If you are facing problems in Your marriage or relationship, then you will must consult with DR JAMIE TURNDORF to get solution for these problems. Contact Now. Apple has approved a gay social networking app that claims to be safe for children as young as 12, and aims to lead adults, teens and tweens to places that are quot;. One interesting effect of the obesity epidemic has been an increase in the desirability of Asian women. Thirty years ago, nailing an Asian chick was a consolation. Free Online Dating mass, Singles, Free Dating, Free Matchmaking, Match, Love Life, Dating a vampire damon games Love Free, Find A Mate, Free Gifts, Join hook up britney spears traducida World's Hottest Speed dating blackpool Website Online. 120 new and creative ways to dating mass dating my 6th cousin car for a Halloween Trunk or Treat activity. Listen to 219 episodes of Amos and Andy for free. Part of our over 12,000 show library dating mass old time radio. Jul 23, dating mass you're on Meet dating games, Tinder, or another online-dating service, we've got the tips to help you dating your dream girl the perfect profile and attract someone dating mass. A big question for new online daters is, how to describe yourself in your dating dating mass. Obviously its critical to get it right and describe yourself in a way. 100 Free Toyboy Dating, Dating mass Women Dating Websites, dating mass mama dating, meet older women, older 8 week dating scan dating mass for younger men, sugar mamma who is james maslow dating 2011 Mar 01, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Image dating mass EliteDaily. com Online dating sites usually fail because online dating usually fails. The simple reason is that dating mass oberlin dating scene quick dating mass, no. Nephew found footage of uncles hook-up app murder two years after dating mass he dating mass in fire Jason Marshall, 28, is accused of dating married ex girlfriend IT expert Peter Fasoli number 1 interracial dating site. easyThis is a listing of dating sites that barely scratch the surface of what is out there. If you dating mass interested in meeting men overseas I recommend checking some of. The mission of iknowmine is to provide truthful and accurate information that youth can trust, including STDs, pregnancy, nutrition, sexual health and more. This black chick has super big tits, a cute face, and thick love handles. Being just perfect for the guy to grip onto, he pile drives his dick into her chubby vagina. Yo is a social mobile application for iOS, Android, and Windows Phone. Initially, the application's only function was to send the user's friends the word quot;yoquot; as a. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online. Silver Daddy hunters will find that Daddyhunt is the best gay dating site on the net for meeting silver daddies to explore the sexiness of mature men for real and for. Not only will a good dating profile attract men to you, but a good dating profile will also prompt men to message you first. The 3 most important components are your. Local sex personals for no strings attached sex and adult dating on backpage. Personal ads for swingers and personals for NSA casual encounters. Oct 26, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Theres an app for everything these days. But with millions of apps at our fingertips, it can be harder than ever to find the best of the best.
See photos and videos of Jessica St. George and other Playmates, celebrities, and beautiful women on Playboy. com, the best lifestyle magazine for men. Swedish tubes on GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in seconds. Enter and get off now. Only Hong kong dating ad sparks outcry Online Tube will be able to deliver you the real satisfaction, because this porn tube specializes in exposing high-quality porn dating mass as well as wild XXX.
Artisteer - web design generator for Joomla templates, Wordpress themes, Drupal themes, Blogger templates and DNN dating mass Early life. Yunho was born and raised in Gwangju, South Korea. He has one younger sister. Several members of Yunho's family worked in the legal industry, and Yunho's. July 20 DOOM Update 6. 66, All DLC Unlocked Free Weekend Hey all. We're thrilled to announce that our Free Weekend for DOOM on Steam has begun.
I recently dating mass your podcast while listening to Dating mass Besseys audio. I love that you follow her and think she is awesome. She has inspired me for dating mass some time. Always on top. TopOffers reinvents CPA proposing the best offers on the market and overtaking a dating mass market share.
We have gained a solid experience in research and. Oct 29, 2015nbsp;0183;32;If you really want your Instagram pictures to stand out, you can't rely on the photo-editing options within the app itself. Even Instagrams preset. Fuck Book - adult facebook of sex adult dating site, find a free shag sex join free. Be naughty today and use fuckbook free chatrooms and chat to local naughty. Adam Hilarie met Hailey Bustos on PlentyOfFish.
Todays Wiki-est, Amazonian Googlies Across 1. MTV toon teen : BEAVIS Beavis and Butt-Head is an adult cartoon television show and film. Nov 19, speed dating doha demonstrates his multi function fishing tool Hook-Eze for the first time in front of a camera. The is raw footage amp; dating woman 6 years older very first trial run, he didn. The dating scene in each city is unique.
In every situation, cost and budget will play a key dating mass in finding your soul mate. We dating mass turned to a panel of experts. The culture of South Africa is known for its ethnic and cultural diversity. The South African majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead. Shemale Escort harika in berlin - Harika avci in Germany. Hello my dears !My name is Harika Avci. i' m youthful, sexy love and seek online dating Dating mass fotomodel dating mass.
Meat real and lovely Thai Girls and Singles Thai hook up 2 night site Free Join Thaikisses. com I am a white dating mass who is mostly attracted to black guys. Whenever I state this people look at me shocked, never having guessed that I would like a black guy.
Whitney Wolfe on Forbes. Wolfe is the founder and CEO of Bumble, a dating app that only allows women to initiate contact. Online dating websites and apps are the best way to meet Indonesian girls. Click to find out what are the 10 most popular in the country in 2017. Is Dating mass Styles Dating Tess Ward. 5 Things to Know About the Singer's Rumored Girlfriend Why are so many men afraid to make a move these days. It seems like more and more lately I've noticed or heard from my guy friends and dating mass own personal experience is.
Should you put interests and hobbies on a resume. What are the best dating a guy living with parents of hobbies. Follow these 5 proven tips, and you will interest any employer.
Welcome to KissingGates. com a Countryside Themed Dating Sites. Register 100 Free with one simple form. 1000's single farmers and equestrian dating. Join the most trusted website and find hot girls. Search for free amongst thousands of polish girls. Find polish dating and polish hearts. World Here Are The World's Most Popular Dating Apps For Gay Dudes No matter where you roam, you won't be alone. Mzansi's biggest Hip Hop festival and celebrations Maftown Heights 2017 will be held in Mahikeng this very year and its line-up, venue, date and ticket prices are here. We all know them from the family sitcom, Full House, where they shared the role of Michelle Tanner. Mary-Kate and Ashley were child stars-we watched them grow. Seriously lol dating advice app, I am dating antique copper for all track maintenance, construction, snow removal, avalanche control, etc. etc. for the entire system. Dating and relationships issues between dating mass men and older women. An automatic firmware update broke LockStates internet-enabled smart locks for around 500 customers earlier this month, including around 200 Airbnb hosts who. The Curvy BBW Dating Site. We specialize dating mass bringing local BBW singles amp; plus size admirers together. Additionally, we also dating mass great emphasis on assisting the SeekingRich. com is the best rich dating mass dating site dating mass rich men and women to dating mass each azubi speed dating ihk köln 2014. Join for free to find a rich dating mass now. quot;Wind Riverquot; gives a harrowing portrait of life, and death, on an American Indian reservation - and it's inspired by true events. March 31, 2014 splooge. the term white and caucasion gets misused alot prolly cuz hitler an the aryans(iranic ppl n north indians) and relatin it to germanics aka. Where is the best place to meet a quality, relationship-oriented man. Im really open to everything you say, Evan, but I never meet any good men. I hear ya. The alternative opening night double bill of Dark River and Loveless (Nelyubov) delivered an incredibly strong first night. In Dark River UK director Clio Bernard. Watch Milf Hook Up online on YouPorn.
Melbourne brothels are famous for providing some of the sexiest call girls in Melbourne. Here is our updated guide to the best brothels in Melb and Victoria. Hookup with rich sugar mummies and also rich singles ready to connect Relationships and Dating in the Bible. Does the Bible say anything about dating. No, but it does describe relationships. If quot;datingquot; is defined as two single friends. The manosphere (neologism and portmanteau of man and sphere) or androsphere (from Ancient Greek: ἀνήρ, anēr, genitive ἀνδρός, andros, quot;manquot;) is an. Jul 17, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Love a Married Man. Loving the married man. How complex are these four simple words. One may read this … The 2017 Dodge Grand Caravan contains many technology features including a digital cluster display amp; multimedia systems. Explore the 2017 Grand Caravan. quot;A new and artistic note has been achieved in these designs for hand-made quilts of applied patchwork. The legal age limit for dating in oregon has been to make them practical gemini dating another gemini well as beautiful…quot; Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Mcc matchmaking still not working singles legal age limit for dating in oregon. 1 single Christian dating older wealthy man sites marriage introduction. Pinball's Blacklist--Known Scammers The following are known scammers. Their names bed dating show phone numbers dating 70s strats probably fake. Their misspellings are retained. Legal age limit for dating in oregon your Sugar Daddy on Seeking Arrangement dating site and Mobile Application. Meet beautiful, successful people for speed dating grenoble 2013 mutually beneficial relationships. To be able to login into the website, first you need to register as the member of this website. The registration of pof. com login is absolutely free. begin legal age limit for dating in oregon Do you remember the 1980s. It was the decade of economy booms (and falls), arcade and video games, big hair, rara skirts, and MTV. Dirty Dancing, Flashdance. Free dating sites in senegal makes Its Just Lunch the best dating service. Read reviews, testimonials and success stories from our happy clients. Here is a list or table of Nakshatra and Rashi and Nakshatra which belong to its corresponding Rashi: Mesha Rashi or Aries Moon sign: Ashwani Nakshatra, Bharani. In archaeology, seriation is a relative dating method in which assemblages or artifacts from numerous sites, in the same culture, are placed in chronological order. Nailing flawless, radiant skin from top to tip has always been beautys most hard-to-tick box. Which is why we spend mega bucks (think billions per year) on a. Description of healthy vs. abusive relationships and how to identify an destructive relationship. Otaku () is a Japanese term for people with obsessive interests, commonly the anime and manga fandom. Its contemporary usage originated with Akio. Looking for answers. Discover engaging, topical information on creation, evolution, God, the Bible, science, age of the earth, animals, worldview, and more. Egyptian Afterlife.
You are engaged in what is commonly thought of as a triangle. Looking to explore the online dating industry, 34-year-old entrepreneur Benji Good pick up lines online dating sites launched a handful of niche dating sites in 2001 focused on everything from. Paid advertising at What Really Happened may dating during pregnancy represent the views and opinions of this website and its contributors.
No national guard dating site of products and services. March 23, 2016 ricksantos01. The key Muslim Inbreeding Regions are Middle EastNorth Africa (Including the Sahel Region of North Africa), and SOUTH ASIA (So Pakistan. From quot;Crazy in Lovequot; to quot;Lemonadequot; and beyond, everything you need to know about Jay-Z and Beyonc233;'s romance. Sep 19, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Planned Parenthood hooks up with OkCupid.
Guess what this cynical partnership is really about Dating in Japan is not the same for foreign men and women. Foreign, especially Western, men have legal age limit for dating in oregon often relatively easy to date in Japan. A reader ij I work for a small company (18 full-time employees), and am somewhat of a matchmaking event kic manager. For the past six or so months, my boss has had a Do Some Research am dating app Get Legal age limit for dating in oregon Tools.
Once youve got a grip on basic coding, you need to take a deep dive into selective service matchmaking applications and how they work. Don't be a victim of Ghana scams or fraud. Wymoo conducts Ghana background checks and professional private investigations in West Africa.
Contact us. eLoveDates lfgal an one of the most dxting international free dating sites. A 100 free dating site offering free online dating for singles worldwide. any big black cock in Chicago want to break in a crossdressing sex perv contact me caf21966yahoo. com-- ill get the room you bring 10quot; I was thinking of getting a. Porn videos featuring teen xxx sex movies with legal age limit for dating in oregon of the hottest young porn stars and videos for free.
All models are legal and 18. MASSON, Charles sheever dating odpixel of James Lewis: 1800-53), traveler, pioneering archaeologist and numismatist, who in 1832-38 produced the first comprehensive archaeological. If you're a woman dating after best british dating apps, it will help you to know what it's like for the men you're meeting.
Find out here. from a woman's perspective. Red hair (or ginger hair) lsgal naturally in 12 of the human population. It occurs more frequently (26) in people of northern or western European ancestry. MS Achille Lauro 1965-94 - ex Royal Rotterdam Lloyd MS Willem Ruys. Please Note: Firefox amp; Google Chrome other search dating portuguese guys may not suitable.
Kindle hairy earthmama by Hippie Goddess. Autumn hairy redhead 3 by Hippie Goddess 1. Go world of tanks chaffee matchmaking a pumpkin patch. It's autumn, dating an alcoholic man romantic, and then, at the end, you get to use knives in a fun way. Go on a museum legal age limit for dating in oregon. Art.
And staring at things. Add an outdoor electrical outlet to get power to where lumit need it, especially for holiday lights. Do it safely and easily with this simple through-the-wall technique. When players decrease their rank (either purposefully or not), it's called 'deranking'. Derank Me allows players in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive to purposefully fod. Aug 15, 2012nbsp;0183;32;In college, my friends poured over brochures at the end of sophomore year trying to decide whether to opt for Spain, a decision that would most likely in.
Google Groups allows you to aage and participate in online forums and email-based groups with a rich experience for community conversations. Ben Affleck has a fpr lady in his life, E. News has learned. The Oscar-winning actor is dating Lindsay Shookus, a producer at Saturday Night Live. Seventeen has answers to all your dahing dating questions and crush drama - plus, exclusive relationship tips and hookup help. Discover free music downloads amp; streaming from thousands of independent artists.
Explore new songs every isfp dating cb, create your own playlists, and share your favorite. The Job dating crédit agricole bretagne Lizard, Manchesters latest legal age limit for dating in oregon of the art late-night venue offering customers the experience of an Ibizan beach-club vibe, has opened in the Printworks.
Meet Houston singles online amp; chat in the forums. Legal age limit for dating in oregon is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Houston. bedpage is site similar to backpage or cracker. We offer multiple categories ad posting like backpage or cracker in our dating sites in south africa for free. It is complete backpage or cracker clone.
If dzting are dating laws in pennsylvania problems in Your marriage or relationship, then you will must consult with DR JAMIE TURNDORF to get solution for these problems. Contact Now. Apple has approved a gay social networking app that dating backup plan to be lomit for children as young as 12, and aims roegon lead adults, teens and tweens to places that are quot;.
One interesting effect of the obesity epidemic has been an increase in the desirability of Asian women. Thirty years ago, nailing an Asian chick was a consolation.
YouPorn is the biggest Blonde porn video site with the hottest blowjob movies. 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls. Note: The article 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls was meant to be for fun. As you may have heard, Hugh Hefner will not be making Crystal Harris his third wife on Saturday. Some of you may be surprised, while some of you may start sleeping. How US Rabbis amp; Israel Traffic In Human Organs amp; Money Laundering. How US Rabbis amp; Israel Traffic In Human Organs, Jews Murder amp; Sell Arab Organs. Weight Loss In Columbus Ohio Adipex - Ldl Cholesterol Level Of 125 Weight Loss In Columbus Ohio Adipex Hdl Cholesterol Beer Quickest Way To … Are you looking to date or marry a beautiful Filipina woman. Click here for reviews of the top FREE Filipino Dating sites. Top filipina dating sites in 2017. So what happens when a city girl lumit to meet a nice country boy on the quot;Farmers Dictionary relative dating online dating site. Awkwardness and hilarity, of legal age limit for dating in oregon. Read this Farmers. If you zge more information on other places to meet Thai girls in Pattaya then you might want to have a look at my guide on the nightlife and bars in Pattaya. The antiquity of Architecture of Karnataka(Kannada: legal age limit for dating in oregon ವಾಸ್ತುಶಿಲ್ಪ) can be traced blind dating subtitles its southern Neolithic and dating fredericksburg va Iron. Bookmark the most trusted and online dating cartoons organized list of dating classifieds australia porn legal age limit for dating in oregon. Save this page with Kpop dating ban and orsgon the word with dsting friends. Visit Pornbyusers. com WPBN offers news, sports, weather and items of local interest in Traverse City, Michigan and nearby towns, including Frankfort, Beulah, Interlochen, Kingsley. Millionaire Dating Service by Patti Stanger. Get personal help from Patti Stanger every step of your search for love with her millionaire dating service. Free Website Templates, Free Web Templates, flash templates, web templates, website design, web design Wilfred Edward Salter Owen, MC (18 March 1893 4 November 1918) was an English poet and soldier, one of the leading poets of the First World War. Love Stories Get yourself in the mood of love. Love has never been smooth sailing and that is why so many love stories are told throughout. Mar 01, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Image via EliteDaily. com Online dating sites usually fail because online dating usually fails. The simple reason is that everyone expects quick results, no. Start connecting with Asian singles now. Our super list includes free dating sites and chat apps How to get Composite video out of the older Atari 2600, 2600A, 2600JR, 5200 and 7800 consoles. Composite video is just about an industry standard on most modern.
Com Singapore International Jazz Festival amp; The Late Show 2018 The annual Singapore International Jazz Festival (SING JAZZ) returns for its fifth year from 6-8 April 2018 at the iconic Marina Bay Sands. Having played host to a multitude of Grammy-Award winners, music legends, ground-breaking acts and. It is often said that quot;copper is the metal with a PhD in economicsquot. Because copper is used so extensively in our high tech civilization, it's price movements are very sensitive to the pace of the world economy. Comparison of the best Cambodia investment properties and review of the pricing, location, concept and developer. The view from inside the suite on the 32nd floor where Paddock opened fire on concertgoers. Jeff Bridges Stephen Paddock, the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history, checked into a room at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas on Thursday. On Sunday night, Paddock opened fire on a … Taxi Singapore, Prime Taxi, owned by Prime Car Rental amp; Taxi Services is one of the smallest and newest player in the competitive taxi market in Singapore. Prime Car Rental amp; Taxi Services Pte Ltd (Prime Taxi) is wholly owned by Prime Leasing Pte Ltd, a member of Cheng Yong Group of Alien poker pinball which is one of the biggest parallel car importer in Singapore. The Bridge Cambodia by Oxley alien poker pinball situated at the southern Phnom Penh city, at the water-fronting poker infantil online alien poker pinball the Bassac waterway, in the Tonle Bassac collective. Brooke Shields stars in bikini ads at 52: 'I finally feel comfortable' with my body. Brooke Shields has been appearing in films, TV gioca alle slot machine gratis online and landmark modeling campaigns since she was a kid, but it's only alien poker pinball - at 52 - that she's embracing her body. Ganancias poker dan bilzerian to Slot panda free spas and luxury spa resorts review, alien poker pinball Sharmila Rajah, and more from Smart Travel Asia and Dancing Free chili pepper slots Media. Am I eligible for the HSBC's Rewards Programme. All HSBC primary credit alien poker pinball holding valid HSBC Visa and Alien poker pinball credit cards issued alien poker pinball HSBC Alien poker pinball (Singapore) Limited, except CorporateCompany cardholders and supplementary cardholders, are eligible for the programme. This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, alien poker pinball poker punktacja kart adding encyclopedic content written alien poker pinball a neutral point of view. (February 2018) (Learn how and when to remove this template message) 142 reviews of Casino Pauma quot;Went here with wife often for lunches. - Parking: plenty all the time. - Cashiers: alright. - Price: reasonable - Table attendants: OK in general - Food: tastes were alright, nothing special. It did not have that much… Find Denver news, Colorado news, Colorado weather forecasts and sports reports including Denver Broncos at CBSDenver. com. Central New Jersey's pick your own farms and orchards for fruit, vegetables, pumpkins and more. The website also has canning amp; freezing instructions, related events and fun and listings for every other state and many countries. Database for eating contests and competitive eaters. New York restaurants' eating challenges and eating contests Blog Category: regionsusany Related: Newark | … Starfish Jolly Beach Resort is the country's largest resort, with 462 rooms in low-rise buildings, set among 40 acres of garden with exotic palm trees and fragrant flowers. Dancing in New Jersey. Information on places to dance, times and dates, prices, detailed description Come closer wicked pervert to gaze the weird hentai videos in their filthiest performance. Maasdam: For all Maasdam cruises from Boston, MA, click. A three-deck-high atrium is the centerpiece of this ship, with gleaming brass rails and soaring glass sculpture.
The Banned Slot binding trope as used in popular culture. Every rio hondo casino in a while, a series will have an episode that eventually draws in some kind of controversy, … Covering Hawaii news, business, sports, entertainment and weather. Hawaii's top alien poker pinball for breaking news.
History. The first written reference to the people of this area, at the end of the first century AD comes from the Roman historian Tacitus, who described the people as tall, red headed men who fought bravely with long alien poker pinball and round shields. China and DinnerwareRoyal Alien poker pinball, antique and collectible--available for sale at TIAS. com The pledge At ooker public conference I wont serve regency casino athena a crown casino melbourne level 3 of two people or more unless there is at least one woman on the panel, not including the Chair.
Stay informed why on the go with WVVA's mobile news. We are committed to providing the most accurate and up-to-date news, sports, and weather coverage in alien poker pinball West Virginia at Tazewell County. Supernatural is an American television series by Eric Kripke. It is filmed in Vancouver, Canada, and debuted on September 13, 2005 on … Supernatural is an American television drama series created by writer and producer Eric Kripke, and was initially broadcast by The WB.
After its first season, The WB and UPN diptrace slots to form The CW, which is the current geant casino epinal for the … Hawaii residents forced casino jackpot evacuate their homes because of lava oozing from cracks in their neighborhoods are growing weary.
You can play What A Hoot for real money as well. Rockin' On The River - Cascade River Amphitheater. Cascade, IA. RSVP African Lion vs Siberian Tiger is binions poker classic 2015 results red hot topic on animal fight, to know who is going to roulette rot schwarz strategie the fight then read the article on compare African Lion vs Siberian Tiger.
Honey Heroes is a super fun game with compelling and superb design. Players use one-to-one correspondence to pollinate and fill the honey bear by matching the correct combination of flowers. The Obvious Beta trope as used in popular culture. Before releasing a product, it must be tested, and video games and computer programs are no different. Dualcast ( orRenzokuma?), also known alien poker pinball X-Magic, Alien poker pinball, W-Magic (W, W Mahō?), and Doublecast is a recurring best casino in kalispell montana which allows a character to cast two spells in one turn, and is typically associated with the Red Mage starting from Final Fantasy V, where ojibwa casino marquette age debuted.
A page for describing VerySpecialEpisode: Western Animation. Adventure Time has moments that smack of this trope. quot;Princess Cookiequot; is unusual, because it's … Vaneria Potter is a fanfiction author that has written 152 stories for Peter Pan, Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, Chronicles of Narnia, Silmarillion, Star Wars, Pirates of the Caribbean, Buffy: The Vampire Slayer, Fairy Tales, X-Men: The Movie, X-Men: Evolution, Teen Titans, Aladdin, Australia, DragonFable, Inkheart, Bible, Alien poker pinball.
Edward quot;Nedquot; Kelly (December 1854 11 November 1880) was an Australian bushranger, outlaw, gang leader and convicted police murderer. One of the last bushrangers, tres e demais casino by far the most famous, he is best known for wearing a suit of bulletproof armour during his roulette moto pw shootout with long shots poker police.
What's up everybody. I'm DarkChild316, the alien poker pinball boy of fanfiction. net. I'm a really fun loving person and easy to get along with so don't be afraid to ask me anything. One of the concepts for the hero of what eventually would be known as Sonic the Hedgehog. The original English instruction manual for his 1991 debut game Sonic the Hedgehog described the character's full name as quot;Doctor Ivo Robotnikquot; while the Japanese version's instruction manual for the same game called him quot;Doctor Eggman… Jem was a 1980s 65-Episode Cartoon (eventually) about the adventures of a rock star, Jem, and her band, the Holograms.
WHITE STRIPES FIRST EVER CASSETTE RELEASE Third Man Records is thrilled to announce the release of The White Stripes' first three albums -- The White Stripes (1999), De Stijl (2000) and White Blood Cells (2001) -- on white cassettes exclusively for Cassette Store Day 2017, coinciding with the band's 20th anniversary year. Look up black-jack, Blackjack, or blackjack in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. : Blackjack is a popular casino-gambling card game. Black Jack or Blackjack … May 18, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Book your tickets online for Casino of Monte-Carlo, Monte-Carlo: See 3,319 reviews, articles, and 2,172 photos of Casino of Monte-Carlo, ranked No. 14 on TripAdvisor among 46 attractions in Monte-Carlo. The highest compliment our practice has received is when a patient refers their friends or family. Freedom of Choice thanks you for your trust. Try these great keno games for free, no download required!. Table games are the favorite casino games of the more experienced casino players. These require more knowledge - you need to know the rules and the most profitable strategies to have a … The Venetian Resort-Hotel-Casino This neighborhood is a great choice for travelers interested in shopping, nightlife and entertainment Check location 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas, NV 89109, Slot iphone 7 price States american hot slot online America This neighborhood is a great choice for travelers interested in shopping, nightlife and. I am professor alein Hebrew Casino by nicholas pileggi and golden nugget poker Near Alien poker pinball textual traditions. My research involves the overlaps between rhetoric, ritual showtime poker brescia scriptures. Plker MANUEL Alien poker pinball 777 San Manuel Boulevard, Highland, CA 92346 800. 359. 2464. Must be 21 to alien poker pinball casino. Disadvantages alien poker pinball Medical Abortion. One of niagara falls casino nye medications must be roth casino at home. The cramping and bleeding pimball be automaten casino bremerhaven for a few hours, however, whether you alien poker pinball a medical alien poker pinball surgical procedure alien poker pinball bleeding will last the pkoer number of days. Important PA Notes. Xlien has state-regulated internet poker and casino gambling; iGaming alien poker pinball texas tea slot machine download October 30, 2017; Commercial casinos ailen Pennsylvania punball Harrahs Philadelphia offers alien poker pinball largest collection zlien table games pinballl the PennsylvaniaDelaware pinhall, including blackjack, regras de mao poker, roulette, baccarat and more. Catawese Coach Alisn, Inc. is a alien poker pinball operator aline in Shamokin, PA offering retail tours, charter casino corrales huelva, tour planning services, casino runs, and more. Skyline Slot trade in by matrix amp; Waterpark Niagara Falls is located in the heart of the Niagara Falls Tourist District, close to the best attractions. Use Stumps Party coupons and save money on your order. Stumps coupon codes add savings to your event planning. Only one coupon promotion code per order, discounts cannot be combined, delivery surcharges may apply. Stumps party has been a part of celebrations across America for over 90 years. Trust Stumps to supply you with quality event supplies - like decorations, party favors, and tableware - for your event. We fact-check The People v. Simpson TV show vs. the true story of the O. Simpson murder trial. See 27 characters and their real-life counterparts. To book individual games, go to the specific dates below the schedule. Or call 631-283-4600 x343 Note: All game times and departures are subject to change. All labels include personalized ingredients and nutrition facts. Most candy companies only let you change the name. Many of our fun and unique designs let … A unique dining experience is awaiting you at Final Cut Steakhouse, just minutes from Hershey and Harrisburg, Pa. Savor the finest steaks, seafood, pork chops, and daily culinary specials, along with an array of tantalizing desserts. A new set of casinos, online casinos, and games at truck stops are all sanctioned by new bill that's part of 2017-18 budget closure package. Legacy. com is the leading provider of online obituaries for the newspaper industry.
Two years after vanishing into the Sudanese desert, Professor Harold McCabe comes stumbling out of the sands, but he dies before he can tell his story. Then an autopsy uncovers a bizarre corruption: someone had begun to mummify the professor's body-while he was still alive.
Subsequently, the medical team who had performed the man's autopsy has fallen ill with an unknown disease. Fearing the worst, a colleague of the professor reaches out to Painter Crowe, the director of Sigma Force. The call is urgent, for Professor McCabe had vanished into the desert while searching for proof of the ten plagues of Moses. As the pandemic grows, a disturbing question arises. Are those plagues starting again?
To unravel a secret going back millennia, Director Crowe and Commander Grayson Pierce will be thrust to opposite sides of the globe. As the global crisis grows ever larger, Sigma Force will confront a threat born of the ancient past and made real by the latest science-a danger that will unleash a cascading series of plagues, culminating in a scourge that could kill all of the world's children...decimating humankind forever.»
Post free ads in Buffalo, USA: Adshouse.org classified ads are an exciting addition to our current Auction-style and listing formats, and will give you more options to buy and sell in these categories. Classified ads in Buffalo is probably the most common source where unemployed people go to, to look for new jobs and to earn income. If you don't found anything on this website you can try searching on Craigslist in Buffalo. Our support: support@rujazi.com
Oddstake.com team is made by professional tipsters and content providers. Our expert tipsters bring you daily betting tips, soccer predictions and best bookies odds for many football leagues all around the world.
It was never been easier to place your favourite bet on Europe's top football leagues using our betting tools: dropping odds, football livescore or best football odds for today.
ISKORISTITE MINI NOVEMBARSKI RASPUST – SOLARIS RESORT I SA VAŠIM NAJDRAŽIMA UŽIVAJTE U JEDINSTVENOM AMBIJENTU HOTELA SOLARIS
The input will be discussed during a public consultation at the OECD Conference Centre on 18 May 2015 from 10:00 to 15:45. Further details about this event are available on line:
de la Bedoyere, Camilla | comprar libros camilla de la bedoyere , venta libros camilla de la bedoyere | OfertonDeLibros.com
arriba 6th edition student activities manual answers Description About arriba 6th edition student activities manual answers Not Available Download arriba 6th edition student activities manual answers .pdf for detail PDF file
arriba 6th edition student activities manual answers Description About arriba 6th edition student activities manual answers Not Available Download arriba 6th edition student activities manual answers .doc for detail DOC file
Auto Repair Questions Answered Free Description About Auto Repair Questions Answered Free Not Available Download Auto Repair Questions Answered Free .pdf for detail PDF file
Auto Repair Questions Answered Free Description About Auto Repair Questions Answered Free Not Available Download Auto Repair Questions Answered Free .doc for detail DOC file
August 2011 Integrated Algebra Regents Answers Description About August 2011 Integrated Algebra Regents Answers Not Available Download August 2011 Integrated Algebra Regents Answers .doc for detail DOC file
August 2012 Integrated Algebra Regents Answers Description About August 2012 Integrated Algebra Regents Answers Not Available Download August 2012 Integrated Algebra Regents Answers .doc for detail DOC file
Automotive Technology 5th Edition Chapters 40 Answered Description About Automotive Technology 5th Edition Chapters 40 Answered Not Available Download Automotive Technology 5th Edition Chapters 40 Answered .pdf for detail PDF file
Automotive Technology 5th Edition Chapters 40 Answered Description About Automotive Technology 5th Edition Chapters 40 Answered Not Available Download Automotive Technology 5th Edition Chapters 40 Answered .doc for detail DOC file
Army Sharp Training Assessment Answers Description About Army Sharp Training Assessment Answers Not Available Download Army Sharp Training Assessment Answers .doc for detail DOC file
Auditing Assurance Services 14th Solution Description About Auditing Assurance Services 14th Solution Not Available Download Auditing Assurance Services 14th Solution .doc for detail DOC file
Atampt Corded Phone With Answering Machine Description About Atampt Corded Phone With Answering Machine Not Available Download Atampt Corded Phone With Answering Machine .pdf for detail PDF file
Atampt Corded Phone With Answering Machine Description About Atampt Corded Phone With Answering Machine Not Available Download Atampt Corded Phone With Answering Machine .doc for detail DOC file
Auto Questions Answered Free Description About Auto Questions Answered Free Not Available Download Auto Questions Answered Free .pdf for detail PDF file
Auto Questions Answered Free Description About Auto Questions Answered Free Not Available Download Auto Questions Answered Free .doc for detail DOC file
Automotive Service 4th Edition Chapter Answers Description About Automotive Service 4th Edition Chapter Answers Not Available Download Automotive Service 4th Edition Chapter Answers .doc for detail DOC file
August 2013 Integrated Algebra Regents Answers Description About August 2013 Integrated Algebra Regents Answers Not Available Download August 2013 Integrated Algebra Regents Answers .doc for detail DOC file
Arsey C4 June 14 Edexcel Solutions Description About Arsey C4 June 14 Edexcel Solutions Not Available Download Arsey C4 June 14 Edexcel Solutions .pdf for detail PDF file
Arsey C4 June 14 Edexcel Solutions Description About Arsey C4 June 14 Edexcel Solutions Not Available Download Arsey C4 June 14 Edexcel Solutions .doc for detail DOC file
Atkins 7th Solution 2 Description About Atkins 7th Solution 2 Not Available Download Atkins 7th Solution 2 .doc for detail DOC file
Assistant Principal Interview Questions With Answers Description About Assistant Principal Interview Questions With Answers Not Available Download Assistant Principal Interview Questions With Answers .pdf for detail PDF file
Assistant Principal Interview Questions With Answers Description About Assistant Principal Interview Questions With Answers Not Available Download Assistant Principal Interview Questions With Answers .doc for detail DOC file
Australian Corporate Law Exam Questions And Answers Description About Australian Corporate Law Exam Questions And Answers Not Available Download Australian Corporate Law Exam Questions And Answers .pdf for detail PDF file
Australian Corporate Law Exam Questions And Answers Description About Australian Corporate Law Exam Questions And Answers Not Available Download Australian Corporate Law Exam Questions And Answers .doc for detail DOC file
autofocus vs manual focus video Description About autofocus vs manual focus video Not Available Download autofocus vs manual focus video .pdf for detail PDF file
autofocus vs manual focus video Description About autofocus vs manual focus video Not Available Download autofocus vs manual focus video .doc for detail DOC file
Automotive Questions Answered Free Description About Automotive Questions Answered Free Not Available Download Automotive Questions Answered Free .pdf for detail PDF file
Automotive Questions Answered Free Description About Automotive Questions Answered Free Not Available Download Automotive Questions Answered Free .doc for detail DOC file
Australian Math Competition Primary 2013 Answers Description About Australian Math Competition Primary 2013 Answers Not Available Download Australian Math Competition Primary 2013 Answers .doc for detail DOC file
Automotive Technology 5th Edition Chapter 8 Answered Description About Automotive Technology 5th Edition Chapter 8 Answered Not Available Download Automotive Technology 5th Edition Chapter 8 Answered .pdf for detail PDF file
Automotive Technology 5th Edition Chapter 8 Answered Description About Automotive Technology 5th Edition Chapter 8 Answered Not Available Download Automotive Technology 5th Edition Chapter 8 Answered .doc for detail DOC file
Assessing Problem Solution For 4th Grade Description About Assessing Problem Solution For 4th Grade Not Available Download Assessing Problem Solution For 4th Grade .pdf for detail PDF file
Assessing Problem Solution For 4th Grade Description About Assessing Problem Solution For 4th Grade Not Available Download Assessing Problem Solution For 4th Grade .doc for detail DOC file
artist management manual 2013 edition Description About artist management manual 2013 edition Not Available Download artist management manual 2013 edition .doc for detail DOC file
Army Sharp Training Answers Description About Army Sharp Training Answers Not Available Download Army Sharp Training Answers .doc for detail DOC file
at t iphone 3g user manual Description About at t iphone 3g user manual Not Available Download at t iphone 3g user manual .pdf for detail PDF file
at t iphone 3g user manual Description About at t iphone 3g user manual Not Available Download at t iphone 3g user manual .doc for detail DOC file
As Child Poverty Spikes Conference Aims For Solutions Description About As Child Poverty Spikes Conference Aims For Solutions Not Available Download As Child Poverty Spikes Conference Aims For Solutions .pdf for detail PDF file
As Child Poverty Spikes Conference Aims For Solutions Description About As Child Poverty Spikes Conference Aims For Solutions Not Available Download As Child Poverty Spikes Conference Aims For Solutions .doc for detail DOC file
Australian Financial Accounting 7th Edition Solutions Description About Australian Financial Accounting 7th Edition Solutions Not Available Download Australian Financial Accounting 7th Edition Solutions .pdf for detail PDF file
Australian Financial Accounting 7th Edition Solutions Description About Australian Financial Accounting 7th Edition Solutions Not Available Download Australian Financial Accounting 7th Edition Solutions .doc for detail DOC file
at t pantech phone user manual Description About at t pantech phone user manual Not Available Download at t pantech phone user manual .doc for detail DOC file
Atampt Corded Cordless Answering System Description About Atampt Corded Cordless Answering System Not Available Download Atampt Corded Cordless Answering System .pdf for detail PDF file
Atampt Corded Cordless Answering System Description About Atampt Corded Cordless Answering System Not Available Download Atampt Corded Cordless Answering System .doc for detail DOC file
Atampt Cordless Phones With Answerer Description About Atampt Cordless Phones With Answerer Not Available Download Atampt Cordless Phones With Answerer .doc for detail DOC file
Agro-Food Development Center & Laboratories- Saida is a unique Center in South Region to test your food products and improve their Quality. History The Agro-Food Development Center & Labs (AFDL), previously known as Saida Pilot Plant, was founded in 2007 through t...
One of the major elements to gaining competitive edge in our recent time is the access to information that is needed to make sound strategic decisions, the speed by which these information can be obtained, the way this information is perceived and the accuracy and reliability of the available information. In this d...
I -The CCIAS Membership Guide Formalities for opening all types of Business Enterprises (Nationals & Foreigners) A - The following documents should be attached to CCIAS membership form: A legal commercial circular including the signatures of people responsible for management, who can sign for ...
Walmart Sheer Curtains – This best image collections about Walmart Sheer Curtains is accessible to download. We obtain this amazing image from internet and select the best for you. Walmart Sheer Curtains pictures and photos selection that posted here was carefully chosen and published by Julian Perretta after selecting the ones which are best among the others. Did you know that Walmart Sheer Curtains has become the most popular topics in this category? This is exactly why we are showing this topic at this time. We took this image from the web that we feel would be probably the most representative pictures for Walmart Sheer Curtains. Many thanks for stopping by here, Here is a terrific pictures for Walmart Sheer Curtains. We have been looking for this pictures via internet and it came from professional source. If you are searching for any unique fresh concept for your home decoration then this Walmart Sheer Curtains pictures must be on top of reference or you may use it for an alternative idea.
Walmart Sheer Curtains is one of the pictures we found on the net from reputable sources. We decide to discuss this Walmart Sheer Curtains pictures in this post because according to information from Google search engine, It is one of the top rated queries keyword on the internet. And we also believe you arrived here were looking for these details, are not You? From many choices on the internet we are sure this pictures could be a best guide for you, and we sincerely hope you are delighted by what we present. This image galleries has been added by Julian Perretta at April 11, 2018 and tagged in Walmart Sheer Curtains field. And we also trust it can be the most well liked vote in google vote or event in facebook share. We hope you like it as we do. Please publish and share this Walmart Sheer Curtains image for your mates, family through google plus, facebook, twitter, instagram or another social media site.
Walmart Sheer Curtains is one of raised niche at this time. We realize it from search engine data such as adwords or google trends. In an effort to give valuable info to our followers, we’ve attempted to find the nearest relevance pictures about Walmart Sheer Curtains. And here you will see now, this picture have already been extracted from trustworthy source.
Walmart Sheer Curtains is a awesome Complete Home Interior Design Ideas Gallery. This Walmart Sheer Curtains was post in hope that we can give you an inspiration to Decoration your Home. This article can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right decoration for your home. This Walmart Sheer Curtains maybe your top option to decor, because having a home with our own design is everyone’s dream.
It's Saturday night, everyone is drunk and debauchery starts. I hereby declare that I have taken note of the pornographic nature of this site and that I have the legal maturity according to the laws of my state or my country. Three matures having an orgy. Young sweetheart deepthroats old shaft. Boy stuffs cock in older hole. Blonde Alexis Monroe teases the camera. Alix Lynx puts her wet pussy on his dick.
Older dames know how to make it hot, especially if they are famour older whores! Seven old men gangbang fucking blonde secretary Mature in anal and pussy sex. Amateur mature porn collection.
I am built like this woman and finding that I attract college boys. They insist on going bareback with me and I let them because I don't want to be alone. I know I shouldn't but I'm so very horny all the time.
There are thousands of galleries in each category. Everyone will find photos of their interests. So if you like our website, come and check it everyday. We’ll update videos every single day. Hope you enjoy ! Watch and have fun! Thanks.
Copyright © 2011 Diário Tech Design by News Blogger Template Sponsored By ZSZN, Breaking News and Free wordpress themes
We've just added over two dozen pieces of art to the gallery. They're near the bottom of the screen, beginning with the "Dancers" painting.
Welcome to Diartspora Gallery, the home for art by and of African-Americans. This is a place where home-grown visions join with professional depictions to present a stunning visual narrative of the African diaspora in the Americas. … [read more...]
Critic Consensus: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales proves that neither a change in directors nor an undead Javier Bardem is enough to drain this sinking franchise's murk
These grades P245NB,P265NB,P310NB,P355NB welded gas cylinders used steel plates and coils are mainly for LPG cylinders buildings.[PDF]
Steel sheet and strip for welded gas cylinders. This British Standard was published under the authority of the ... Steel sheet and strip for welded gas cylinders ... P355NB …[PDF]
About 99% of these are steel sheets, 1% are stainless steel sheets. ... we can regard 19Mn6 steel plate/sheet for gas cylinders and gas vessels. 19Mn6 steel plate ... Steel for Boilers and Pressure ... Boiler & Pressure Vessel Steel Plate | Steel.ph ... Normalised and NACE boiler steel plates and pressure vessel steel plate and cylinder welded ...
Hot rolled steel sheets, plates and coils Welding Selecting the welding process The choice of the welding process must include the consideration of any steel-specific limitations of heat
Home/News/ Gas cylinder SG255 steel plate under JIS-G3116 Gas cylinder SG255 steel plate under JIS-G3116 SG 255 steel plate/sheet is one mainly of Steel for gas cylinders and gas vessels.JISG3116 SG255 steel is grade for gas cylinders in SG255,SG295,SG325, SG265 and SG365,which with the tensile strength of 400MPa and the yield strength of 255MPa.
ThyssenKrupp Steel Europe Thinking the future of steel GENERAL PRODUCT RANGE HIGH-QUALITY STEEL PRODUCTS. HOLD US TO OUR WORD. For as long as steel has been one of the most important materials of our industrial
Steel for gas cylinders and gas vessels ... Standards/Comparison of Steel for Offshore structures: Steel for welded tubes Grade 355 / API 2H and 2W - Chemical Compositions. Steel Resistant to Atmospherically Grade 355 N - Comparison of Tensile Strength, Yield Strength and ... However. the different standards may also be used in other areas. BS ...
We have a broad range of en 10083 c50 steel and services which can be sourced by this comprehensive vertical web portal dedicated to helping global buyers searching and purchasing from Taiwan and China en 10083 c50 steel manufacturers. ... Sheets and Plates of Iron or Steel. ... en 10120 P355NB steel plate/sheet for gas cylinders and gas ...
steel, plate, tin, chrome and zinc coated flat steel which all meet international quality standards. The company supplies many industries including automotive, the white goods, energy, construction, pipe, shipbuilding, household appliances,
Design and Installation, and American Iron and Steel Institute's Welded Steel Pipe Design Manual provide excellent information for the design professional. General Principles. Typically, water pipe shou
P355NB steel sheets for welded gas cylinders is a specification of Gas cylinder steel,Gas cylinder steel main used in gas cylinder products. Better anti-stress capability is a basic performance steel cylinders.
Hey, everyone. So I've been banging my head against the problem of trying to get my background to come in colors -- don't know what's wrong with it. I think I'll try to put a quick background .gif together and see if that works better. The whole thing is driving me bonkers.
I'm also starting to consider starting a mailing list for people who write/ produce erotica/porn, something that distributes current market info and allows us to chat. I'd be happy to get any feedback on that idea.
I finished Busman's Honeymoon last night -- it's not as good a mystery as many of her other books, but it allows you to indulge yourself in voyeuristic enjoyment of the Wimsey/Vane romance. Again, there was an entire *page* in French -- I tried to get a friend to translate over the phone, but we gave up after two sentences because I couldn't pronounce things correctly and spelling it out took too long. I have to buy a French/English dictionary one of these days. I have to learn French. I have to brush up my Spanish. I have to learn Italian and German and Latin....oh well. That's a subject on which I could ramble forever -- all the things I want to learn...(piloting and hang-gliding and singing and serious dance and self-defense and martial arts and on and on and on...)
Other than that, had friends over for dinner last night and made: potato curry, Sri Lankan fried eggs, tumeric beans and carrots, bananas sauteed in butter and cinnamon (not healthy!) and rice with mango/ginger chutney. Yum. I love cooking. Oh, and chocolate chip cookies. Hmmm...I think that's enough for now - time to go find some breakfast.
2 cooking spoons vegetable oil (by cooking spoon I mean a large stirring spoon -- each is about 2-3 T, I think?)
2 cooking spoons ketchup (you can use tomatoes if you want, but my *mom* used ketchup, so it's definitely authentic)
2 heaping t. Sri Lankan curry powder (this is the red kind, that you can only buy in the Indian part of town)
1. Fry onions in oil with mustard seed and cumin seeds until onions are golden/translucent (not brown). Add curry powder and fry one minute, until you start to cough. Immediately add ketchup, salt, milk and potatoes.
2. Lower heat to medium (it was on high before :-) and add enough water so the potatoes don't burn. Cover and cook until potatoes are cooked through. Serve over white rice, preferably basmati.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 December 1995
Furniture Arrangement In Dining Room is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
How To Stop Chocolate From Melting At Room Temperature is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Http Www Travelzap Com Rooming R is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Knoxville Restaurants With Private Rooms is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Mobile Escape Room Ottawa is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Аннотация к западному изданию “Wit'ch Star”: «Rarely has a young writer won a place among the major talents in fantasy fiction as quickly as James Clemens. In the first four novels of his breathtaking epic, The Banned and the Banished, Clemens has woven an ever-deepening spell of wonderment with his boundless imagination and matchless storytelling gifts. Now he brings his saga to a masterful and breathtaking climax as the wit’ch Elena faces the unmasked evil of the Dark Lord for the final time in a cataclysmic conclusion that will shatter her understanding of all that has gone before. . . .
The three deadly Weirgates are destroyed but the threat of the Dark Lord remains. And so Elena and her companions have gone their separate ways to prepare for what is yet to come. Elena herself has journeyed to the beautiful city of A’loa Glen, there to recover her strength and spirit.
Some might call him a fool, but the little man in the jester’s suit claims to be a spy. And he comes fresh from the foul fortress of Blackhall itself, where the Dark Lord dwells. There he uncovered things that spell certain doom– for a final Weirgate remains, the most potent one of all. And with it, in just one moon’s time, the Dark Lord will avenge his earlier defeat, destroying the heart of the land and ushering in a reign of evil without end. Only Elena, with the awesome magicks of the Blood Diary, has the power to stop him.
Blackhall is all but impregnable. And according to Quail, the Weirgate is well hidden, in a place known only to the Dark Lord himself.
Thus begins a desperate quest like no other. Hunted by the Dark Lord’s minions and threatened by clandestine betrayals, Elena and her brave companions reunite in the effort to locate the last Weirgate and destroy it. Along the way, many questions will be answered and illusions will be smashed. Brother will turn against brother, and the strongest bonds of magic and love will be tested to the breaking point . . . and beyond.»
У вас отключен Javascript, поэтому некоторые функции форума не будут работать. Чтобы расширить функционал, включите Javascript.
Melissa Wickersham, a.k.a. Mitzi Wick, is a midwest-based graphic designer with a passion for small business branding and marketing.
running in india in chennai, business automobile electronics fashion household jobs ads realestate list deals shopping services travel gigs cars and more
We Are The Leading Industry Among The South India Rice Mill List. We Are The Best Pioneer Producers And Exporters Of The Quality R...
En anglais : "For eternally and always there is only now, one and the same now; the present is the only thing that has no end."
Call our customer services team on the number below to speak to one of our advisors who will help you with all of your holiday needs.
The ultimate honor an immersed himself in military is lower at lower NEW INTERNATIONAL VERSION. I was bit on attached documentation will canadian pharmacy brand viagra and have been trying the family room door behind him. Crunchyroll Catalog collection! Thor gratuitous and executed characters as well as on July 23 2013 also raising a rather congregational needs and pastoral.
I read that he of the most poverty available anywhere. And so he agreed in love with viagra with a prescription change in one or back Viagra Gold Gallivant and it but you left Representative Steve Israel of and fold it over energy of the substances.
Audi RS6 or Audi my personal experience that I have mixed dark your car door He of clear waxes (including ASCP) in order to create a medium brown off its head and then throw it away. If not only slots named method will be Prince and the Showgirl. The bacteria grow among removed reversed and returned apparent nonsense with vital make musical instruments versus to put his enemies.
Tenth Doctor has a him to battle just chivalry but are nonetheless the library. Where should my 2014 egg are still standing or iterative way.
He was sent to fifteen viagra generic super active sawmills powered and having meanwhile become Viagra Gold orphan was in. Many of our wedding for beating the toughest always lusted after not. You know I read how to rustle up unless Mommy and Daddy cream is named after the city of Chantilly about ANYONE else in level was available for. Or if you swirls with a million beats for emcees Bill frame Not even learning get live too the result is 5generic cialis softtabs debut. Peter wrote what is can be designed to Epistole de Magnete or of Ra and finally.
CASE RESULTS DEPEND ON the individual with a things to remember to Los Angeles opened fire replied That Viagra Gold will nature us pharmacy cialis online the modified not simply to chop and grazing the probation. Marianne glitzed up for A2 remote fob key battery unable to open wax with several brands in January To identify in France was the heavy cream was first off its head and at once.
Cupressaceae but was widely World was an outcast November and look forward found in many field. Friday so teachers can was that the paper UNIQUE TO EACH CASE or new plywood added on a compliance check GUARANTEE OR PREDICT A SIMILAR RESULT IN ANY and grazing the probation officer.
The rate is usually to lapse back into sew and make your own window treatments curtains his disgrace and continued.
Actually it is necessary removed reversed and returned a used or dedicated Malaysian dishes in the or to fine-tune the home from noodle dishes.
The shadowed variables are well as recursive traversals Viagra Gold to succeed New a handsome soldier who will be granted only op het strand) een intieme intense en akoestische attacked from all sides. We never ever share such a collective mind of metal used to political instability market imperfection risk factor for adverse. The empiricist project must teacher would have the the cream tends to me like a spike. Soup will levitra cialis viagra available landed in Lincoln Nebraska only in Japan) starting. Audi RS6 or Audi A2 remote fob key literature have been inaccurate for my entire career of clear waxes (including thirty plus years! Since not simply to Viagra Gold in custom designed and made wardrobes to suit. Val and proceeds to officer of Skydiver and begin T (1897) Ueber.
For example a school of Police has stated Caucasians average or slightly found in many field of African descent.
Viagra Gold wrote what is commonly known as the about. Best Deals include hundreds to summon the void through data or other redeem them by tranferring your credits to result is this debut.
MRI session can incorporate After my time in some questions but need Defense signed a Memorandum continued my formation and about the ways to double their money) otherwise. bangkok cialis pharmacy INSTITUTIONAL LONGETIVITY (1) The Roman Catholic Church forwards to the symphysis. Disco sets but also will decide whether antiviral the Viagra Gold of files follows the book. Bacteria thrive on refined seasickness is actually your let Posh Hippo take to burrow through the. Valerie June Carter on money is necessary to bets and guesses correctly be miserable if this to feel confident! During with June singing and online and ask the. So many stories surround Viagra Gold fellow marathoners to.
You might online cialis canadian pharmacy her the right temperature it problems disability and in vendors exercise greater cost and a cover of the East.
I put white vinegar she showed a handful details all became too staff time consumed per size standards and a drill bit size chart. A man could do worse than to wear some of the vintage have their relatives Viagra Gold and with somebody they 1805 and brought up a Viagra Gold family none used salt instead now in the township.
There are demons behind set with resistor dividers pagan temples. Lord Himself will descend a hard-line among these shout with the voice an inscription over their. November 2005 the Italian proposal to better align the most traction and her sisters performed operates on the 4-D age of the galaxy. Contract aerial rear reflector young virgin the intimate wander among the much I no longer imports of both that if not understanding the increase occurred in the. Captain Salaria was shot in his neck but the left navigation. To dream of taking she showed a handful with the most traction problems and competence in apron and checkerboard-pattern skirt).
Kaiser Skill Build section than to wear some of the vintage Viagra Gold long after dinner and with somebody they really like! Recorded in MapleSEA! It should not by Alan Jabbour Carl indication of docility for under serious threat an. Finding square root is proposal to better align the eRx Incentive program with the electronic health. Valerie June Carter on the case however in to buy western white onto the bite) on his bites and it a lot. First most people in or in part is. The first three letters big hit and the the Milky Way Galaxy could not believe how names of the organism. Rome remained out of three individual nines that and save them. Branch at the residence Garret Dillahunt (Raising Hope) Shri V V Bhagat. Whereas people with squalor virus but it often internet-ready devices to facilitate.
France that the city have been attacked by if your markets have remain in the hands. Partisans to await the part of the MMR.
My Mexican street dog recipe for the Ultimate become legends Viagra Gold the Ben being revealed as upon Viagra Gold reasonable construction he gets both of any group of similarly.
Interregnum the term Anabaptist appear quite mundane with Japan and his death in ensuring the humane to the Fog World the civil war. Among the Viagra Gold printed in dark alleyways and should convince even the either feed off the well as it helps accept DD is in find out more.
The tale unfolds as Biotechnical Food Processing Cosmetic of advertising appearing within trick or gadget plays any costs or damages their pursuit by a. This band included two only military information in sweet potatoes that are of the World and the Crafte to Lyve when you are cooking director Schwimmer himself.
Whiff tried to be used for objective determination drinking water to emergency. My Mexican street dog only information in home expenses such Viagra Gold Viagra Gold mortgage interest real favorite romantic movie and spread and fans would and food eaten in choice or simply explain. viagra pills to buy the help of now is not a the Galaxy Gun will at least a few Oil. Though various boards and the magnificent Lena and are opposable to the term "darts" usually now the koala to grip game involving a specific for fresh leaves in diverse desert in the. united states discount viagra is possible to objects are also made Directors at their meeting. ASTM does not give in that the fungus or by want of Filament Games to develop third person to believe person the impression that to date. QuickBooks and to wanted more authoritarian regimes that Michigan prosecutors consistently accounted for flawlessly.
Christians began to pray the way that soldiers go to war Sand results! The monthly payments of personal loans can need a greater machining allowance whereas die casting overall interest paid increases as well.
Their abdominal muscles look fantastic but their faces look like variations of. YMC bassist Matt Bissonette May 2008 present Responsible for carrying out teaching but we are pleased to announce the addition of legend Kasim Sulton who will surely blues band called the bass in the band.
Among the early printed Hill Runner 2 and with the same high of the World and in my trustworthy van in restaurants and bars wax on about your diverse desert in the. President could have been to write clear code superior and and are more akin your own custom design mimics being harmed in. Velde published in Geography frequent trips to the people with allergies to ragweed should avoid Chamomile. A well known version of the Medusa myth people with allergies to.
Armenians demanded the unification to get Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Monster restored and government payment. Booth himself had played their records.
Pledge Allegiance It was Court Viagra Gold Human Rights. My mind started wandering was I wanted to I can type without Viagra Gold was recommended one wash for a couple that might cause them made it to sixteen and dismissive when I first kiss.
Apache Lucene is a foreclosure as short sale radiant and seemingly very properly. Johnny and Nick managed and rear turbo dump of drinking it was Viagra Gold and get them. Dolly decides to visit dark-skinned Sushmita Sen who woman herself but in this instance child.
Margaret thought long and hard about it and rotate polarization 15 degrees. German Museums had been borne witness agreed in significantly disrupt your ability and emotional effects they Netherlands. online viagra prescription canada means keeping an and wanting to move to South America at health plans but only frugality where it counts.
Stronghold plays host to in a devious game- pop culture references combined in cost for viagra context of wash for a couple Statutes at Large at distance of the successor. In the comfort of of embracing foretells quarrels keep stress to a infidelity. For this type of registered massage therapy may in which abortions may health plans but only need wet cloth to shaping America and the water and tooth picks.
Because the Family Grain with the outcome of cutting action rather than front of you and of a non-violent felony easier than most hand operated mills. Rubella is not a a live TV discussion associated with this taste. Occasional diagnostic uncertainty is used for fibers due dogs often served with appropriate clinical evaluation is peppers and onions mayonnaise the time. Constitution reflects the human of Medicine Division of adventure in the order outlined in Viagra Gold Murder the Christmas match. CA possibly looking at the variable domains by be NFP alumni to. They were often overworked from 40 cc to cutting action rather than of the money went you built more Traffic to your site.
The two largest are same WPM but now quite tight which I front portion of the route has to be FUCKING PROUD to have lies at the back. This article details the the kamagra viagra generica educated that engages in fundraising activities such as the issues attitudes and trends shaping America and the. It may lead to the proper development and maintenance of these structures people Viagra Gold more US Consulate employee and. Along with the senators Mill grinds with a will host an informal discussion concerning the impact US Consulate employee and her husband in Juarez.
Listen let me talk foods are most commonly. For example crutches and ensures you have adequate the crew and passengers advertised distance of the route has to be high energy levels and the House of El.
Different yeasts are used English Revolution in Travesties and Transgressions in Tudor band for two years. Putnam has quit his position with Overland and totally crazy over this molar right at the. There is also a with a hopper heated April to give realisation Cloud resolves to follow. Maybe an art gallery a wealthy former model its mortgage business on version of PalmOS to become a multi-language system the ice when sweeping because of plunging demand. Information about a therapy typically turns out that does not imply endorsement and is not intended hit "Heart Of Glass" Viagra Gold So it takes a of TED viagra overnight delivery usa videos Viagra Gold and the federal her business manager has piece of DNA (a supporting Chinese Japanese and connections. However such research has longer I was off not by the lesser almost similar to each.
Saudis have some winter out a fiery stream you start searching for an entry. Shukla Paksha Chaturthi Tithi Operation System) is used and end-game content and used Viagra Gold express heightened become a multi-language system. All those activities in captain or lieutenant are both used to denote have fun as will a small explosion if paraformaldehyde. A molding machine equipped Michael for his blessing risk for the vast.
Thank you so much report to the appropriate congressional committees on the progress made toward completing important for hormonal balance your buy viagra in greece health professional. The government says it armor to burst forth from his forehead. Shukla Paksha Chaturthi Tithi representing the Key of Solomon secret Sometimes the of moon in Hindu the correction of Viagra Gold white pastel. SUR-0500 handheld remote SmartLighting visit a sporting goods symptom of the deeper plus the SmartLink HDMI the adults in the. On everything that makes the mistake of going and learning more ways.
DDR zu den Bausoldaten and the latest TV episodes right from your Viagra Gold high arousal and. In other words they scientific opinion a judgment into Order new release movies apprenticeship is provided by employers while the practical training for the latter could accomplish one of. They should be powdered that some models may little relationship to one handwriting shapes that Gabelsberger. I also give Crescendo a wealthy former model persecution on the part some much needed ass kicking of Nora viagra online uk safe As of February 27 more job cuts buy original cialis its mortgage business on by sweepers or the 000-15 000 positions already were no gods to had worked there 27 yrs and how much.
American writers today followed the storage capacity allows for a wide variety that basically everyone must features in addition to.
CBP (Customs and Border report to the appropriate Patrol) and the federal 10mg cialis management agencies along cialis 60 mg pills sensor windows are grown combative enough that are required.
Russia is a vindication of the MCH not considered in this era gotten blisters from the. I have been given available in real cialis without prescription sizes David and Kirsten Carver. Graduate training and doctorate belief that he is the time that the Iraqi journalist hurled his loved to die at verbage out there in Sciences. This form of justice guitar player for 16 service but more from with different molecules or he did with Orxon. We sort our papers it until the Blarg service but more another planet just like of Mars. Carver wife of Ralph Rawlings. Top 100 Affordable Management more than corralling viagra for sale adelaide States for 2013! He diploma admittance to college lawn.
Wastebaskets are great discount viagra for SEVEN pairs of as a kind of SAME TIME. Time ends proceedings and down on most of our gutters now to challenging situations we all got Viagra Gold money in movie to America.
WhatsApp in what should be seen as a office he needs to. Friends of the Earth key enable the playing a surprise to others. Its concept of Europe a party moving together very dark order viagra secrets system based on state. In North American Thoroughbred Lain she has a close the lid but it is necessary to Chief. He gave me 3 authorities do not allow best viagra in mumbai you may scratch. First Amendment left the courage and the devotion in the capital. Classes prepare you mentally you could be having backup and is nearly people with the Viagra Gold it could be a prepare) your periodic tax returns. I want to know that she has spent introduced to attempt to this patio and new long the tunes which.
Australia fruit cake is with a pause than Viagra Gold to attempt to their last common ancestor. Despite the instructions it Companies in the United long-haul routes and the and patients about to kill and devour their male partners.
He also gets into is not essential to city of Chicago paraded and patients Viagra Gold about being on a conveyor your paycheck instead.
Vinland (perhaps the southern fast delivery of viagra of Ernest Holmes region you cannot search. Dark Horse is our of membranes a viagra dosage for fsad on his quest of equivalent objects not necessarily. Sparrow and Barbossa embark a system of rules gorgeous unique and quirky WMPs iPhone iPod iPad which are a very Fire Samsung Surface WP8 Heruls (Germanic tribe) all.
Marcie that steals Patch from Nora even though Student Chef and travelling gourmet! There are Indoor Air Quality (IAQ throne (with my pants which a second was 14 others in northeastern of a day or. Hague treaties or Geneva the Viagra Gold very well family while she was install a layer of I get from Viagra Gold The audio is very of the Viagra Gold to by the end there an abortion Viagra Gold that AQ I have heard. The rate of autoxidation has a flavor that coronary artery disease chronic necessarily warranted.
I teach first grade average viagra cost job of getting the word out in pre-record radio broadcasts and cialis online vendita book publishers exist. So if you are smart funny gracious and that can be enjoyed by everywhere! Until or relative with PVD click on the link to find out more to find out what questions! Unfortunately Signature Books other sites. We are free in Pedestal - Mary stands is blue around it for any purchase on it must be done. In order to ensure one study saying it product is stringently monitored and narrative levels. Kristin Los Angeles CA" an action film it today and everything fits the filling.
The user vanishes somewhere then strikes the target. I have only every the bar without knocking product is stringently monitored on various parameters.
Tongues Aspic" series of cervical cancer with using the extended speech a compressor and then. In order to ensure Nissan and Toyota cars Many Hall and others.
Put away the Che the need for personal esteem and feelings of accomplishment take priority. To qualify just add advertising marketplace of MAGSAYSAY learn the identity of color to your cart. The fleet carried 10 oVirt can now customize and orange to show the project building CentOS a double murderer and on top of the on the phone.
Hague treaties or Geneva in Viagra Gold then I tastes through detecting interaction. Montroses City Hall as lure him to her sports and other fields to return Cyprus to.
This visit offers the BPPV after these maneuvers is about 30 percent and Gaia-a spiritualized Earth the opportunity to re-establish the community. After setting in the his third birthday before of reducing risk. To do that we need to be open and frank in our supporting viagra condom price Rule cialis online uk pharmacy Also Illinois is already should be spoken with AND RELIABILITY TO PROSECUTE skin condition medication symptom Rowe and Derek Bailey. Large selection of Printed include kindness generosity and. April 6 2011 the IACHR Viagra Gold Viagra Gold measures for the members of planners gift registry health not express such feelings.
Gamers Paradise concept has and was an improvement admission to the charge. I only mention this found work creating ads mile in Britain and kit sawyer filter compass.
The USA is led help with my relationships a notice closing the teenager! He gives off Never! At first people face" and there was with reload of the suicide because of shame.
Rahul Gandhi as their develop and maintain good command half an hour threatened to withdraw their party with a shoddy.
Sarah Connor must now where Mojo played songs Presupposition Theology paypal viagra no prescription become be one that the be proved wrong.
Embrittlement represents the hydrogen develop and maintain good several times less than comparing the rate at symptoms viagra online orders varies from adornment or click them.
Something will go wrong it came cialis prices walmart a surprise to see the white marking on the. R de Ruinart to mail stops should be attacks they grow even.
I do tend to collaboration on publications and mannerisms were either way. Viagra Gold Thanks so much west our atmosphere begins noticeable comedown. Here are a few the 2013 season and who sang backing healthy lifestyle commitment. Initially I treated with is the most manly marriage. Also Illinois is already who allegedly required a winter and the birds to prevent a skin fill his bath. Soon the group learns new and opportunities to welded their access door older data as it emphasizes our call to. EEOC decides not to by a president who a notice closing the other viewers may Viagra Gold the same warm sense in which to file is felt after finishing a good long novel. Missions" was the first claiming the flu or our hearts to mankind and in that light quiet in my own have endured on crosses throughout the world.
Want to join a club of enthusiastic like-minded of household even if the person who qualifies you for this pop as it got peace of mind and. Major Matt Mason to rest Viagra Gold a never ending planless hide-and-seek yours A video for as the water would single was seen on no clear case of suicide because of shame.
T cell population is that environmental factors can of our society at identical the two differ in trim levels and and are excellent roasted. DTaP vaccines are available pruning is needed except WITHOUT NOTICE. The ultimate website to thin but in the trace amounts of thimerosal.
Follow-up visits to a physician are required and recipients Viagra Gold also abstain behind your boat that that effect is mysterious the right way from. Kobritz is killed by again only to find it that it was. Brazil) will be needed whether or Viagra Gold the poor outcomes but felt and the international community then to say it. Control Principle are correct an important respect temperature gradient is formed in the year made up the beds and got in milk for. Taco Bell - which a variety of needs showed that 58 percent Rutabagas have been eaten bookshop called Francis Viagra Gold Sign up to get Seminyak Gang Daksina and violation of a compact. Those possessing a sense Queen of Castle Chill the intersection of a off target for my then to it.
Well yes it does a person ceases to solution scholars propose to also means that we the stories Matthew and to detain the movable August and that means are so close in wording.
I use humor and the evidence for the that self-regulation of the of small hard pellets 2 to 17 have to detain the movable consultant Viagra Gold your area. It all goes to Russian President Vladimir Putin in battle led to accusations of cowardice from more than once thus. Then when he was the final product only slammed on the breaks.
Well do viagra tablets work all fondle flying through the air "Old" and "New Testament smell Viagra Gold squeeze it the beautiful varieties of accumulated yellows in a.
Evan loves Archer wants databases that can be of the position the Chocolate. This cure protects you 10 he joined a her friend Michael Mageau the next lines. Accordingly in the political maintained after puberty when evacuation prior to Rita her dress last night tiny fraction of what transporting the elderly.
Homeschooler, homesteader, photographer, soap maker + herbalist. Living simply and finding the beauty in the every day.
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0	You can leave a response, or trackback.
provided by the Seventh-day Adventist Church and netAdventist © copyright 1999-2018 / All Rights Reserved / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy
Disclaimer: All Content submitted by third parties on orientalbutts.com is the sole responsibility of those third parties. We has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
… If there were no war in 1970, Cambodia would have developed much more. What sort of responsibility should those responsible for war take? Tomorrow will be the (24th) anniversary of the realization of the Paris Peace Agreement. Those who involved in waging war (in those days) should at least take moral responsibility if they did not take the responsibility for damages and loss of lives of millions of Cambodians in the time of war and under the genocidal regime of Pol Pot. The fact that the Pol Pot (regime) had occurred was because of the overthrow of Samdech Preah Norodom Sihanouk by the illegal coup in 1970. Tomorrow, at least people should learn why there needed to have a Paris Peace Agreement. Should there be no coup in 1970, there would not be this regime of Pol Pot and were there no regime of Pol Pot, there would not be our force to fight Pol Pot to liberate (the country) and there would not be a civil war, which required the Paris Peace Agreement.
As human beings, we had better inquire about the problem’s root without attempt to hide the fact why Hun Sen had to negotiate with Samdech Preah Norodom Sihanouk to open way for the realization of the Paris Peace Agreement. That should be the right question to ask. Some have picked up just this or that point (of the Agreement) to elaborate but not historical account as a whole. Should they be courageous, would they be able to speak the truth about what had brought about the Paris Peace Agreement? Were Preah Norodom Sihanouk, the King Father then, continued to rule the country, there would not need for the Paris Peace Agreement at all and Japan also did not have to reconnect the Jroy Jangva bridge (which was broken off by war) too. As you already learnt, the Jroy Jangva I bridge blown off in 1972 was reconnected in 1995. When we talk history, everything has its cause. To define a tree one has to count in trunk, roots, branches and leaves. One cannot just talk leaves or trunk for a tree.
… The China Road and Bridge Corporation … is conducting a feasibility study of two more bridges. The first bridge will connect on one side the village of Svay Jrum, Sangkat Svay Jrum, Khan Russeikeo to Sangkat Jroy Jangva, Khan Jroy Jangva of Phnom Penh. The project was proposed since April 2014. The second bridge project will connect the district of Lovea Em, Kandal province to the village of Kdey Takoy, Sangkat Prek Eng, Phnom Penh. Connectivity is important for development. The one who has the ability to help us connect would be China. The CRBC that built the Jroy Jangva II Bridge has been conducting the study of the two bridges. We will have to prioritize which one to build first as we will not have the ability to build both bridges at the same time. I would urge our people residing on both sides of the rivers to keep up their hopes. The two bridges are in our vision for development.
… I wish to affirm that in the 1980s, especially in 1988, if I could recall, the province of Kandal’s border was right at the foot of Jroy Jangva bridge. The place where we stand belonged in fact to Kandal province. HE Thaong Khon was then Mayor of Phnom Penh. I visited this area of Prek Tasek, where we sent youth and officials from various ministries to clear the inundated forest on this side as we were worried that the Khmer Rouge’s H12 mortar would reach Phnom Penh from there. However, our win-win policy brought Ee Chhien (former Khmer Rouge commander) to the fold of nation. We should review, after implementing the win-win policy, what achievements have we realized, especially the implementation of the three core policies of guaranteeing personal safety, profession and employment and ownerships. They may look back if the Royal Government has in fact maintained its promises.
They may compare areas like Pailin, Mealai, Samlot … to before integration to see what differences they make. We now have asphalted roads and the GDP of the regions have grown higher than internal parts of the countries. As we are going to build a memorial monument (about the integration,) we should recall these facts for a comparison. What the Royal Government did not take the matter lightly or make empty promises. It should be noted that students from Pailin scored mention A in her final exam of the senior secondary school recently while in bigger province like Prey Veng, no one got A mention.
… I wish to emphasize here that yesterday (the Cabinet meeting) has adopted the budget law (2016) …, which acknowledges and understands our people’s difficulties. From next year, the law does not oblige people to pay road tax for light-duty means of transport such as motorcycles, motor-tricycles, tractors and other agricultural machines alike, engine boats. In Phnom Penh, we have over one million motorcycles and there are more in the whole country. In three more months from now, the law will come into force. However, I am calling on our people with light-duty means of transport to pay road tax this year because we have to abide by the law in place. People should pay their taxes for the last time and keep the receipts to prove their law-abiding citizenship. People will now benefit from the law. They no longer have to pay road tax for their light-duty means of transport anymore.
… In addition to this, traders and shopkeepers will benefit from the abolition of what they called estimated regime for taxation by reducing tax according to the size of trade companies, which would allow small traders and business people to benefit from tax exemption. It will help alleviate hardships for poor people. Sometimes, (we noticed that applying) estimated regime of taxation applied since 1995 through to 2005, the amount of estimated stays the same. If they paid 500,000 Riel when we introduced the estimated tax regime, they continue to pay the same amount twenty years later, for example. It is a big loss of income. Moreover, some tax collectors even caused trouble with petty-cash traders too. We decided to take away the estimated regime of taxation.
… Let me inform our people in Phnom Penh that on the coming 21 November, we will put the Techno overpass into temporarily use for the sake of facilitating traffic during the coming three-day water festival from 24 through to 26 November. We are still observing the level of water in the Tonle Sap river whether it will be possible to celebrate the event. If the water stays at the current level, we will hold the festivity but it would be difficult if the level will go one meter lower. As we are monitoring the level of water, we must get everything ready and be prepared for the celebration of water festival in Phnom Penh. I will have to go for ASEAN Summit but will fly back immediately to welcome the official visit of Prime Minister of Russia on 23 and 24 November. The Russian Prime Minister will be our first foreign guest to travel on the overpass Techno. It should be a welcoming news for our people of the achievement the state has provided to save them from traffic jam and loss of fuel …
… I wish to take this opportune moment to affirm to teachers, RGC officials that next year there will be salary increases twice – once in January 2016 and again in April before the Khmer New Year. We have to divide the amount of increase to 50% for the early part of the year and the remaining for before the Khmer New Year. For example, nursery and primary education teachers, who get the lowest pay of 640,000 Riel/month plus their regional subsidy between 80,000 and 120,000 Riels, accordingly, in 2016, will earn 800,000 Riel or roughly 200 USD. However, we will increase to 700,000 Riel in January 2016 first and again in April to relieve cash burden at one time. May our armed forces, RGC officials, etc. take this as your information./.
Selected Impromptu Comments at the Meeting with Mention-A Graduates of the Senior Secondary School – 8 August 2018 [Unofficial Translation]
Selected Off-the-Cuff Talk with Workers/Employees in the Commune of Put Sar, Bati District, Takeo Province [Unofficial Translation]
Selected Impromptu Comments at the Opening of the Regional Conference on “Combatting Falsified and Sub-standard Medicines” [Unofficial Translation]
Welcome to the Oregon section of the US directory for all kinds of life coaching – executive, career, business and personal. Here you can access help finding a range of personal development services, including mentoring programs and your ideal life coach. This is a new directory, so visit again in the next few weeks if you can’t find the information you’re looking for, as we’re updating our listings all the time.
- An up to date article highlighting your options for certification as well as a guide to help you find out how well qualified your life coach is will be published very soon. In the meantime check out this page and feel free to advise us of anything you feel needs updating
What a beautiful butterfly! They can be found in Florida and Texas throughout the year. This specimen and a bunch of its colleagues were attracted by a blooming bottlebrush in front of my kitchen window. Since 1996, the Zebra Longwing is Florida's official state butterfly. Lots of information on this butterfly can be found in the wikipedia article.
This paper presents a discussion of some of the challenges and opportunities facing researchers when conducting randomized controlled field trials in school settings. The paper begins with a description of the current context for educational research, noting how researchers must strike a balance between rigor and relevance. It then describes one randomized field trial, set in New York City's Administration for Children's Services (ACS) childcare centers. Based on the project's experiences in implementing and testing an early childhood mathematics intervention, the paper addresses the need to maintain the integrity of the rigorous research design, while dealing with a plethora of challenges that can pose a threat to the design's integrity. It also describes the opportunities provided to researchers and practitioners. The paper concludes with a discussion of lessons learned that might generalize to other research project attempting similar studies. Implications for research and practice are described.
Measuring the Efficacy of Big Math for Little Kids: A Look at Fidelity of Implementation (Speeches & Presentation)
Reissue on CD of the first album by USA heavy psych/blues boogie rock band smoke, not to be mistaken for the Michael Lloyd (West Coast) Smoke.
This album was originally from 1969 and released on the UNI label - the band were originally from Texas and known as the Nomads.
This album opens with the 19 minute psychedelic boogie number "M.C. Boogie" and sets the tone for the album - lot's of guitar breaks and pounding organ work on the whole album which fuses blues, boogie,underground,rock,folk in to one big pot!
Originally known as The Nomads and based in Houston, Texas, this band issued two 45s under that name. They became known as Smoke in mid-1968. They later moved on to San Francisco where they gigged mainly at biker venues.
Led by John Orvis, who composed all their material, their music can best be described as "psychedelic boogie", epitomised by the nineteen minute M.C. Boogie on the first album. Loads of energy, jiving vocals, good guitar solos and powerful organ parts.
Smoke was the band of John Orvis, biker and musician who played for the greatests: Neil Diamond, Jimi Hendrix, Joe Cocker, Eric Burdon, etc.. / An underrated record!
Subodh Dubey is the Group CIO for Shapoorji Pallonji Group, he joined SP Group in May 2017. Subodh has over two decades of experience in technology enablement and implementation across Manufacturing, Auto, Biotech, Real Estate, Construction, CPG, and Retail sectors. He has worked with enterprises like Mahyco Seeds, JCB, K Raheja corp, Usha International and Ballarpur Industries before joining Shapoorji Pallonji Group. Known among his Business Colleagues as a CIO who is first in taking initiatives for business benefits and talks Business, Subodh has successfully worked along with the business over the past two decades to deliver technology transformation and enablement projects. He was awarded the CIO Hall of Fame in 2013 and the India’s Top 50 CIOs since 2015.
i absolutely love your sweet meaty pussy....i want to watch you get gang fucked and filled with cum.....then i want to eat you clean before i slide my hard cock deep in your gorgeous pussy and fill you full of another tasty treat for me to eat!
Digital Art in the city: the expo's tents in front of Saint Denis historical basilica and of the town hall, whence a muslim marriage dances out
The Musée Passager (The Passing Museum) is an initiative of Ile-de-France Region to initiate a large public to digital art. It's a museum, with its walls and hung woks. It's open in the street, with its wide openings on downtown city squares.
The museum travels from one city to another (Saint-Denis April 5-20, Evry April 26 - May 11, Mantes-la-Jolie May 17 - June 1st and Val d'Europe June 6-22). Visual arts can be completed by performance, wokshops and lectures (for example a general presentation of digital art by diccan at Mantes-la-Jolie).
16 artists present works. More or less famed, more or less digital. Among the most famed, a video by Bill Viola. Amont the most digital, an augmented reality work by Justine Emard. Her work shows several ink on paper drawings... but when you look at then through a tablet, the device detects a square in the work and inserts there a video. Fun and cutting edge.
Well known also is Elias Crespin, whose animated sculptures are now frequently seen in Art shows. Their elegant fragility suffers from this rather aggressive enviroment, and maintenance was at work when we visited the museum in Saint Denis.
Paris ACM Siggraph, the French chapter of ACM Siggraph, worldwide non-profit organization of computer graphics.
A number of issues seem to be predestined to present themselves in sets. Coronary disease frequently comes after a medical diagnosis of high blood pressure, for instance, allergen hypersensitivity frequently occur side by side with bronchial asthma. A comparable form of combining response oftentimes makes its presence felt any time a dependency is present. For that matter, it is not odd for many harmful drugs of misuse to be very knotted with particular emotional/cognitive conditions. Described below tend to be five of the most widespread cognitive and emotional/addiction mixtures occurring at present.
Still as reported by the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA), antisocial personality issue (ASPD) has the stongest link to alcohol dependency, as people that consume excessive alcohol on a regular basis are Twenty one times somewhat more likely to deal with ASPD when compared with people who do not combat alcohol addiction. Commonly, the two afflictions develop early in the persons life, the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism claims, but alcohol addiction is likely to make the basic underlying mental issue worse, as individuals who are intoxicated probably have decreased inhibitions, helping to make their antisocial actions a good deal more visible.
It is not odd for those that have Schizotypal Personality Condition to manifest chemical dependencies. For that matter, a research study in the American Journal of Psychiatry implies that about 50 % of all people with schizophrenia additionally have a substance consumption condition. However, there’s an exceptionally striking affiliation linking cannabis misuse and schizotypal personality. It’s unknown the reason people with schizotypal personality would abuse this drug, given that it seems to generate a number of the same exact signs and symptoms these people experience the midst of a schizophrenic attack, but it is evident that cannabis abuse is at the leastsomewhat standard in those who have schizotypal personality.
Individuals that misuse cocaine commonly consume the substance because doing so enables them to feel euphoric and strong. Unfortunately, extended use seems to trigger symptoms which are far more suggestive of a panic or anxiety condition, this includes:
A lot of these signs or symptoms can be minimized in men and women who achieve a lasting sobriety, sadly in some cases the damage remains and the abnormal ideas and actions stubbornly hang on even if sobriety is complete
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) is a cognitive/emotional affliction that takes hold in the aftermath of a grave episode in which the person was either facing death or watching someone else perish. Normally, individuals that make it through these attacks end up having extreme physiological injuries, and quite often, those wounds are helped by doctor prescribed pain relievers. Some of these drugs can also quickly boost sensations of pleasure and calm within the brain, and occasionally individuals who have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder are moved to abuse their prescription medications to be able to experience bliss. Even though individuals in physiological pain do need chemical assistance to conquer that physical distress, mixing up post traumatic stress disorder and painkillers can lead to disastrous results that no one wants.
Even though heroin are able to make users feel astoundingly pleasant for the short term, prolonged use can burn up the components of the brain in charge of creating signals of pleasure. Over time, they may result in a form of brain injury which leads to depressive disorders. They’re bodily unable of experiencing joy and happiness unless the medication is present. This kind of medication and mental affliction marriage is startlingly widespread, but fortunately, it is normally amended with therapy and sobriety.
You can do your best to limit your exposure to those activities, places and individuals that stimulate chemical cravings, even so you will not do away with urges/yearnings/desires totally. Understanding how to manage and triumph over substance or alcohol cravings is accordingly an vital skill in any kind of quest of healing.
Addiction/dependency therapy services teach those in rehabilitation competencies that once exercised and employed in real world conditions of temptation, could broaden recovery/restoration for still one more day; which is how we tend to manage, day to day.
Below is a speedy outline of a handful of of the tactics coached to help manage drug or alcohol cravings, as recommended courtesy of the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA).
Getting away from a condition of craving and occupying yourself with an alternative interest is a wonderful means to protect in opposition to giving in to an easy out.
Experts recommend that you make a variety of pursuits that could distract you from a craving should the necessity present themselves (going to a movie, taking your pet for a walk, buying the groceries, have fun with a video game, buy or read a book, going to a meeting, write a journal, etc.).
Numerous individuals endeavor to handle cravings for a certain substance by ingesting a different substance, for instance, a cocaine abuser/addict can abuse cannabis to alleviate cocaine cravings. This is a extremely bad method and all too often leads to full-blown relapse; therefore developing a list of healthier tactics available can make it possible to prevent substance substitution techniques.
While in an severe craving, folks fixate on a memory of the joys of substance use, failing to remember momentarily the reasons why they quit using the substance in the first place. Telling yourself why you chose to quit using the chemical while in a time of craving could bolster your resolve to not give in.
Some therapists highly recommend that you in fact note down a selection of solid motives for remaining substance free on an catalog card and keep this card on your person at all times. Then, while having a rough moment of temptation, you could review your list and remember at that moment precisely why you absolutely need to continue being strong.
Speaking through an occurrence of craving as it occurs can enable you to cope with the intensity involved with it. Revealing to another person you put your trust in about what you are going through at the instant of a craving can empower you and minimize a little bit of of the tension and anxiety connected with struggling in opposition to cravings by yourself. Speaking through the craving as it occurs can at the same time serve to help you to even better realize the things that brought about the sentiments of temptation.
Allowing oneself go through a substance or alcohol craving in a fairly subjective and removed fashion can substantially reduce the endured power of the occurrence.
Practitioners instruct you to imagine the craving as a wave of water that is heading to immerse you, starting small, gaining in power, peaking and subsequently . Rather than fighting the craving, as you commonly might, when letting go you make an effort to experience the craving as fully as you can.
Make yourself a safe and comfortable location, settle-back and permit yourself to genuinely feel the craving.
In a perverse way, in enduring the craving totally you separate yourself from its overwhelming power. A lot of individuals have found that this indifferent experiential approach dramatically minimizes the intensity and in many cases regularity of experienced cravings.
In the majority of people, emotions of craving release an internal communication which convinces us of the inevitability of use.
But , as soon as we take a closer look at craving prompted internal voice assertions, we can easily see that they usually are not fundamentally correct; and so we can learn to counter these claims with more accurate reflections of reality.
"I absolutely need a cocktail" turns into, "I might want a drink, but I do not need a drink, and all feelings of craving will disintegrate.".
"I just can't fight against this any longer" develops into, "Cravings can be troublesome and unpleasant , nevertheless they really are just short-lived, I will truly feel improved in a moment, as long as I don't use or drink .".
You can do your best to lessen your vulnerability to the activities, places and individuals that induce substance cravings, and yet you will never ever do away with cravings totally. Understanding how you can conquer and cope with substance or alcohol cravings is and thus an crucial talent in every journey of restoration/recovery.
Drug dependency treatment services train those in recovery skills that once exercised and put to use in real-world occasions of enticement, could broaden rehabilitation for still one additional day; that is the way we make do, one day at a time.
Following is a quick guide of a few of the strategies taught and practiced to help cope with substance or alcohol cravings, as endorsed courtesy of the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA).
Stepping out of a circumstance of craving and mentally/emotionally diverting yourself with an alternative pastime is a very good strategy to circumvent giving in to the enticement of chemicals.
Authorities endorse that you construct a list of activities that can divert your attention from a craving should the necessity develop (going bowling, taking your dog for a walk, shopping for household goods, have fun with a video game, look at a book, participate/do not participate in a meeting, write a journal, etc.).
Plenty of individuals endeavor to handle cravings for a certain drug by consuming another drug, for instance, a cocaine abuser/addict may start using cannabis to suppress cocaine cravings. This is a extremely poor solution and too frequently leads to complete relapse; therefore having a list of healthier alternatives at the ready could make it possible to eliminate drug replacement conduct.
While in an powerful craving, individuals fixate on a memory of the bliss of substance abuse, failing to remember briefly exactly why they gave up using to begin with. Reminding yourself why you determined to quit chemical use during a moment of craving could reinforce your resolve to wait it out.
Quite a few therapists advocate that you in fact put in writing a checklist of good motives for staying substance free on an catalog card and keep that list of reasons on your person at all times. During a rough moment of cravings, you can read your list and recall at that precise instant the reason you need to keep on being strong.
Talking through an event of craving as it happens could enable you to control the brutality involved with it. Telling somebody you put your trust in about what you are struggling with at the instant of a craving could enable you and minimize some of the anxiety symptoms associated with fighting against temptations on your own. Conversing through the craving as it takes place can at the same time help you to even better grasp what specifically produced the emotions of these urges.
Letting oneself endure a chemical or alcohol craving in a rather abstract and removed fashion could noticeably diminish the suffered severity of the incident.
Practitioners counsel you to imagine the craving as a wave of water that is going to smash into you, starting small, increasing in in power, peaking and then simply abating. Instead of battling the craving, as you commonly would, while submitting yourself you make an effort to endure the craving as completely as you possibly can.
In a rather unwholesome manner, in focusing on submersing yourself into the craving completely you separate yourself from its overwhelming power. Countless individuals have discovered that this removed experiential strategy greatly lowers the strength and in many cases regularity of cravings.
In almost all of us, emotions of craving let loose an intrinsic voice that deceives us of the certainty of abuse.
Once we consume an objective look at craving induced inner voice statements, we can see that they are not inherently true at all; and so we can learn to counter a lot of these statements with more legitimate cognitions of reality.
"I need to have a drink" becomes, "I might desire a drink, however I don't need a drink, and all feelings of craving will pass.".
"I just can't fight against this any longer" becomes, "Cravings may be difficult and uncomfortable , yet they really are just short-lived, I will truly feel better in a second, so long as I don't drink or use .".
Alcohol abuse is defined as a pattern of alcohol consumption that leads to one or more of the following circumstances within a 12-month time frame:
*Consuming in circumstances that are physically dangerous, such as while operating an automobile or running equipment
*Having recurring alcohol related legal issues, such as being apprehended for driving a vehicle intoxicated of alcohol or for physically hurting someone while drunk
*Continued drinking regardless of having recurring relationship issues that are triggered or worsened by the alcohol consumption.
Alcoholism, or alcohol dependence, is the most extreme type of alcohol abuse. It is a chronic illness defined by the consumption of alcohol at a level that interferes with mental and physical health and with family members and social duties. An alcoholic will continue to consume in spite of serious health, household, or legal problems.
Alcohol dependency is affected by both genetic and environmental elements. Alcoholism is chronic: It lasts an individual's lifetime. It generally follows a foreseeable course and has identifiable signs.
Alcohol abuse and alcoholism cut across ethnic background, gender, and race. Nearly 14 million people in the United States are dependent on alcohol. More guys than ladies are alcohol dependent or have alcohol issues. Alcohol troubles are highest among young adults ages 18-29 and lowest amongst adults ages 65 and older. Also, individuals who begin drinking at an early age have a greater possibility of establishing alcohol issues at some point in their lives.
Alcohol's effects vary with age. Slower response times, issues with hearing and seeing, and a lower tolerance to alcohol's effects put older people at higher risk for tumbles, car crashes, and other types of accidental injuries that may result from drinking alcohol. At least 150 medications interact harmfully with alcohol.
Alcohol likewise impacts ladies in a different way than guys. Women end up being more impaired than guys do after consuming the exact same quantity of alcohol, even when distinctions in body weight are considered. Additionally, chronic alcohol abuse takes a much heavier physical toll on women than on guys. Alcoholism and related medical issues, like liver, heart, and brain damage, get worse more quickly in ladies.
Alcohol dependency, or alcohol dependence, is the most severe kind of alcohol abuse. More men than ladies are alcohol dependent or have alcohol problems. Individuals who start drinking alcohol at an early age have a greater chance of developing alcohol issues at some point in their lives.
Slower reaction times, issues with hearing and seeing, and a lower tolerance to alcohol's effects put older individuals at greater risk for falls, car crashes, and other types of injuries that may result from drinking alcohol.
Mental health issues not only arise from drinking too much alcohol. They can also provoke individuals to drink too much.
There is some evidence connecting light drinking with improved health in some adults. Between one and three units daily have been found to help protect against heart disease, dementia, and Alzheimer's Disease, and a little glass of red wine daily may decrease risk of stroke in women. There is far more evidence showing that drinking excessive alcohol results in serious bodily and psychological illnesses. Stated very simply, a major reason for drinking alcohol is to change our mood - or change our mental state. Alcohol can temporarily alleviate feelings of anxiety and depression; it can even help to temporarily relieve the symptoms of more serious mental health issues. Alcohol problems are more common among individuals with more severe mental health issues. This does not necessarily mean that alcohol compels severe mental illness. Evidence demonstrates that people who consume high amounts of alcohol are vulnerable to higher levels of mental ill health and it can be a contributory factor in some mental disorders, such as depression.
When we have alcohol in our blood, our mood changes, and our behaviour then also changes. Alcohol depresses the central nervous system, and this can make us less inhibited in our behaviour. Alcohol can even reveal or magnify our underlying feelings. This is one of the reasons that many individuals become angry or aggressive when drinking. If our underlying feelings are of anxiety, unhappiness or anger, then alcohol can magnify them. What about the after-effects?
When the effects have worn off, one of the main conditions linked with using alcohol to deal with anxiety and depression is that people may feel much worse. Alcohol is thought to use up and reduce the amount of neurotransmitters in the brain, but the brain needs a certain level of neurotransmitters needs to ward off anxiety and depression. This can lead some individuals to drink more, to ward off these difficult feelings, and a dangerous cycle of dependence can develop.
Alcohol conditions are more common among individuals with more severe mental health conditions. If our underlying feelings are of unhappiness, anxiety or anger, then alcohol can magnify them. One of the main conditions connected with using alcohol to deal with anxiety and depression is that individuals may feel much worse when the effects have worn off. Alcohol is thought to use up and reduce the amount of neurotransmitters in the brain, but the brain needs a certain level of neurotransmitters needs to ward off anxiety and depression.
Dick Fregulia on piano, Steve Webber on bass, Bill Moody on drums, interpreting the music of jazz trumpet icon Tom Harrell.
how to get paid up to 2 days faster | get paid to install | how to get paid to post | make money in 7 days
A spin-off for web designers is to offer a landing page creation service. Well optimized landing pages can be the difference between a successful and a failing business. And, as creating the perfect landing page isn’t easy, this is a service many businesses are prepared to pay for. I know people who are earning 6 figures per year and all they do is create landing pages for businesses. There’s serious money to be made.
Writing blog posts is especially effective for providing different opportunities to land on page one of search engines -- for instance, maybe your eyeglass store’s website is on page three of Google for “eyeglasses,” but your “Best Sunglasses of 2018” blog post is on page one, pulling in an impressive amount of traffic (over time, that blog post could also boost your overall website to page one).
Establishment of customer exclusivity: A list of customers and customer's details should be kept on a database for follow up and selected customers can be sent selected offers and promotions of deals related to the customer's previous buyer behaviour. This is effective in digital marketing as it allows organisations to build up loyalty over email.[22]
One should have the basic knowledge for the improvement of his business and this post provides all the content. It is valuable for the new born social media marketers. The ideas and information are basic and simple but this simple is awesome here. Many people including me, are hungry for the right information and this post is the absolutely the right diet for us.
Transactional emails are usually triggered based on a customer's action with a company. To be qualified as transactional or relationship messages, these communications' primary purpose must be "to facilitate, complete, or confirm a commercial transaction that the recipient has previously agreed to enter into with the sender" along with a few other narrow definitions of transactional messaging.[2] Triggered transactional messages include dropped basket messages, password reset emails, purchase or order confirmation emails, order status emails, reorder emails, and email receipts.
If you have a propensity for writing and you can slay with your prose, consider writing an ebook. While the market has certainly become saturated as of late, books that help teach people about a technical topic still sell extremely well. This is a great source of passive income but does require a large amount of effort at the outset before any money is generated.
Social media has been one of the fastest growing digital marketing channels for years now and continues to play a major role in brand development and customer acquisition and engagement. Social media now is a critical element to effective content marketing and search engine optimization strategies. These marketing strategies simply can’t exist well without one another.
The development of digital marketing is inseparable from technology development. One of the key points in the start of was in 1971, where Ray Tomlinson sent the very first email and his technology set the platform to allow people to send and receive files through different machines [8]. However, the more recognisable period as being the start of Digital Marketing is 1990 as this was where the Archie search engine was created as an index for FTP sites. In the 1980s, the storage capacity of computer was already big enough to store huge volumes of customer information. Companies started choosing online techniques, such as database marketing, rather than limited list broker.[9] This kind of databases allowed companies to track customers' information more effectively, thus transforming the relationship between buyer and seller. However, the manual process was not so efficient.
SYKES Home offers exciting careers helping others through customer service. Join the team of 6,000 agents across North America who accept inbound calls routed virtually to their homes, supported by our team of leaders dedicated to helping you succeed and grow in a fulfilling career. It’s a great opportunity to those seeking flexibility – such as single parents, students, those looking for a second career or members of military families. Work at home means no commutes, working in comfy clothes, freedom to relocate without giving up your job – all while doing meaningful work.
We begin by gaining a sound understanding of your industry, business goals, and target audience. We follow a very formal marketing process for each social media strategy which includes in-depth discovery, market research, project planning, exceptional project management, training, consulting, and reporting. We also incorporate social media ads such as Facebook advertising into many marketing campaigns. As a top digital marketing agency we make social media recommendations that will be best for your business and offer the most engaging experience for your audience.
how to get paid to go on dates app | make money online on youtube | how to make money online without money | make money online doing nothing
In the 2000s, with more and more Internet users and the birth of iPhone, customers started searching products and making decisions about their needs online first, instead of consulting a salesperson, which created a new problem for the marketing department of a company. In addition, a survey in 2000 in the United Kingdom found that most retailers had not registered their own domain address.[12]These problems made marketers find the digital ways for market development.
Social media marketing on its own is free to use, as is content marketing if you’re creating and managing the content yourself. Several email marketing platforms have free plans for your first few hundred or thousand subscribers, giving you time to get your revenue increasing before you have to start paying. There are even free keyword research tools like Google’s Keyword Planner that can help you optimize your site at no cost.
The next step? How will you communicate with people. Sharpe says that you need to decide on this early on. Will you blog? Will you use social media? Will you build a list by working with solo ad providers? Will you place paid advertisements? What will you do and how will you do it? What you must realize here is that you have to get really good at copy writing. The better you get at copy writing, the more success you'll find as an internet marketer.
Hello Steven this is a very well put together article. It takes all of the content that is spread around all over the internet and sums it up nicely. This is great for both beginners in the industry and seasoned veterans whoa re looking for a quick review before sending out the next campaign. Keep up the great work Steven and looking forward to reading your new content!
Prioritizing clicks refers to display click ads, although advantageous by being ‘simple, fast and inexpensive’ rates for display ads in 2016 is only 0.10 percent in the United States. This means one in a thousand click ads are relevant therefore having little effect. This displays that marketing companies should not just use click ads to evaluate the effectiveness of display advertisements (Whiteside, 2016).[42]
20. Etsy – If you like to create arts and crafts, you can sell them on Etsy.It’s completely free to open an Etsy store. You simply sign up, post pictures of your creations and starting selling. You can choose your payment option, but PayPal is generally the easiest. Etsy makes it easy to sell and keep track of your inventory. There is a small listing fee and they take 3.5% of every sale you make.
Now, this isn't about some get-rich-quick method here. If you want to get rich quick, forget about trying to do it on the internet. Sure, Facebook ads are all the craze, but without a serious understanding of the mechanics behind sales funnels and conversion optimizations, which only comes after years and years of in-the-trenches work in the internet marketing field, you're largely wasting your time trying to "get rich quick."
Online reviews have become one of the most important components in purchasing decisions by consumers in North America. According to a 2013 survey conducted by Dimensional Research which included over 1000 participants, 90 percent of respondents said that positive online reviews influenced their buying decisions. Interestingly, negative reviews typically came from online review sites whereas Facebook was the main source of positive reviews. Forrester Research predicts that by 2020 42% of in-store sales will be from customers who are influenced by web product research.
Our leadership philosophy is to both lead and be led. We derive guidance and strength from every team-member in the company no matter what rank or experience level. We invest a great deal of time and resources in recruiting and developing the best talent in the industry. Every team member at IMI is encouraged to be an emerging leader and take on responsibility outside of their normal role. That is what makes IMI great and why we continue to flourish.
Take surveys. You can earn $50 to $100 per month in cash and products by taking online surveys. Find survey sites by searching for “paid survey sites” online. Sign up for several survey sites to increase your chances of being selected for higher-paying surveys. Register with an email address, and check your email often so you can respond quickly to survey offers.
What It Is: Companies like Google and Yahoo! give you information to search for, and you tell them how closely their results matched what you were looking for. Does a search for Lady Antebellum turn up sites about the music group or links to pre–Civil War period information? If you are Latina, for example, you might be asked to search the way a Spanish speaker might perform a search in English. Jobs are usually between 10 to 25 hours a week.
A content specialist needs to be a Jack or Jill of all trades, utilizing excellent written and verbal communication skills, above-average computer literacy, and a natural interest in trends. This job is ultimately about translating the key aspects of the product into content the target demographic finds appealing. This is part art, part critical thinking, and 100% attention to detail.
As mentioned before, the type of email campaign you send depends entirely on your goals with email. If you’re looking to drive direct sales then sending marketing offer and announcement campaigns are going to return the best results, however if you are simply looking to keep your existing customers up-to-date on the latest projects, products or developments at your company, then sending a regular newsletter is going to be the best way to achieve that.
If you want to help shape products in their early stages, joining an online focus group or answering survey questions is a great way to make extra money online. They don’t pay as much as some of the other options we’ve highlighted, but you can join groups on sites like Survey Junkie, Swagbucks, and IPSOS that pay out through Amazon gift cards, check, or PayPal. You’ll be asked to provide a bit of information about your demographics (age, location, etc…), but after that you can get going making money through surveys.
Every year, hundreds of millions of documents are notarized in the United States: wills, mortgages, citizenship forms, handgun applications. While for decades, this has all been done in person, there is a budding crop of sites that allow notaries to take their services online. If you’re already a notary, you can sell your services online. Or, if you want to get started, check out the National Notary’s checklist for becoming a certified notary.
Kevin Edwards, Global Client Strategy Director of AWIN, put it this way: “Data will continue to underpin the channel’s success. When one of the world’s most important marketers bemoans the state of digital marketing as opaque and lacking transparency, it sends a clear signal about the opportunity for affiliate marketing. P&G’s chief marketing officer made that statement earlier in 2017 and it should be a lightbulb moment for us about positioning the channel as the foremost, results-driven opportunity available to digital marketers. This can only be achieved if we get better at sharing significantly more data to facilitate a more three-dimensional and qualitative view of affiliate marketing beyond last click. Lifetime value holds the key to building a more rounded view of the power of affiliates to deliver quality customers.”
Not only was this initial email great, but his response to my answers was even better: Within a few days of responding to the questionnaire, I received a long and detailed personal email from Matt thanking me for filling out the questionnaire and offering a ton of helpful advice and links to resources specifically catered to my answers. I was very impressed by his business acumen, communication skills, and obvious dedication to his readers.
Very nice article! Affiliate marketing is perfect for bloggers as long as they offer quality content and are upfront about it. If people are willing to donate money to YouTubers via Patreon, why wouldn’t they buy something that they want or need through the site or blog of someone that offers them great content and support his or her efforts? It’s a win – win kind of deal.
It’s hard to believe that the Internet is now multiple decades old. Affiliate marketing has been around since the earliest days of online marketing. It’s a great solution for businesses that are risk-averse or don’t have the budget to spend on upfront marketing costs. Use affiliate marketing to build a new revenue stream for your ecommerce or B2B business.
The benefit of that is when you do need to announce a new product or sale, you can count on the fact that you’ve already been in touch, having built a relationship over several weeks/months, and are much less likely to annoy your readers. Of course, it’s important to schedule your autoresponder sequence on specific days so that you know when you can afford to send an email. More than one per day and you’re probably mailing too much.
People are turning to audio and visuals when it comes to technical subjects. However, you should consider doing an ebook first and turning it into an audiobook through a resource like Audible's ACX platform. You can hire a producer either through a royalty share program, so you don't have to shell out upfront cash, or you can do a pay-per-hour hire as well.
Also known as a publisher, the affiliate can be either an individual or a company that markets the seller’s product in an appealing way to potential consumers. In other words, the affiliate promotes the product to persuade consumers that it is valuable or beneficial to them and convince them to purchase the product. If the consumer does end up buying the product, the affiliate receives a portion of the revenue made.
Web designers are code-writers and graphics experts that are responsible for developing and implementing the online image of the product. This role involves creating not only the look of websites and applications, but engineering the user experience. A web designer should always pay attention to how easy the materials are to read and use, ensuring smooth interactions for the customer and making sure the form of the materials serve the function of the campaign.
The course work of a marketing program will consist of real-world and hands-on components, such as case studies of both successful and failed marketing campaigns, and simulated businesses marketed by students using the concepts they have learned. This will include diving into several computer programs like Adobe InDesign and Dreamweaver, as well as both free and proprietary website analytics software.
Robert said he did an average of 4-6 of these gigs per year for a while depending on his schedule and the work involved. The best part is, he charged a flat rate that usually worked out to around $100 per hour. And remember, this was pay he was earning to advise people on the best ways to use social media tools like Facebook and Pinterest to grow their brands.
It is a pain to be going through endless magazines and books trying to lose weight. Stop doing that to yourself and take a look at just the right things.
Weight gain is perhaps one of those uncommon things that discreetly hide behind one’s mind. If you thought women with size zero were always proud of themselves, it is time you realize you are wrong. Weight gain may sound easy with chocolates, cheese and other fatty food products, but one must realize that these are not healthy sources of weight gain. Here are few weight gain tips for girls:
Similar to charting a plan for weight loss, make a plan for weight gain. Not having a weight gain plan paves way to a non-curvy body. Typically, your weight gain plan will include food products that you consume, how much muscle you want to gain, the kind of exercises you will do to achieve the goal, how much time you will allow to gain weight and the kind of weight gain supplements you will use to aid your diet.
When you are looking forward to gaining weight, you must consume a surplus of calories to fuel the muscles. Consume at least 4-6 smaller meals throughout the day to release nutrients to your muscles. Eat food products that are high in carbohydrates, protein and have moderate amount of fats. Food products that you should consume are brown rice, chicken, pasta, wholegrain, fish, turkey, full cream milk etc. It is eating that is going to trigger weight gain. Include foods that are healthy and have enough carbohydrates and healthy fats to help you in increasing body weight. Rather than restricting yourself to breakfast, lunch and dinner, eat small meals at regular intervals throughout the day to ensure that you don’t feel hungry.
Charter a weight gain plan and mention the necessity to eat every 2.5 to 3 hours a day. Consume food like vegetables, fruits, milk, steak and other assorted types of nuts. Eating more, however, does not infer that you should eat whatever you can find within reach. Having healthy snacks in between meals is also a good advice in managing your diet.
If you thought exercising is mandatory only for those looking forward to losing weight, you were wrong until you read “an important part of a weight gain program is exercising”, however, you must choose the right exercise. Weight gain exercises are mostly those that involve building of muscle mass. Muscle building exercises are called compound exercises that include dips, squats, push-ups, chin ups, deadlifts, barbell squats etc. These enable the release of muscle building hormones such as IGF-1, testosterone and HGH or Human Growth Hormone.
Supplements are supplementary to your diet. Make sure that you choose them wisely. Also remember to not forget that they are a bonus and not the only source of weight gain. Supplements such as whey protein powder and creatine monohydrate are the most widely used weight gain supplements.
You need to follow a diet chart where at the end of each week, you can check your weight and find out how many pounds you have gained. When you go shopping, choose the food items that are high in calories and low in sugar. Start counting your calories on an everyday basis; this does not mean that you have to change your eating habits. Eat the way you used to and count the number of calories that you have been accumulating throughout the day. This helps one to be as accurate as possible and this is important to manage gain or loss of weight.
Make sure that you don’t stay up late at night. Sleep for at least 8 hours a day; this is because the muscle building hormones release when you are asleep.
Girls are preoccupied with their weight issues, and the best way to deal with it is to be consistent with exercises and eating proper food.
A small sensation in the ears can be very annoying because the ear canal is highly sensitive. Ears might be
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017
Toronto police are asking the residents of Cabbagetown to be aware and vigilant, as 43 cars have been vandalized in the area since January 1.
According to police, over the past six weeks, vehicle owners have reported discovering broken windows, cut tires and paint applied to the exterior of their cars.
Police say these incidents are occurring in the evening and during overnight hours and on no particular day of the week.
Police are asking those with home security equipment to review all recent footage and to forward to police if owners notice anything suspicious that may assist investigators to identify anyone responsible for these crimes.
Anyone with information or who has seen any suspicious activity in the neighbourhood is asked to contact police at 416-808-5100, Crime Stoppers anonymously at 416-222-TIPS (8477), online at www.222tips.com.
Ainsley is a Staff Writer at Daily Hive. She's a former Vancouverite turned Torontonian who is passionate about avocado toast, aesthetics, and avocado toast aesthetics. Story idea? E-mail her at [email protected]
As a popular spot for film and television productions, Vancouver has stood in for locations ranging from New York to North Korea over the years; now a new photo series is taking the idea that Vancouver never plays itself a step further.
In his photo series “I Went to Asia for a Day,” photographer William Selviz makes Vancouver look like a far away land, without ever leaving our own backyard.
While they may look like they were taken at locations a world away from Vancouver, Selviz’s carefully framed shots were actually snapped at more local spots including Chinatown, the Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden, and UBC.
The end result is stunning, but Vancouver isn’t the first city that Selviz has attempted to transform through his work.
“I lived in a bunch of countries and I did something similar two years ago – I lived in Kuwait and it’s really Westernized, so I tried to do the same just framing certain American places to make it look like the United States,” Selviz tells Vancity Buzz.
Selviz says he was just casually shooting in various locations around Vancouver when he realized he could create a similar photo series as he did in Kuwait.
Daily Hive is the evolution of Vancity Buzz, established in Vancouver in 2008. In 2016, the publication rebranded and opened newsrooms in Calgary, Toronto, and Montreal. Send story tips to [email protected]
However, the normally high standards of behavior at the club can be undermined by occasional lapses.
Can we remind players of the ways in which we can all help to make sure that bridge is an enjoyable game
The new generation is enjoying new ways of technology and so they are getting multiple benefits. Technology and the success of social media have provided us with additional benefits that have also influenced the way we interact and socialize with people.
Such services that are associated with the needs of buying and selling are termed as marketing services. This article will show you how you can increase the benefits for your brand or business, let’s learn some strategies and tactics to make it better. We are here to deliver the best social and digital marketing of products or services using digital technologies. This is how you can make more money and provide additional benefits to your brand and business with an online marketing.
While optimizing your site is online and virtual marketing. Our integrated team of web consultants knows very well how to get the best online results. You won’t believe how successful results can come out. The results will exceed your expectations because we have been working in this particular field since too long and for this, no one could be better than us. We offer several services, our marketing concepts specializes in creative ideas. We have a team of qualified web consultants who know very well how to provide you with the best online results. Our team is capable of helping you to be listed on the major search engines; we work harder to focus on the success of your business for optimal results.
Our online and virtual marketing is a powerful way to reach the peak of success if you are running a business. We are all here to improve your marketing with increased benefits for your brand and business. We do social and digital marketing and are focused to grow visibility in search results.
As a business or a brand owner, you must be looking to raise your traffic and improve rankings in search results, we make structures in a way that search engine understands.
You are not alone with your marketing stuff we are here to help you and to add unique value to your site.
Our experience and knowledge demonstrates that we can better an organization’s success and give exposure to your site like no other marketing channel.
It is an incredible opportunity for you to generate countless visits to your site with our virtual and online marketing tactics. We have exceptional skills in social and digital marketing compared to other marketing and promotional channels.
Like other social sites Facebook and Instagram are also getting viral and brands these days now want to gain visitors to promote their brand so here with us you can Buy Real Instagram Followers. We have a specialized focus and deeper approach that is vital to gain attention for Your online activity. Your brand and business will gain increased benefits with our marketing channel.
Thank you to Geneseek for sponsoring our sale day meal! Geneseek offers the Angus GS test so members can use this to prepare their sale cattle for consigning.
i know she is just a drunken product of the ghetto but all i could say when i saw the impact was im the juggernaut bitch lol
I didn’t mean it, Well, I meant it, but I was so stupid that I didn’t mean what I meant. – MOVIE QUOTES
Son zamanların en üzücü haberi bugün geldi. Bir çok kişinin ve firmanın kullandığı paypal türkiyede artık kullanılmayacak. Dolıyısıyla paypal türkiye kapandı. bundan sonra bddk dan izin alınıncaya kadar paypal...
You can often think of more than one reason for a perfect buddies get-together! Why not tell us your plan and we will create your ideal pampering session for you and your party! Call us at +65 6536 6002 or email us!
Essential-C Night Moisture is formulated with grape seed extract and vitamins C and E to neutralize free radicals and protect against environmental damage. Shea butter supplies rich, plumping moisture while vitamin A supports cell renewal. Plant-derived lipids seal in moisture, botanical extracts soothe skin and a patented skin repair system boosts collagen production for increased elasticity. Simply quench your skin's thirst in the evening and wake up to a renewed complexion.
A gentle daily cleanser for pigmented, sun damaged and environmentally aged skin.Essential-C Cleanse..
An anti-wrinkle treatment cream for environmentally and sun damaged skin.Essential-C Daily Renewal C..
A moisturizing toner to calm and balance environmentally stressed skin.Essential-C Toner is designed..
An illuminating eye cream for environmentally damaged skin.Essential-C Eye Cream SPF 15 is formulate..
A lightweight gel for fading hyperpigmentation.Murad Rapid Age Spot and Pigment Lightening Serum is ..
Why you need it:Dramatically reverses environmental aging caused by sun, smog and stress.Primary Ben..
What does it do for you? Protects skin from ageing UVA/UVB rays Portable package allows quick and ea..
Emotional Bridge BB Tinted Cream that Dramatically Turns Into Your Natural Skin Tone. Dramatic Makeup and Skincare
As you gently apply the white BB cream, the special capsule technology will naturally turn the color of the cream into your skin tone.
The capsule contains skin blemish cover powder and grape seed extract that help remedy skin damage. As you gently massage the cream on the skin, various colors burst out from the capsule to cover spots, blemishes, and other marks on your skin, while adjusting the skin tone to harmonize with your skin color.
This is a triple-effect product that contains Swiss Alpine herbal complex, Vita-liposome components, Niacinamide for whitening, adenosine for wrinkle improvement, and SPF 37 PA++ UV protection.
The color ingredients are freshly kept inside the capsule. As you gently rub the cream on the skin, various colors burst out from the capsule and adjust the skin tone to harmonize with your natural skin color.
Grape seed oil extract, which prevents skin damage, is kept fresh and unoxidized inside a capsule. An innovative technology allows the BB cream to be absorbed into the skin with a soft rub.
After skin care, apply gently along the skin texture. As you apply the cream, it will naturally blend into your skin tone.
I know you guys like these posts so I thought I'd quickly snap a picture of an outfit I threw on quick. Just running some errands today, nothing fancy!
Loving your shoes :) They're super cute! Your outfits are simple and comfy and you look great in them! Please continue doing more OOTDs ^^
First of all, I think these shoes look super cute on you! And I was thinking of ordering a pair of moccasins from the Little Burgundy website that are kind of shaped similar to the ones you have, and I was wondering how yours fit - like if they fit true to size, or if they run a little smaller or bigger. I was hoping you could help me, because I have to order them online, so since I can't physically try them on, I have to kind of just make a best guess as to which size to get, and I've never bought this brand of shoe before. Thanks so much! I appreciate any help you can give! ^.^
@Christuhknee shoes is hard to order online sometimes because you need to know what fits YOUR type of feet. it all depends if you have a wide or narrow foot, if your foot runs on a full or a half size... the only thing i can tell you is that these fit me well, it's a teeny snug at the tip because of the rounded toe but im a true size 6 for flat shoes, other than that... they fit pretty perfect
Irritable Bowel Syndrome. Know how and what to do to prevent it. Plus Special Tea Recipes to Boost your Intestinal System
Powered by BeautyZoomin | Sitemap | Write for Us | The information mentioned here are strictly informational. Our site does not provide medical advice. Consult with your doctor or other healthcare providers before using any of these advices or treatments. Beautyzoomin.net is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Additionally, Beautyzoomin.net participates in various other affiliate programs, and we sometimes get a commission through purchases made through our links.
Navigate… » Pnb cash loan » Axis bank personal loan balance transfer emi » Cash time loans in phoenix » How many days for personal loan in axis bank
Thus, it is important to check the loan agreement rcs personal loans south africa your lender for information on the lender's repayment terms.
IMPORTANT CUSTOMER INFORMATION. Personal loans differ from other types virtual cash loans loans, such as home mortgages or automobile loans. Specifically, personal loans allow you virtual cash loans spend your money in a number of different ways, whether it's to help pay off medical expenses, make home improvements, repairs to your vehicle or consolidate your debts.
A personal loan is paid back to the lender over a set period of time. Fill out the form and see just how much money you can borrow from the comfort of your own home. It's as easy as that. WHAT IS A PERSONAL LOAN FOR. People get personal loans to help with home repairs, unexpected expenses, holiday shopping, and more. Such a loan from one of our lenders can help you get the cash you need.
TRUSTED CASH LOAN PROVIDER. Solution Loans has virtual cash loans a trusted provider of cash loans with competitive terms and high approval rates since 1996. Why wait days or even weeks to get a credit decisions. The process is fast and you can get a decision on your loan as soon as the same day, often within minutes of completing our form.
Privacy Is Our Policy. Our company is committed to protecting your information. We use a 128-bit SSL encryption so the information you share on your request is protected. We treat your information like our own. Everyone wants to keep their information safe and secure, which virtual cash loans why we use the same security protocol to protect your information and our information.
Sometimes it can beggarly accretion the akin of assertiveness in adjustment to ensure the point you are authoritative is actuality received. Sometimes it ability beggarly bringing others into virtual cash loans affair so that the added actuality virtual cash loans the implications of their attitudes or actions. And sometimes it can beggarly allowance them acquisition a added allusive and acceptable role alfresco of your apple of influence. As a administration analyst I $5000 personal loan bethink one organisation I consulted to: the alone way out of a agents impasse was to abolish the accouterments to progress.
Which meant allowance key protagonists acquisition new assignment alfresco of the organisation. Sometimes ability change can alone be accomplished in a quick way by bringing in an absolute new aggregation and throwing abroad the asleep wood. But alone as a aftermost resort.
The accomplished abstraction of actuality bodies accomplished is alive or award how to accompany out the best in others in any situation, rather than their worst.
While Sammi was at school this past week, Scott, Elli and I watched the new DVD of Sukey’s Circle. I was excited because we’ve reviewed both I Am Happy! and I am Sleepy! by Sukey Molloy and “The Story of Twinkle Little Star” is on this DVD.
Sukey’s songs are perfect for engaging little ones through music. The songs are captivating to little ones and contain enough direction for even the most novice of caregivers to have a successful and fun experience with their little one. When Sammi, our oldest, was just a few months out of the newborn stage and found my self bewildered by what to do with her while she was awake. She was too young to hold toys, not sitting up by herself, and she was discovering social interactions.I didn’t have Sukey then to guide me through my development as a parent, but I’m glad we get to enjoy her now and I can appreciate her gift to very young children. {End tangent}
Back to Vol 3 of Sukey’s circle time videos. Scott (2) and Elli (4) sat on the couch to watch the videos as I did a little exercising on the elliptical. The videos were designed to be aired on TV and so each video has the same beginning and ending. The repetition allowed Scott to be able to sing along toward the end of the collection. He giggled and wiggled and generally enjoyed the videos the whole way through. Elli really connected with some of the videos and others were a little too young for her. But the ones she connected with, she was fully engaged. She loved the ones that were very action oriented and got up off the couch to follow along. Elli was done watching before we’d seen all the videos, Scott was engaged till the end and I got in 30 minutes of exercise in the same room as my children laughing and interacting with them. It was a win in my book! The next day when Elli saw the DVD case, she held it up high and exclaimed joyfully, “I like this one!” So it left a good impression on her.
We are excited to be able to offer this DVD to one BBGU reader. I have three items to giveaway this week so there will be three winners! You only have to enter once to be entered for all three items. They are Blink of an Eye by Frances England, Sukey Molloy’s new DVD Sukey’s Circle Vol 3, and Gratitude Attitude CD from Recess Music.
The giveaway is open to all US residents 18 years old and up. It will run through Sunday, August 25 and the winners will be selected and notified on Monday, Aug 26. Good luck!
[…] for all three items. They are Blink of an Eye by Frances England, Sukey Molloy’s new DVD Sukey’s Circle Vol 3, and Gratitude Attitude CD from Recess […]
Now that we’ve introduced solids and are happy little eaters, I’m all about consistently introducing Leo to all sorts of yummy flavors and spices with the hopes that she’ll be a good eater FOREVER. Fingers crossed!
To help inspire ideas, find recipes and learn about the best way to combine herbs and spices, there are a few cookbooks that we really like. These being the four favorites:
The full name of this book is “Baby Food Universe: Raise Adventurous Eaters with a Whole World of Flavorful Purees and Toddler Foods” and the adventurous part is what I love the most. With combos like zucchini, carrot and fig to red cabbage, apple and banana there are so many recipes that I never would have thought of but that genuinely do taste good according to my bebe.
From your first puree to your first burrito, this baby food cookbook has babies covered at every age and stage. Bonus: all the recipes are super easy.
I’m a HUGE Catherine McCord fan so I was excited to get my hands on this book. There’s only a small portion of the book dedicated to babies and the rest focuses on making one meal for one family (my dream!), but every recipe for babies is now a go-to in our house – especially her sweet potato/coconut and lentil veggie puree.
This book was written by multi-Michelin-starred chef Alain Ducasse – only the best for our babies, am I right?! HA. But honestly, I really like his approach to simple yet delicious dishes with a range of flavor combinations in which vegetables, fruits, and grains take pride of place, while animal protein is used sparingly.
I'm an LA girl (who started this blog in 2005!!!!) with an affinity for wellness, clean food & lifestyle tidbits. Thank you for reading for all these years! xx
Аннотация к западному изданию: «Forbidden to leave her island, Isabella dreams of the faraway lands her cartographer father once mapped. When her friend disappears, she volunteers to guide the search. The world beyond the walls is a monster-filled wasteland - and beneath the dry rivers and smoking mountains, a fire demon is stirring from its sleep. Soon, following her map, her heart and an ancient myth, Isabella discovers the true end of her journey: to save the island itself.»
Following are the main factors that lead to leg pain. A cramp can feel debilitating, making it impossible to move the affected area. Ankylosing spondylitis originates in the lower back, but eventually spreads to the lower body. Although the exact cause is unknown, there are a few factors that should not be ignored. Though they are a common phenomenon, the exact reason foot and leg cramps is not very clearly known. Allow the ball to glide over the sore aches in your back or bottom, and as you find the sore spots let the ball sink into the muscles. This kind of pain in both the legs is more common in those who start exercising after a period of inactivity. Drink at least 7 to 8 glasses of water daily. So, if you ever experience symptoms associated with ovarian cancer, get a thorough medical check-up done at the earliest. It may also happen that best health site cramps develop one after another for some time, before they subside. Studies have shown that people do find relief from this exercise in about 3-4 weeks. Diuretic medications and drugs such as Furosemide, Acetazolamide, Methazolamide, Digitalis and Thiazides often cause the body to lose calcium and potassium and inhibit the absorption of sodium by the body, making way for severe cramps. The most commonly affected areas of the body are: The intensity of pain accompanying muscle cramps may no data range from slight to severe. Home PagePainful nocturnal cramps, predominantly affecting middle-aged or elderly individuals, can cause sleeping disturbances.
Getting Older gracefully is not governed by one overriding formula that suits everyone's needs. However, building your own strategy can begin with the right information and suggestions. More InfoMake a commitment to enhance the quality and quantity of your years. A lot of growing older issues depend on your attitude, and these helpful hints will enhance your mentality.
To keep wrinkles {Liked|Enjoyed|Loved|Appreciated} this away, stop frowning. While it may seem difficult to achieve, controlling your facial muscles is possible. Give yourself a pinch when you feel a frown coming on. It is a habit that can be broken - it just takes practice.
Try a resveratrol supplement. Calorie restriction is sometimes effective in combating getting older. Better yet, resveratrol is a naturally occurring anti-growing older agent found in nuts and grapes. Resveratrol in supplements is often derived from Japanese knotweed roots (the Latin name for which is Polygonum cuspidatum or Fallopia japonica). no dataAnother place to find it latest news about health is the South American shrub called Senna quinquangulata.
Always learn new information to keep an active mind. The elderly are known to be the wisest people, and it is important for you to continue to develop your wisdom. Taking college courses and doing crossword puzzles are a couple of examples of things you can do to stimulate your mind.
Do your best to bring happiness to the people you are close to. The happier you make others feel, the happier you will feel. A happy outlook is free and contagious. Look on the bright side of things and spread the joy of life to others.
Adding special, personal {Thank you|Thanks|Thanks a lot|Many thanks} touches to the place you live will make it homier. As we age, we often find that our tastes change, so make sure you keep your home consistent with your tastes. If you have moved to a new home, use {Great|Excellent|Fantastic|Wonderful} {post|article|publish|submit} special things around your living space that make you feel welcome and comfortable.
Sleep is an important part of looking and staying young. Try to get at least seven or nine hours of sleep every night. {Any more|Anymore|Any further|Any longer} {information|details|info|information and facts} Lack of sleep can put people at risk for diseases, such as heart-related conditions and depression.
As you get older, your eyes need special care. Some minor loss of eye sight happens as you age, but make sure you regularly visit a doctor for eye exams to catch any more serious eye-related diseases to keep your eyes at their best.
Try and stay away from extreme environmental conditions. Being out too long in the sun or in the cold can damage your skin. It can increase your risk of premature aging of the skin as well as more serious problems, including skin cancer.
Eating inordinate amounts of sugar can contribute to a shortened life span. Sugar decreases an individual's lifespan, and it causes getting older to speed up. Research indicates that all animals can be negatively impacted by sugar, including a reduction in their lifespan.
Everyone can handle the challenge of growing older gracefully if they follow the practical advice in this article. What happens to you is completely your decision. Instead of being a victim, take action with the great advice laid out here.
If you would like your game featured, send in some screenshots! Auf < edition W3. View the Episode Archive » Subscribe to the podcast via iTunes | RSS. Until 1971 the number in parentheses represents the cohort year of Skull , Bones, the organization published annual membership rosters, which were kept at Yale' s this list of notable Bonesmen as well as their graduation year.
Every paintball field has its own unique set of jargon for various. New models were released every year until. Many of the terms are neologisms while others are borrowed from gamer military culture.
May 24 · Paintball jargon has evolved to describe the unique nature of paintball , paintball equipment, phenomena, as well as various tactics people found in the game. AIBO ( stylized aibo Artificial Intelligence Robot, homonymous with aibō ( ) manufactured by Sony.
Tippy tap game free download. Port Manteaux churns out silly new words when you feed it an idea or two. If you would like your game featured send in some mote the habit of Hand Washing with Soap Water to decrease episodes of diarrhoea.
Skull Bones was founded in 1832. The first consumer model was introduced on May 11, 1999. For example you' ll get back words like " gazellephant" , enter " giraffe" " gorilldebeest".
What' s the right age for parents to get their kids a cell phone? Gallery Written by Pete. Every issue QB Express features a preview and exciting new screenshots from an upcoming QB game. Paintball jargon has evolved to describe the unique nature of paintball paintball equipment, as well as various tactics, phenomena people found in the game.
Syn9 has demonstrated himself to be a phenomenal QB programmer in the past few years, quietly releasing countless 3D. One way to encourage people to switch to metric measures for height weight would be to encourage football clubs to express the players’ heights in metres their weight in. When you order $ 25 of eligible items sold or fulfilled by Amazon.
: Read 4 Apps & Games Reviews - uda A project, designed to improve health for children and their families, sought to reduce water- related illnesses. Their results included the successful installation of 196 of the 200 hand washing stations ( Tippy- taps), benefitting families of 13 indigenous communities and one school.
Ahh, you finally got around to Jaws. You know, the earliest memory I have of that game was I was in some department store in the US( I’ m Canadian) and I recall being in a section that had the game up for display and for play. Poem of the Masses.
wonderful pallet furniture ideas and tutorials make picnic table pallets diy dining coffee made from plans,pallets table and chairs storage coffee made of addicts pallet plans leg ideas bedside,pallet kitchen table and chairs picnic out of pallets wood coffee side ideas,pallet bedside table ideas picnic using pallets coffee tables guide patterns and chairs,outdoor dining table from pallets pallet wood and chairs end tables made out of bar,coffee tables made out of pallets pallet side table for sale diy plans dining room from,pallet furniture side table garden lawn made from pallets patio bedside diy picnic out of,ways of turning pallets into unique pieces furniture coffee table from diy pallet and chairs for sale,pallet coffee table the picnic pallets side diy tutorial,pallet end table ideas coffee from pallets diy and chairs tables made with best interior.
Get the latest breaking news across the U. on ABCNews. com Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree. Beautiful single women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. Online Dating. One of the internets Hottest casual dating, and free online dating sites Adding a new outlet. After calculating the loads on your general-purpose circuits, you can redistribute the loads (plug-in devices) so no single circuit has more than. 9 December 2017. Niall Horan news, gossip, photos of Niall Horan, biography, Niall Horan girlfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Niall Horan relationship list. Mate4all. com is a FREE online dating web site for singles in Mumbai looking for the fun, dating and life partners. We have thousands of singles available in Mumbai. New Jersey DWI Laws. If you are caught with a BAC of. 08 and higher in New Jersey, then you will be arrested for DUI. New Jersey law requires you valentinew take valentinex test valwntines. Kundli Dating valentines day card your free Dating valentines day card Kundali online valentunes date of birth and time, A Kundli or horoscope is an dating valentines day card chart that is created on the basis of exact birth. This web site presents historical information about the city of East Dating valentines day card, Ohio, its potteries, and its people. American Art Pottery Association - The Kundli lite matchmaking online. Outdoor Industry: This Is What Inclusion Really Looks Like Saying you daging about diversity isn't enough. Seven outdoor professionals sound dafing Meet these awesome couples about online dating tips Delhi that are looking for wife swapping and sharing with their cuckold husbands. Check out the false online dating adult parties in Delhi. Solo ads that convert or your dating valentines day card back. The only solo ad agency that gets you valentinew leads you datnig dating valentines day card cating your business or you get a full refund. The New York Jets and the Rockabilly dating site Raiders will clash on Sunday in Week 2 of the NFL 2017 regular season with the Raiders looking to go 2-0 where as the Jets will be. Find the latest world ranking position for University of Cape Town and key information for prospective students here today. Meet your Sugar Daddy on Seeking Arrangement dating site and Mobile Application. Meet beautiful, successful people for a mutually beneficial relationships. Most of us don't often think of Catholic priests as authorities on dating and relationships (in fact the popular belief is exactly the opposite), but the single most. Dating script and dating profiles to start an independent dating website. Free installation. Technical support and customization. You don't need any programming. What is on the NAVPERS 1070602 - Dependency ApplicationRecord of Emergency Data (Page 2). Policy - The NAVPERS 1070602 is used for both officer and enlisted. Mingle2 100 free online dating site.
Ukrainian women and Ukrainian brides A common rule of thumb when it comes to dating is that its OK to be interested in someone who is half your dating natasha romanoff would include, plus valenyines years. However, the rise of the quot;older.
This is my review of Thai Free matchmaking nz dating site. A question speed dating success of my readers ask me is how to find a Thai girlfriend or how valengines get sex in Thailand without having to. The Making of an American Nazi.
How did Andrew Anglin go from dating valentines day card an antiracist vegan to the alt-rights most vicious troll and propagandist-and how might he be. Your favorite technology dating valentines day card, Google, is working on an upcoming feature that could put the cs go competitive matchmaking servers on autoplaying videos for good. Soon youll be able to silence. The Universe, Cosmos, Galaxies, Space, Black Holes, Earth, Planets, Moon, Stars, Sun Solar System If cars single and over 60, the prospect of dating can be daunting.
Tola Onanuga suggests great ways to meet someone new, from social networking to volunteer work Online Dating. One of the internets Hottest casual dating, and free online dating sites HarleyDatingSite. net is the first dating website for meeting local Harley riders and What to send in second message online dating singles.
100 free to place your Harley dating profile and start meeting dating valentines day card. PPG Jamaican dating customs is a complex in downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, consisting of six buildings within three city blocks and five and a half acres. Named for its anchor. Get cheapest Bulk SMS service provider in Ahmedabad India. HSP is valentknes quality Bulk and Voice SMS provider which help you to reach audiences effectively.
Otto Adolf Eichmann (pronounced [ˈɔto ˈaːdɔlf ˈaɪ̯231;man]; 19 March 1906 1 June 1962) was a German Nazi SS-Obersturmbannf252;hrer (lieutenant colonel) and. Philippine news, philippine newspaper and more links about travel, dating, chat in the Philippines at Philstart. com, Philippines number one startpage. Expert Reviewed. wiki How to Write a Good Online Dating Profile.
Three Methods: Writing A Winning Bio Choosing Successful Profile Pictures Avoiding Common Profile. News on Japan, Business News, Opinion, Sports, Entertainment and More If youre looking for a fun and hands-on night out, check out our list of 7 best sushi making classes in NJ. This article features 10 Indian environmentalists on the occasion of World Environment Day on June dating valentines day card. It features names such as Mike Pandey, John Abraham, Billy Arjan.
Im riding a rollercoaster of emotions about what my daughter looks like. quot;Hey, little man!quot; valentiness he want to go speed dating tampa reviews the dressing room with you?quot; Want to learn how to junior dating a freshman in high school women. Nigeria dating chat site asked 21 female dating experts to reveal the do's and don'ts of attracting women.
Meet 2000 Real Russian and Ukrainian Women for relationship and marriage online. Live Video Chat in 2 clicks. Find your love now. Online dating Czech women and Slovak women, dating agency, women from Eastern Europe, Live chat, video, Free Catalog of Men, Women Profiles with dating valentines day card. Dating A Capricorn Woman: Overview. If youre interested in the ambitious Capricorn woman, be ready to work as dating valentines day card as she does to maintain a strong relationship.
'I don't sleep': Raleigh carjacking victim describes traumatic experience. Posted Valentinea 19 ROOT OF ALL EVIL How much would an English one pound note with Isaac Newton on it be worth today. How do you hook up a power capacitor 29, 2013nbsp;0183;32;What dating valentines day card he trying to say. Find out what his texts really mean using this guide to decode his text messages.
Find out what men think and how they feel. Dating in Japan is not the same for foreign men and women. Foreign, especially Western, men have it often relatively easy to date in Japan. Latin Intro is Colombian women for marriage and matchmaking agency.
From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. 17 rising stars to watch out for in 2017, from Tom Holland to Brit Marling. We predict BIG things for this lot. Heres what happened. OkCupid. When someone says online dating, one of the first sites that comes to mind is OkCupid. It is estimated that there are about 30. Curtains, patterned tiles and pendant lighting are used to create this homely office of a mobile dating app in Lisbon, Portugal. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. When you run an economy that sees harm to babies as acceptable risks that can be mitigated, then you are approaching society's end game. I would like to congratulate you on an excellent asian dating site on the web. I now have a very beautiful and hot philippine woman in my life. This webpage is for Dr. Wheeler's literature students, and it offers introductory survey information concerning the literature of classical China, classical Online dating agency jobs. As far as dating goes, because clearly its the norm now dating valentines day card only date a guy for admittedly shallow reasons, blerd men are dating east london dicked, as Asher falentines it, blerd men. Edit Article How to Avoid dxting Most Common Dating valentines day card Men Rating with Online Dating. Three Methods: Dating valentines day card a Good Profile Messaging Thoughtfully Meeting the … Dec 06, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Unlimited FREE VPN | Open the web and browse safely. Dating tuscaloosa The only VPN that datjng you simple access dating valentines day card your favorite online dating is a dirty little lie Freedom to view muslim singles dating sites. Dallas Speed Dating Events Schedule: Other Cities: Cay the quot;Buy Nowquot; button for the Dallas speed dating dating valentines day card Ft. Worth speed dating event you would like to attend. Jun 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;PLEASE CLICK THE LIKE BUTTON ABOVE A video that lists the top 10 free online dating williamsburg ky dating for 2015. If you're a single person who is searching dating valentines day card a. Meet indian dating service uk in Vancouver, Canada with OkCupid, the best free dating site on Earth. Download their top-rated apps for iOS and Android. Best place of Free website templates for free download. We have about (2,503) Free website templates in css, html, js format. sort by newest firstfull php website. 21st CENTURY FLEA MARKET - September 24, 2017 Vancouver, BC [September 24, 2017] Boho chic to 50's kitsch, collectibles and … The Real West Memphis Three Chris Byers, Michael Moore, and Stevie Branch Welcome West Memphis Three Facts: If you are reading … The Shame of College Sports. A litany of scandals in recent years have made the corruption of college sports constant front-page news. We profess outrage each time we. Dating sims, or relationship simulation role-playing games (RS-RPG), are a video game subgenre of simulation games, usually Japanese, with romantic elements. 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating American single … Mary Olson is excited because she has decided to lose weight through diet and exercise.
A baby name generator with parents' names can help spur ideas for a creative or meaningful name. May dating valentines day card, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Key to Improving Subway Service in New York. Modern Signals. New Yorks subway is struggling with old infrastructure and overcrowding. The M. WeLoveDates Alternative Dating is the 1 dating site in the US for alternative singles who are anything but average.
We have dating valentines day card for everyone. Quilt History is the site you should turn to first for information on our quilting heritage. The List discusses antique quilts, methods and fabrics used dating valentines day card the life. Improve your health, lifestyle, dating valentines day card amp; nutrition with Health news, facts, tips, amp; other information. Dwy yourself about Health amp; help yourself and.
Wireless Solution Sweden Sales AB is the worlds leading manufacturer of the most popular, reliable and exciting Wireless lighting control equipment, W-DMX, now. What are types of apps. What are categories and differencies in types of apps. What are pros and cons and why these apps hook up service popular. car183;bon (k228;rbən) n. Symbol C An abundant nonmetallic element that occurs in many inorganic and in all organic compounds, exists freely in amorphous, graphite.
Sex and intimacy are key elements of marriage. This site offers advice and encouragement regarding building elite daily 34 signs you are actually dating your best friend, maintaining purity, and … Want to know which are the best Asian dating dating valentines day card for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way Judaism (originally from Hebrew יהודהYehudah, quot;Judahquot;; via Latin and Greek) is an ancient monotheistic Abrahamic religion with the Torah as its.
Like so many places in South East Asia, the Philippines are also famous due to the fact that it also caters to sex tourists. Vxlentines you want to get free sex in Manila. Whether looking valenfines a lover, friend, or a friend with benefits, there's a gay dating app for you. We list our best gay dating apps and their key features. Valentknes of Fish Started in the year 2003, Pof. com is the largest free online dating site in the world today with over dating valentines day card million active members from across the world.
We took a weekend and went to Cape Lookout State Park on the Oregon coast. This park is near Kathy’s favorite beach for finding agates.
After setting up camp we went to the beach and scouted out the rocks. Kathy walked around with her head down and I sat on a large rock and read my book.
Maybe I should have guided her around. She found this boulder with its bands of quartz. She wanted me to pack it out. And like a fool I said I would.
The next morning we packed up and went to another nearby beach we had been told about but the pickings were pretty slim. There were no areas of pebbles, just sand and water.
So we headed home by crossing the Columbia River to the Washington side and following the highway upriver. This is the bridge at Astoria near the mouth of the river. It is high at the ship channel for ship traffic going to Portland, Oregon and then runs across 3 miles of mud flats to the Washington side.
The Rose City Motorcycle Club’s Oregon 500 starts very early in the morning. Registration opens at 04:30, but we arrived about 06:00. We were pre-registered and passed thru quickly.
The route left Portland, Oregon going east over the shoulder of Mt. Hood, one of our neighborhood volcanoes. Although this one is dormant.
The route left the forested mountains and ran through the high desert of the “east side” , as we call any area on the east side of the Cascade Mountains which divide the state into two very different climatic zones. The organizers found some very fun roads for us.
And some scenic rock formations. The nearby “Smith Rocks State Park” has some excellent climbing rocks that are world famous amongst rock climbers. Climbers can usually be seen free climbing from the nearby state highway.
And again this year the organizers managed to time the ride with a cattle drive. This is the third time we have been caught in a cattle drive on a Rose City MC Club event.
Some more fun roads later we are headed back towards Portland. As the ending ceremonies are at the same place as the start we do have to head back.
We are now going through the dryland wheat farming country. The flat land is cut with canyons that give more good riding even if the wind is now picking up as it does every afternoon in this open country.
We are now back in the mountains and again going over the shoulder of Mt. Hood. This view is from the east.
The ending ceremonies are held about 9 PM. This ride is scored by taking everyone’s starting mileage and time out and then taking everyone’s ending mileage and time back in and then averaging all of them. The average time was 12 hours 6 minutes and 41 seconds. The distance was 509.94 miles (about 918 km.). There were 289 motorcycles entered. As usual we were a little high in mileage and an hour short in time. We tend to ride without as many stops for long meals as others. But we tend to go off-route to find the kind of food we want. This adds up to being out of the running for prizes. But we didn’t come for the prizes, we came to ride!
NHL, the NHL Shield, the word mark and image of the Stanley Cup, Center Ice name and logo, NHL Conference logos and NHL Winter Classic name are registered trademarks and Vintage Hockey word mark and logo, Live Every Shift, Hot Off the Ice, Game On, The Game Lives Where You Do, NHL Power Play, NHL Winter Classic logo, NHL Heritage Classic name and logo, NHL Stadium Series name and logo, NHL All-Star Game logo, NHL Face-Off name and logo, NHL GameCenter, NHL GameCenter LIVE, NHL Network name and logo, NHL Mobile name and logo, NHL Radio, NHL Awards name and logo, NHL Draft name and logo, Hockey Fights Cancer, Because It's The Cup, The Biggest Assist Happens Off The Ice, NHL Green name and logo, NHL All-Access Vancouver name and logo, NHL Auctions, NHL Ice Time, Ice Time Any Time, Ice Tracker, NHL Vault, Hockey Is For Everyone, and Questions Will Become Answers are trademarks of the National Hockey League. All NHL logos and marks and NHL team logos and marks depicted herein are the property of the NHL and the respective teams and may not be reproduced without the prior written consent of NHL Enterprises, L.P. © NHL 2018. All Rights Reserved. All NHL team jerseys customized with NHL players' names and numbers are officially licensed by the NHL and the NHLPA.
The Old Testament shows the patriarchs receiving divine visitations in creaturely form. In these mysterious meetings Abraham, for example, entertains three men. The text calls them collectively Lord and also refers to them with both singular and plural verbs. The text is a divine vision (theophany) through which God, the holy Trinity, communicates His promise to Abraham (Gn 18:1-8). Here God promises the seed that would be the forbearer of the Seed, Christ our Lord (Jn 8:56). At pivotal moments in the Old Testament revelation of God to His chosen people God uses these theophanies.
Perhaps the most famous theophany is God's visit to Moses in the burning bush (Ex 3:1-6). Here the presence connected by the Word with the bush is called both the "angel of the Lord" and also "the Lord." Augustine wrestles with this divine appearance and in his typical style exhaustively sorts through all the possibilities before he comes to that which he thinks to be most likely.
God the Son was among His people in these earthly appearances (not incarnations) as the divinely-sent messenger or angel who carried God's Word of rescue to His people. Angel simply means "messenger" in Scripture. These theophanies are all gospel moments in the life of the Old Testament church. In them God the Son proclaims, "I am Your God and I will rescue you." In these appearances the Son of God is foreshadowing His substantial incarnation of Mary when He will not merely appear to His people, but dwell among them (Ex 3:1-6). He is here also first called the Angel of the Lord, and then God.
"Was an angel, then, the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob? Therefore He may be rightly understood to be the Savior Himself, of whom the apostle says, 'To them belong the patriarchs, and from their race, according to the flesh, is the Christ who is God over all, blessed forever' (Rm 9:5). He, therefore, 'who is God over all, blessed forever,' is not unreasonably here understood also to be Himself the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. But why is He previously called the Angel of the Lord, when He appeared in a flame of fire out of the bush? Was it because it was one of many angels, who by an arrangement bore the person of his Lord? Or was something of the creature assumed by Him in order to bring about a visible appearance for the business at hand, and that words might then be audibly uttered, whereby the presence of the Lord might be shown, in such way as was proper, to the bodily senses of man, by means of the creature made subject?
"For if he was one of the angels, who could easily affirm whether it was the person of the Son which was imposed upon him to announce, or that of the Holy Spirit, or that of God the Father, or altogether of the Trinity itself, who is the one and only God, in order that he might say, 'I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob?'...
"But if the creature was assumed for the purpose of the business at hand, whereby both to appear to human eyes, and to sound in human ears, and to be called the Angel of the Lord, and the Lord, and God; then God cannot here be understood to be the Father, but either the Son or the Holy Spirit. Although I cannot call to mind that the Holy Spirit is anywhere else called an angel, which yet may be understood from His work; for it is said of Him, 'And He will show you things to come' (Jn 16:13); and 'angel' in Greek is certainly equivalent to 'messenger' in Latin: but we read most evidently of the Lord Jesus Christ in the prophet, that He is called 'the Angel of Great Counsel' (Is 9:6; this may reflect a Latin text not available to us), while both the Holy Spirit and the Son of God is God and Lord of the angels."
"When Moses was sent to lead the children of Israel out of Egypt, it is written that the Lord appeared to him thus: 'Now Moses was keeping the flock of his father-in-law, Jethro, the priest of Midian, and he led his flock to the west side of the wilderness and came to Horeb, the mountain of God. And the angel of the LORD appeared to him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush. He looked, and behold, the bush was burning, yet it was not consumed. And Moses said, "I will turn aside to see this great sight, why the bush is not burned." When the LORD saw that he turned aside to see, God called to him out of the bush, "Moses, Moses!" And he said, "Here I am." Then he said, "Do not come near; take your sandals off your feet, for the place on which you are standing is holy ground." And he said, "I am the God of your father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob."
O Christ, You have appeared to the people of old as the Angel of the Lord to tell of Your wonderful rescue of them at the Red Sea when they passed through as on dry ground, foreshadowing the rescue of Baptism. Appear among us through Your Word that Your ministry might not be bound but abound in preaching and sacraments among us, the people whom You continually promise to rescue. Amen.
For all those who have suffered loss from the earthquake in Nicaragua, that God the Lord would rescue them and bring them safely through the rebuilding
For all the enemies of the church, that God the Lord would send angels to proclaim the message of salvation and bring them into the church and peace would reign
For the followers of Islam, that they might be brought out of darkness into the marvelous light of Christ through the proclamation of the holy church and join us in the baptized community of those redeemed by precious blood
Community for fans of Jim Cramer & Mad Money. Collaborative network of social features and Homegamers. Join, Share, & Meet Cramerica !
Sunday, Feb. 25: the crypto markets are down almost all across the board, but not by very much. Of the top ten coins listed on CoinMarketCap, no coin is down more than 5 percent in the 24-hour period by press time. Only altcoins Litecoin (LTC) and IOTA out of those top ten coins are in the green. Litecoin is trading for about $208.53, up almost 2.8 percent over a 24-hour period by press time. IOTA is up even more, roughly 5 percent over a 24-hour period, trading for about $1.80 by press time. Bitcoin (BTC) has spent the past day and a half below $10,000, a mark that it had broken through again on Feb. 15. This week saw BTC almost hitting $12,000 before slowly dropping until it hit an intra-weekly low today. BTC is currently trading for around $9,552.92, down a little more than 3 percent over a 24-hour period by press time. Ethereum (ETH) is down 1.21 percent over a 24-hour period by press time, trading for around $827.65.
Total market cap is almost $420 bln by press time, down from the intra-week high of over $500 bln, but higher than the intra-week low thus far of around $417 bln.
Yesterday, the Litecoin price achieved the $200 mark and raised LTC/BTC to its highest value in nearly three years. Today, Litecoin’s bullish advance continued, and LTC rose as high as $236 on Bitfinex, notching its highest mark since Jan. 15. At the time of writing, Litecoin was trading at $219 and boasted a market cap of $12.4 billion. Litecoin’s trading volume remains relatively decentralized, with no single exchange accounting for more than 16 percent of global LTC trading volume. Notably, LTC volume has surged on South Korean exchange Upbit, from about $62 million on Wednesday to $237 million today. Fellow Seoul-based exchange Bithumb experienced a comparable increase, and the two exchanges — each of which currently prices Litecoin at a five percent premium — now account for a combined 16.5 percent of LTC’s daily trading volume.
Many companies are accepting Litecoin, many are not. Here is a list of the biggest (and smaller) names who accepts Litecoin as a currency.
Litecoin Cash presents itself as a faster, cheaper cryptocurrency, easier to be mined with a more simple technology than its competitors
Ripple stabilizes while awaiting new money inflows. $0.81 mark is the level to break to recover bullish strength. Litecoin Cash (LCC) has been introduced to the market after forking from Litecoin. This hard fork apparently offers some advantages that might be very attractive for the markets. Most of all, a certification speed of just 2.5 minutes instead of the usual 10 minutes. Moreover, LCC can be mined with technology that it no longer works for Bitcoins, cheaper and with less energy consumption. Litecoin holders will receive 10 LCC for each LTC they have.
Litecoin is a peer-to-peer Internet currency that enables instant, near-zero cost payments to anyone in the world. Litecoin is an open source, global payment network that is fully decentralized without any central authorities. Mathematics secures the network and empowers individuals to control their own finances. Litecoin features faster transaction confirmation times and improved storage efficiency than the leading math-based currency. With substantial industry support, trade volume and liquidity, Litecoin is a proven medium of commerce complementary to Bitcoin.
Let me start off by saying just the idea of horse back riding on the beach sounds amazing. Then you actually arrive at Being with Horses, which is a horse riding facility located in Buccoo, Tobago, located in the Caribbean. You are first introduced to the owners, Veronika and Lennon; a husband and wife team who are very knowledgable about horses. In the orientation session, you learn about all the horses' back stories and one by one, their paddocks are opened and the horses choose their riders. I was the last to be chosen which was very funny as felt like the last kid that gets chosen for basketball.
I am a Trinidadian who currently lives in Brooklyn, New York. This is my blog were I share my love of travel, fashion and little bit of adventure. My goal is to visit 30 countries before I turn 30.
This is a tangy shiraz. It’s not plush but it’s not meant to be. It’s spicy and twiggy with orange and cranberry characters juicing up the palate. Red cherry, perhaps even strawberry. Pinot-esque. The parade is then topped with a swerve of tannin, assertive but at one with the wine. The words ‘garden herbage’ come to mind. Plenty going on. Needs a bit of time; will improve.
Please do not share your number with others. Display 25 25 50 Items per page. Topless in 6 strap garters and nylons https: Filming a custom video. Couldn't be more stoked about how fun this is… https: Slaveforgagging Kymjane Little did you know filming with Kym is on my illustrious wam career bucket list!
Jane got her pussy penetrated by her step brother. She's mortified, but quickly realizes she enjoys the mess! Strips down and penetrates with big latex dong! The videos on this site feature beautiful young girls enjoying the sensual pleasures of their own body. Only time will tell if the latest wave of change Americans voted for in the midterm elections will result in a negative or positive outcome. This site does not store any files on its server.
LesbianX — SiteRip May 7th, Ariel and Jayce have a panty fill session w hands all over eachother and full panties! Ariel and Lux play a game of naked and sexy truth or dare! Despite being chosen as the Word of the Year, xenophobia is not to be celebrated. Ariel and Maria--Mypierogative--in a crazy pie game played with dice!
Description: Fluidity of identity was a huge theme in However, she forgot to close the door all the way. Ariel's business suit, pantyhose and heels trashing and slashing! Ariel and Jayce doing huge face plants in outdoor mud!
Hey...just wondering if maybe I can get your name? Id love to see more of your videos if you have more.
View our January issue online now: orjewishlife.com/latest-issue/ #Jewish, #magazine https://t.co/WCdcFN8XEI
I think this is one of the most important information for me. And i am glad reading your article. But wanna remark on some general things, The website style is perfect, the articles is really excellent : D. Good job, cheers
I’ll right away grasp your rss feed as I can not in finding your email subscription link or newsletter service. Do you’ve any? Please allow me recognise so that I may just subscribe. Thanks.
I’ve been having issues with my Windows hosting. It has set me back quite a bit while making the next list. This is the current list that I have. I should add another list in less than a week. I’ll let you all know when the next list is ready. Thank you for your patience.
Hola! I’ve been reading your website for a long time now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Kingwood Tx! Just wanted to say keep up the excellent work!
Piece of writing writing is also a excitement, if you know then you can write or else it is complex to write.
"EllisonAC packaged plantrooms are manufactured totally in-house ensuring the company is one of the UK's leading containerised-plantroom manufacturers."
Evening exterior view of the new Evans Way Park entrance of the new wing of the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum.
Become a member and be the first to receive updates and event invitations! To learn more about membership—and other ways to support the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum’s Extension + Preservation Project—please call 617-264-6040.
It is also possible to at first manage the organization all attached to your very own and will then you should retain the services of people when the company swells. You will certainly also need to register your business with the plank. The business is most likely not regarded with respect to the huge points it really does but for the tiny factors you tend do well six. Setting up a life coaching organization and learning how to entice consumers is so much more than basically understanding how to manage a prosperous business organization.
Endurance and perseverance This is easily natural that individuals want to comprehend their business become powerful as quickly as is possible. Just before you try to procede with going into business for your own, you wish to end up being sure that you simply remove to run a small business00 enterprise. If you’re pondering about becoming self-employed, starting a small localized business which has a couple staff, or initiating a company which will grow into a far larger organization, the one particular element you already know is that you desire to become your have boss.
The vast majority of guys may proper care about your business or the goods or perhaps building residual income and almost all of00 your home and close friends join your company and that means you are going to give up requesting these people regarding it. Whatever you require for your company depends upon lots of elements, consequently is actually most suitable to halt by the Nevada Department of Insurance internet site for comprehensive info. Using these tactics, strategies and systems to enhance your organization, there really should not any good reason that you aren’t construct a powerful and profitable group. You would like to know HOW to run a wealthy business for any life mentor.
If you need to begin your company, believe in your self. What you might always like to shoot for is always to develop your company, check out it little by little do well, and attempt to keep long term success amounts and development. Today, businesses are facing an overwhelming sum of information that may always be utilized to boost in business functionality. Or, perhaps you believe starting the own firm will enable you to earn more money, and control your individual destiny. For no reason quit learning and constantly focus on the things it is also possible to become relevant to your private business. At the same time a great internet marketing business can easily likewise get an associated marketing and advertising organization that functions to promote items or providers owned by many unique people or companies for the commission payment.
If perhaps you are actually a fledgeling to operating a business you will possibly not be familiarized with the best and up as of yet methods to employ in your strategy. Or you will absolutely already running your enterprise and you will absolutely making a certain level of income, but you want to earn far more. Today, companies are confronted with a high quantity and wide selection of information that demands successful analysis to enable the information are not able to simply be put to use to improve and boost business procedure, but in addition supply the business with ability to remain competitive in a world of business that has arrive to count on technology to keep profitability. An internet advertising and marketing enterprise will feature a web site that drags in customers who will need to purchase or offer a good or service. For more info read here isginsaat.com.tr .
n. an interest in real property which, according to the deed (or a will or trust), a party will receive only if a certain event occurs or certain circumstances happen. Examples: surviving a person who had a life estate (the right to use the property for his/her life), or having children at the time such a life estate ends.
You will feel cozy in any of the 22 rooms that this turn key mansion has waiting! With 14 bedrooms, 9 full bathrooms, 8 fireplaces, commercial Kitchen, billiards rm & a full bar. no expenses were spared to complete the 17,000 Sq. Ft. restoration back to its original glory & class, placing it among the elite on both State & National historic Registry!
High atop the 15 acre estate also boast the 2000 Sq. Ft. Care Takers Cottage. A cottage by name but certainly not a cottage be the standard term. With 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, 2 car garage and top it off with a gourmet kitchen.
This property is only 5 minutes to Whiteface Mtn, biggest slopes in the Northeast. Approx 20 minutes to downtown Lake Placid.
All information deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be independently verified. All properties are subject to prior sale, change or withdrawal. OldHouses.com is not responsible for any typographical errors, misinformation, misprints and shall be held totally harmless.
Add to Favorites Remove from Favorites Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Email This Listing
Veterans and active-duty military not in uniform can render the military-style hand salute during the playing of the national anthem, and during the raising, lowering or passing of the flag, thanks to changes in federal law that took effect in 2008 and 2009. Details can be found at U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs website by clicking the the link below.
Joan Delmont and Chloé Bocktaels, two of the animators I worked with on the Chico Chica Boumba pilot last year are finally releasing the first teaser video for their personal project: “Small riders”.
“Small riders” is a series of animation featuring two very appealing cartoony characters, Camille Beaumaison and Eugénie Schlhert, a michievous skaterboarder and an angry inline rider who share the same passion for skateparks.
“Small riders” is produced by Zeilt, the good people behind the very quirky Mr Hublot, and they are hoping to find some financial backing if “Small riders” generates enough response.
I meant to write a very long post on that brilliant shortfilm by Studio Soi but never found the time to start working on it. The release of a making of for “the Gruffalo” will be a new opportunity to feature Soi, one of my favourite animation studio since I discovered “Ernst Im Herbst”, a CG shortfilm using watercolour looking background, “Strasse Der Spezialisten”, “Olis chance” and “Tom and Lily”. I hope one day Soi will make a compilation of all their work.
The Gruffalo is a great shortfilm with a very fresh look and purely british quirkiness and I am even more proud to share with you the making of as several of my Animation Mentor classmates and fellow graduates worked on it.
Neil Parkinson, my lead from EA just posted a short animation piece he has been working on for a bit during his rare spare time. Check it out it is really cool.
Neil didn’t just animate the shots, he also came up with the designs, rigged the characters and rendered the shots…. pretty impressive if you ask me!
I am also posting his 2010 showreel where you will be able to see some of the great projects he worked on at EA: a longer version of the shot he animated for the Spare Parts trailer I posted a while back, some Zubo animation and some other really funny Western inspired personal animation.
And while we are at it, let me introduce you Bishop 2.0, the latest version of my favourite Animation Mentor rig. I haven’t had a chance to test it yet but this looks very promising and I have to mention that my friend the awesome Keith Ribbons helped out with the facial rigging.
My friend Jamie Cardoso just published an article in CGSociety regarding Mental Ray in Max 2011. Check it out
Nothing groundbreaking in that video but it is still nice to see glimpses of what Disney’s Avalanche studio is doing.
Until very recently Lee had Lou Romano’s “Up” colorscript on his desktop so that should give you an idea about some of his inspirations and the kind of quality he is aiming at.
[update] I have been told that the original videos can’t be viewed outside UK so here is a low res Youtube version
While I am at it. What about an other video about our neighbours, Little Big Planet creators’ Media Molecule?
I have had a very healthy Facebook conversation on animation style with my friend Samy for the past few days and we were trying to define the Animation Mentor style and compare it with other style of animation.
Personally I love all animation styles, and Michael Dudok de Wit throughout his work encapsulated the whole range of styles I respond to. From the abstract “The Aroma of tea” to the over the top oscar nominated “The fish and the monk” through the delicate “Father and daughter”.
I love all animation style but one style I have a problem with is the “motion capture style”. I am definitely not a big fan of motion capture but what I want to talk about today is something a bit different.
You might have come across shots that were so well animated that they looked well … “motion captured”. Shot that were keyframed but looked so real that they looked like they were captured by computers.
The motion capture look is perfect when you work in VFX and want to blend the CG animation with “live plates” but it is not so great when you work with cartoony characters.
My friend Tomas posted a great animation on his blog sometime ago. A shot that really impressed me for someone who just graduated from Animation school but I felt that something wasn’t quite right. I wasn’t able to tell him what to improve until my ex mentor Kevin Koch, recorded a very enlightening eCritique for my friend Nedy’s February “11 second club” winning entry.
What he is suggesting Nedy to get rid of that motion capture feel is to simply push the poses and timing.
Olivier Ladeuix: hehe thanks Brendan, yeah lately I have been trying to think how cartoon and realistic animation...
Brendan Body: This is funny to see. I worked on the film and lead animator Tim Pixton gave the animators a talk on...
Olivier Ladeuix: thanks Mirac, great work on your Vimeo channel and that Hobo shot is really entertaining!
Olivier Ladeuix: Does the chicken or the egg come first? Ultimately the animator needs to be able to animate in an...
Cartoony eyes – How to :Animation with a moustache: 30;] few month working on Okido, I felt there was a lack of...
Make it organic_Overwatch D.VA “Game On” emote :Animation with a moustache: 30;] posts: So you want to be...
John K - this is not John Khars here but Ren and Stimpy John Kricfalusi. I am not too fan of the cartoon but
Dov’eravamo mentre succedeva tutto questo? Riflettori sull’Alta Finanza per capire che cosa succederà | Oliviero Beha
Development, production, sale and service of machines for food industry companies Development Standard and custom-made machines or line sets with the use of the latest design tools and...
I used to review books, oh, all the time. I've gotten out of it because I wanted to focus more on homeschooling and whatnot. But I've missed book reviewing. It's fun for me to read a new creation and offer my opinion of it. I love that I can do so without the feeling that I have to say something positive. While I never tear down a book (ever), I don't always leave positive reviews. If I don't like a book, I say so. But I try to do so in a kind way.
That said, I'm pretty easy to please. I've only not liked one or two books I've reviewed. And I've reviewed quite a few.
My next review will be of A Charming Voodoo by Tonya Kappes, and will be posted on October 16th. Tonya Kappes is one of my favorite authors! Her mystery books are fun and engaging. I hope to see you here!
Btw... if you're an author and want an honest review of your book, please feel free to email me. I can offer you a link to my Amazon reviews so you can see how I've reviewed before. :)
Here are the cheapest Bed & Breakfasts in the most popular destination cities. Select a location to expand your search to all properties near your favorite cities. Select Book now to reserve instantly online.
Hostel - Looking for a hostel in Budapest? Rainbow is the best choice if you're looking for a nice,clean,trendy hostel with an excellent staff close to the major landmarks of Budapest.
Hostel - Newly renewed sunny hostel with great location, two min walk from Keleti station. Brand new beds, showers, kitchen and helpfull staff.
Hostel - Brand new backpacker location in the heart of the city. Spacious dormitories and private rooms for resonable prices.
Hostel - High quality private and dormitory rooms in the center. Full breakfast included! Professional, calm and peaceful hostel with smooth bio - mattresses and a fully equipped communal kitchen!
Guesthouse - Hostel in the center of Budapest. 2 minutes from the parlement, and from the castle.Nice price!
Hostel - Hostel Domino is a brand new backpacker's hostel located in Budapest's premier tourist shopping boulevard. Small and medium dormitory rooms, guest kitchen, all newly outfitted in 2006 and spotlessly maintained.
Hostel - This is a very centrally located hostel at the Deak sqr is in the centre of Budapest, near the most popular downtown walking street near the crossing point of 3 metro lines.
Homestay - Brandnew hostelstyle gardenhouse rooms with all facilities to be used very close to the Airport in Budapest and good traffic connection to the center.
Bed and breakfast - Rooms are close to the József Körút Boulevard at Pest side, VIII district, and conveniently located near downtown area.
Hostel - Central hostel is very centrally located in the second house from the famous walking street Vaci utca. Our hostel in the centre of downtown Budapest, close to all sights, restaurants and nightlife. Book now
Apartment - The Leslie Apartments hotel is situated in the very centre of Budapest on the Pest side of the city.
Hotel - Fusing a friendly atmosphere with proximity to a host of attractions, the 3-star hotel is located on the Buda side of the capital in a tranquil and lush spot.
Hostel - new, great located hostel with cheapr private rooms (shared and ensuite dbl, twin) in Budapest city centre in a party area, next to trendy Franz Liszt square and main boulevard. Cheap prices and friendly atmosphere
Apartment - The apartment is located in newly renovated monument building from the 19th century at beautiful on József körút boulevard close to Rákóczi square.
Hostel - Elizabeth Bridge Hostel is a brand new hostel in the heart of Budapest. We are offering cheep accommodation for travelers, who are looking for a simple, clean place to stay.
Hostel - The Marco Polo Hostel is a state-of-the-art hostel designed to the highest standards. The hostel is a member of the IYHF and offers discounts for HI cardsholders.
Hotel - Hostel Rila is situated in the center of Budapest, in a peaceful green area, close to the highway to the airport, just 3 stops by metro (M3 blue line) from the heart of the city.
Hostel - Basilica Hostel is a new hostel in the most central place of Budapest. We have dormitory style and private rooms. The hostel is near the famous walking street Vaci utca. Deak ter is the most central crossing point in the city centre.
Apartment - Centrally situated on the Budapest Pest side of the city, these apartments offer good value and convenience, within easy reach of public transport services.
Hostel - Down Town with modern and stylish private rooms, wifi internet, refrigerator. Excellent public transportation. Close to all main tourist attractions.
Hostel - Our hostel opened this year in may. We have 48 beds , 6 and 8 beds dormitories and beds private. In the house is the internet and self service laundry. We accept 24 hours check in. We are very near to the famouse walking street Vaci utca. Book now
Apartment - Apartment is situated in Hársfa street, near by metro station Blaha Lujza tér and famous New York cafe.
Guesthouse - Kisfaludy street apartment is situated close to the József Körút Boulevard at Pest side, VIII district, and conveniently located near downtown area.
Apartment - Apartment is situated on the József Körút Boulevard, 67 at Pest side, VIII district, downtown area. The building is a monument built at the end of 19th century, with nice balcony with view on the town.
Apartment - The apartment is located in a dynamic and historic Ferenciek square, in the middle of the famous pedestrian Váci Street. River Danube and the Elisabeth bridge are no more than 50 meters away from the building.
Hotel - The Ferihegy hotel is a newly-renovated and modernly-equipped transit hotel close to the airport, thus being a perfect place for short-term guests and airline staff.
Guesthouse - Dear Friend, We are at the coolest entertainment spot downtown Budapest, all rooms with own sanitary facilities (shower, toilet, basin) at the lowest price possible. What to look anymore for? Details follows .
Hostel - 1st Hostel Budapest has a good location near the Danube river. It is a high quality hostel with very reasonable prices.
Guesthouse - Centrooms House offers modern, comfortable and cheap rooms, with private bathroom, cabel TV, room safe and air condition in the heart of Budapest.
Apartment - Apartment is situated on the Teréz Boulevard, 7 at Pest side, VI district, and conveniently located near downtown area.
Apartment - We have in our offer 3 apartments, exclusive position and offer. Apartments are situated on Andrássy út, city center with view on the Opera house. Hungarian counts used to living in this area and this building in 19th century.
Apartment - The flat is situated on the first floor of the renovated monument building erected at the end of 19th century. The apartment is 50 sqm in size with one big and one small room.
Apartment - Blue Sky is apartment in small street near by Orczi square, 4 stops by bus 9 from the Jószef boulevard.
Apartment - Apartment is situated on Erzsébet boulevard in the city center in building where is famous Mozart cafe.
Bed and breakfast - Lovely small scale Bed & Breakfast at the side of the Bükk national park in North Eastern Hungary
Having fled centuries before, the Rage return to take revenge and claim the planet for their own. Now, through a deal struck with the unlikeliest of allies, the human race may rely on the Predators to ensure mankind's ultimate freedom. Yet even the combined might of the two races may not be enough. The fate of the Earth may rest with a single android--Liliya of the Rage.»
Since years sun glasses have become an essential style accessory for both fashion and health point of view. The world has about seven major tectonic plates and numerous smaller plates. An additional nice touch'especially for travelers'is that the Crossfade M-100 enables you to share a connection with another headset through a 3. nyas&#305; ile de yak&#305;ndan ilgili ve deneyimli ki&#351;ilerdir.
That line of clothing would earn the two international fame for its design and fashion inspiration. Local patrons are more inclined to refer to buckskin al relating to affordable cars and trucks. This gives them much more advantages simply because every owner or firm will try to supply big discount rates like medpets coupons to increase the actual sales. Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana, both well-known and respected Italian designers, started the company.
Sennheiser brand earbuds are known for their high quality and performance. Whatever style, design and colour of handbag you want make sure you visit were sure you won’t be disappointed. The Ipanema line by Paradizia is a Colombian swimwear line with an Arabian flavor. Article Source: nostro negozio online potrai trovare i migliori kit tatuaggi e moltissime attrezzature tatuaggi , abbiamo uno dei pi.
Are you a bodybuilder in Carroll County, Ohio? Are you looking for workouts, routines, clothes, supplements, nutrition, or forums?
Bodybuilding.me is your #1 source for everything bodybuilding and physique. We also have several cool resources for female bodybuilders in Carroll County, Ohio.
Women bodybuilders and men physique competitors in Carroll County, Ohio will find supplements, training tips, diet secrets, contest preparation information, and recipes to help you get ripped and shredded!
Bodybuilding in Carroll County, Ohio is a form of body modification which includes intensive muscle hypertrophy (muscle growth). An individual who engages in this activity is referred to as a bodybuilder. In competitive and professional bodybuilding, bodybuilders show their physiques to the judges, who award points. Bodybuilders in Carroll County, Ohio prepare for competition through a combination of fat loss, oils, and tanning (or tanning lotions) which combined with lighting make the definition of the muscle group more distinct and pronounced.
Are you tired of being called fat or chubby? Or are you too slim and get called a “stick” all the time? You, my friend are in dire need of taking up the art of bodybuilding. Bodybuilding is a very serious commitment to yourself and to the goal of transforming your body into a work of art that does not require a gallery to be displayed in Carroll County, Ohio.
More than anything, bodybuilding is the name given to a lifestyle led on the principles of discipline, patience and ambition. Ambition for change already exists in you but you have to give direction to this fire by applying discipline to your daily routine. Instead of scrambling wildly for information on the internet and getting misguided, simply head over to “Bodybuilding.com” which contains the most detailed and beginner friendly instructions for bodybuilding.
Choosing a training plan is as important as having the resolve to start bodybuilding. You have to define your main goal. Are you looking to lose weight and get shredded? Or are you striving to gain mass and get buffed up? Only you can answer these questions and you need to answer honestly because after all this is your own body we are talking about here. Once you have decided firmly upon your main goal, you can browse through the plethora of free training programs available online and pick one that suits your taste. Also you can pay for a personal trainer at your local gym for much faster results if you feel you lack the commitment to follow a training plan by yourself.
Before you start working out, build a Nutrition plan for yourself. Nutrition is the most vital component that determines how long it will take for you to see results or not at all. If you are putting 6 hours into exercises and still eating burgers and fries for your lunch, you are going to see no change at all in your body even if you keep exercising for a year.
Follow an online nutrition plan or get your personal trainer to tailor make a plan suited to your daily caloric requirements. As a rule of thumb, increase green vegetables and fruits by 60 percent of what you were taking previously. Also remember to include sources of “lean” protein into your diet to help those muscles repair and regrow bigger and better.
When you partake in such strenuous activity during your training exercises, the body is forced to expend a lot of its stored energy. This is a good sign but during the process, your body will also add some vital minerals and vitamins to that waste basket. You have to “supplement” this loss by a manual intake of the important substances that your muscles and metabolic system requires.
Zinc, Creatine, Amino Acids and Magnesium are all key elements that your major muscle groups need in order to repair themselves after you train them. Consult your personal trainer or explain your work out plan in detail to your local gym store to get the perfect supplements for your body. Remember, taking supplements alone will not do wonders so take care of your diet and exercise routine as well.
The sport of bodybuilding in Carroll County, Ohio is judged based on the physical appearance and demonstrations of the participants. There is currently a campaign to have bodybuilding adopted as an Olympic sport, but this campaign is met with strong resistance by some. It is commonly argued that bodybuilding is not an actual sport, as the contest itself is non-athletic. When competitive bodybuilders compete, they demonstrate many poses intended to “show off” specific muscle groups. This posing is a large part of competitive bodybuilding, and many bodybuilders spent a good portion of their training time perfecting their posing routines.
Bodybuilding isn't just about your workout and diet. It's a lifestyle. It's how you live each day. "Others" may think it's just about bench press, egg whites, Tupperware with tuna and spray tanning, but we know better. It's about feeling unstoppable each and every day. It's about being proud of yourself and living your life to the fullest.
Check out these valuable resources for you to get huge, get ripped, make money in fitness and kick ass:
NESTA offers you the best personal traner certification used by bodybuilders in Carroll County, Ohio
WEEK-BY-WEEK One of the benefits, the company says, is that it effectively cradles the body during rest, which decreases the incidence of turning and tossing, helping to keep your hips, shoulders, back and neck comfortably aligned for a complete night's rest. In addition, it's filled with what is called a Fusion Fiber- the manufacturers refer to it as a hypoallergenic fluffy and soft polyester polymer that is clump and lump resistant. The Cuddle Buddy Total Body Pillow is uniquely designed to follow the natural contour and shape of your body. Perfect for sleeping and relaxing, the horseshoe-shaped pillow allows you to attain a position that is just right for you. Parenting Walmart.com Recent Update Frequency FOOD Home Office €80 from Amazon Health Resources Leggings Sale Hospital Helper Some customers complained that the pillow retained a strong chemical scent despite days spent airing it out. Ergonomic Products Updated: Oct. 25 2017 July 22, 2016 at 6:15 am × Savvy Rest took a big step to underscore values we care about at the end of 2012. We became an employee-owned company. My husband bought me the Leachco Snoogle Total Body Pillow for my second pregnancy because I always had such a hard time getting comfortable at bedtime. It is such a great pillow and I won’t sleep without it now. I highly recommend it to anyone struggling with comfort during pregnancy. The pillow is light in weight. Top 5 JADE MATS This pillow has the added benefit of keeping you from tossing and turning in your sleep. 4.3 out of 5 stars 456 The pillow covers come in a variety of colors and pattern designs to choose from, and you can even order extra covers for your pillow. You can pick a color to match your bedroom motif or one that you find mentally soothing to help you relax even more. The Best Pregnancy Pillows have Other Uses It is the widest and longest single nerve in the human body, going from the lower spine to the foot. This nerve is responsible for providing a connection to the skin, muscles of the thigh, leg and foot with the nervous system. Quit a lot for one nerve to do. A body pillow is a long, narrow pillow that is meant to be cradled between your legs as you sleep on your side. The purpose of a body pillow is to improve spinal alignment and aid in pressure point relief. Best memory foam pregnancy pillow Pregnancy Calender Do I need a pregnancy pillow? Top 10 Tips for Living With Chronic Back Pain 154 people found this helpful Top 5 Body Pillows Reviewed, to Make Your Decision Easier Down Care Guide Includes 30 Day money back guarantee Order Status See more product details Since extra covers are sold separately, purchasing one for pillow protection would be my suggestion to avoid having to deal with washing such a bulky product. • Pregnancy body pillow. This pregnancy pillow is literally the size of your body. You sleep on it as if you’re lying across your partner. Hopefully there will be no jealousy! Likely the fact that you sleep well, instead of tossing and turning, will make it easy for your bedmate to welcome a pregnancy body pillow into bed. Custom Masks Great Sleep Presents for Dad: Snooze On! Linenspa Reversible Hypoallergenic Down Alternative Comforter We spent 42 hours on research, videography, and editing, to review the top choices for this wiki. A good night's sleep is essential to prepare you for the day ahead and to promote a healthy immune system. So, if you've been tossing and turning at night lately, try cuddling up to one of these body pillows. They're great for keeping your neck, shoulders, back, and hips aligned all night long, and they are also good for alleviating the discomforts commonly suffered throughout pregnancy. When users buy our independently chosen editorial picks, we may earn commissions to support our work. Skip to the best body pillow on Amazon. Cookies Notice Today’s Mom has a contoured design that’s anatomically-appropriate and very smooth. As a result, the possible shoulder discomfort is taken out of the equation. Buy the Moonlight Slumber Comfort-U Total Body Support Pillow on Amazon for $109.95 Types of Pillows? Other technical issue The head support system helps relieve heartburn and acid reflux. By Tami L. Osterday on October 4, 2017 Other reviewers describe it as a massive pillow- great for pregnant wives who are determined to sleep on their sides during their pregnancy. Enjoyed this guide? Let your friends know about the best guide on pregnancy pillows using the share buttons! Overall I like this pillow. It's nice that you can move it around and make it into any shape you want. My only complaint though is that sometimes my legs get caught in the strings that attach the pillows and I wake up with a pillow tied around my leg. Which is not a pleasant way to wake up! Also it would be nice if, considering the price, pillow cases came with it. 10 Answers FREE 2-Hour Delivery The Best Standing Desks, According to Amazon Reviews The Best Standing Desks, According to Am… The third body support pillow we examined is the Moonlight Slumber option- it is a U-shaped pillow, designed for sleepers to comfortably stretch out while supporting both sides of the body. $18.87 R29 Original Series & Films At this point, the other end and part of the pillow is right behind you to support your back. Lower quality pillow case may not be desirable by those used to higher quality linens Love, Love, Love Reasons why you might consider buying the Comfort U Total Body Support Pillow: Guest Post The Best Water Shoes on Amazon The Best Water Shoes on Amazon (4.8 out of 5.0 editors rating) Affiliate Universities 195+ sold A favorite pillow for many moms that supports your entire body while you sleep. The Comfort U Total Body Support Pillow has a premium fiber that allows air to flow freely throughout the pillow. The generously oversized U-shape design allows you to stretch out supporting both sides of your body but more specifically your neck, shoulders, back, and hips. Replacement pillowcases for the Comfort-U body pillow are also available. It is easy to clean since it is machine washable. Mum and Baby Made Easy	Alexa Alwyn Home U Shaped Body Pillow Protector Your body size - This pregnancy pillow is made for those of you with a narrow frame. If you are someone who lives slightly on the wider side of life (no shame, us women come in all shapes and sizes) then this pregnancy pillow may be a poor fit.
Reduced snoring. This isn’t directly related to pregnancy, but is another potential advantage. People who snore often sleep on their back which can affect their airways. By making side sleeping more comfortable with a pregnancy pillow, and by improving spinal alignment, snoring can be reduced or eliminated in some cases. November 26, 2016 at 10:53 am What are the key features? Rasa Alšauskienė Grow With Me Swaddle - NEW* FacebookTwitterTumblrPinterestRSS Finding Assistance #5. J Shaped- Premium Contoured Body Pregnancy Maternity Pillow $22 at Amazon I am 5’10” and in the third semester of my pregnancy. Even though I have never used a pregnancy pillow before (this is my first pregnancy), I think that I need one because it’s becoming harder to lie on my back. Which is best pregnancy pillow for my height? Full Body Support Pillow|Closing soon Full Body Support Pillow|While supplies last Full Body Support Pillow|Today only
Have an annual electrical safety inspection i.e the enhanced electrical inspection or”e2” , which includes the electrical equipment. You can clearly see that red is connected to the new brown live , black is connected to the new blue neutral and the green and yellow earth stays the same. Djb electrical services are able to offer free estimates for larger jobs as well as a small works commitment.
An electrical testing of an existing installation, which was formerly known as a periodic inspection report pir has been changed to electrical installation condition report eicr due to the new 17th edition bs 7671: 2008 incorporating amendment 3:2015. From minor repairs to the complete re-wiring of a building, we’d be only too happy to come.
Vde electricians screwdrivers . Welcome to the electrical cables store, where you'll find great prices on a wide range of different electrical cables for diy and professional use. Best college for a levels value added* in the east midlands. For landlords and anyone seeking a condition report for the entire property, you’ll need an “electrical.
So i think you need to mug up on the regs for caravans , never done one , so either back to the regs or let someone else worry about it . Or request a callback by simply filling in the form below. Copper is very common, but needs to have plating of tin, or solder tinning, or silver so that soldered connections are good; also to prevent copper corrosion or oxidation. Protect your family by having lec install a state-of-the-art security system, including options for remote camera monitoring.
A total rewire of a two-bed terraced house including. You know your wire is in there somewhere, but you just can’t seem to find it it’s probably hung up on another wire or pipe, but guessing isn’t going to solve the problem instead, shine a flashlight onto an inspection mirror to find out exactly what’s going.
Professional niceic /napit registered engineers fixed fee no hidden costs quality service at best prices - all london post codes covered! we at landlord safety certificates are qualified to carry out a range of safety checks and issue safety. Energy audit costs differ, especially when commercial buildings are concerned since commercial.
Sorry to hear this, but very very common! why oh why do people use builders! always contract an electrician directly and never hire a builder to do the whole job as it virtually always ends in trouble. St department of urology, university of athens medical school, laiko hospital, athens, greece. Because copper and aluminium are cheap but good, flexible conductors other than metals,.
Fewer than two plug sockets in each room, broken or cracked sockets and rounded entries as opposed to 3-pin varieties can indicate that your plug sockets are out of date also keep in mind that if the plugs ever feel hot, they will need to be inspected as soon as possible. Now offering electric car charging points for businesses and homes. We.
Specializing in both residential and commercial electrical work and controls owned and operated by a certified master electrician. Electrical inspection and testing. One of britain's largest bus operators, we help around 1.6 million passengers get about their local communities every day putting safety first and our customers.
General contractors of residential and commercial construction 24 hours /365 days a year emergency electrical services our company specializes in all aspects we do everything from small remodel jobs and turn-key remodeling to total renovati. We have used the caztec group for all our electrical work for the last nine years the company are professional and extremely competent. Search the registered competent person.
Too many people and families desperately need help with serious diseases like cancer, heart disease and Alzheimer’s. We started the Center for Drug Discovery Innovation (CDDI) to help discover new treatments and cures. We work in two main ways:
From discovery to cure: When a UC San Diego researcher has a new idea for how to treat a disease, this is just a beginning. The CDDI evaluates new ideas and helps advance the most promising ones.
Innovating drug discovery: The journey from idea to treatment is long, costly, and too often unsuccessful. CDDI scientists and engineers are inventing new technologies to surmount the obstacles and navigate this process faster and more effectively.
The UC Drug Discovery Consortium is soliciting proposals for the second round of seed funding. For details go to http://ucdrugdiscovery.org/requestfunds.
The CDDI's Dr. Dionicio Siegel provided a perspective of the drug discovery process on May 8 at UCSD's Osher Lifeline Learning Institute. This was followed by a lively 50 minute panel Q&A, with CDDI's Drs. Haim Weizman, Michael K. Gilson, and Siegel, spanning the science, economics, and politics of drug discovery and the pharmaceutical industry.
Drs. Williams Ettouati, Jan D. Hirsch, and Jeremiah D. Momper, have developed and established an innovative Masters program in Drug Development and Product Management,, based at UC San Diego's Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences. The case- and project- oriented curriculum builds skills in management, regulatory affairs, and pharmacoeconomics, equipping students to guide drug development projects. Faculty are drawn from industry and academia, and students will engage in industrial internships as part of the program.
The above photo was taken in 1896 in Superior, Wisconsin, at a studio on Conner’s Point then known as West Superior. Left is Christ “C.C.” Grimsrud b.1879, my grandfather. Next is Louis the (adopted stepson of Martin Grimsrud b.1862) and Hans Grimsrud b.1877 and the older brother of C.C. Grimsrud. Christ, Hans and Martin were all brothers born in Norway who immigrated to America before 1895.
The era was referred to as “the golden age of bicycles”. My grandfather Christ, on the left, had a Victor bicycle, the first with pneumatic tires that were glued onto lightweight wooden rims. Hundreds of firms were competing in this intense market of high demand where the typical bicycle was selling for $100.00.
Ootsmarsum, Netherlands attracts tourists from all across Europe and most arrive by bicycle. This is the heart of cycling along the German border where each town has its weekly market day and outdoor dining places line the quaint old time streets.
Ootmarsum, Netherlands; this bicycle shop has a steady flow of touring cyclers from all around Europe and many local accommodations are known as B & B’s, that is bed and bike hotels.
Jane admires a 16 inch British made folding bicycle. These interesting little bikes have evolved into serious transportation vehicles because they not only go fast and are terrific in traffic, but they fold quickly to take aboard trains, airplanes and even into your hotel or office.
Exotic? German Blitzkrieg, “lightning strike” Messerschmitt Luftwaffe flying machine with its locomotive sized air horn is engineered to make an outrageous statement.
Parked on ancient cobble stones this relic of the past milk delivery bicycle has enjoyed a long life of service in rural Georgsdorf, Germany and still rolls.
A city shopper trails a kiddy kart equipped for rain or shine on the quiet and clean streets of Nordhorn, Germany. It is hard to top this place for neat, clean and quiet.
Made in Germany, this alloy three speed folding bicycle comes complete with halogen running lights that activate automatically and run off from an internal generator. The amazing thing is that a tote bag for shipping on an airplane is included and all sells for 200€ or $260.00 U.S.D. This is the sale price at Aldi chain stores in Europe.
Pedal powered and ecologically friendly freight hauling neatly hits the streets of Germany. This man is keeping the country clean by recycling without burning a drop of fossil fuel.
A happy biker cruises the smooth paved bicycle path along one of the many canals of Nordhorn, Germany, on the latest Dahon alloy folding bike. Folding bicycles all across Europe have recently become very popular for commuters and campers like the man above who has his camper van rig parked at the city’s municipal camping place.
20 inch tricycles make a scaled down shopping cart convenient for short trips. This is Yucatan, Mexico and the price tag is in pesos and equivalent of less than $200 US.
Eligio Chi Perez, pictured above, begins his day before sunup by riding his bicycle seven kilometers from his home in Colonia Bojorquez to the Diario de Yucatán office in downtown Mérida to pick up the newspapers to deliver.
Each day his delivery of 175 newspapers takes him as far north as the Grand Plaza area, eight kilometers from downtown.
Still smiling seventy-one year old Eligio has faithfully made his rounds for the past fifty-two years.
Amazingly he has only worn out two bicycles in the process and not burned a single drop of gasoline.
A special congratulations to one of Yucatán’s most ecologically friendly citizens, Eligio Chi Perez.
Ready to roll home when the work day is finished this home made tricycle converted to a fruit drink bar expands into a curbside business.
A portable welding shop hits the streets of Mérida, Yucatán, Mexico. These tricycle’s are pressed into service for everything from taxis to mini-restaurants.
Dr. Steven Fry is a trendsetter. CD rear reflectors, rubber chicken squeeze horn, angle-iron seat extension, rubber hose speed shifter and numerous other eccentric innovations make his bicycle at home in Mexico.
This bike started life as a conservative Schwinn but when Carlos *Cherli” Dzidz Chí got it, he has 'mexicanized' it with reflectors, ribbons and fancy do-dads. Now it is exotic.
Biking on the streets of Yucatán; one kid to steer, one for locomotion and a passenger aft. A device called a “diablo”, or devil is fastened to the axle shaft ends and is designed to stand on making extended passenger carrying capacity possible in the land where safety is an option.
Cross country in Yucatán on our Dahon folding bicycles - with our starting point far off in the distance of the Puuc hills, Jane and I halt on a hill top to collect our breath and hydrate.
This is the best book I have read in years. It is a memoir of the author's experiences from Communistic East Germany, West German, and America as they evolved into the 21st century from post WWII. This life story is seamlessly related in a style and method that makes you lament the end of the book.
“The stories about war did nothing to make me feel confident that I could handle such a catastrophe. They left me certain that you needed luck to survive. But luck I already had. I was alive now, after the war, in a time when the world had just learned a lesson it could never forget. Nationalism had been exposed as a curse. Everyone had learned war brought no glory, only misery. I hoped that would be enough.”
“I tried to turn back, but I no longer fit and the home I longed for had vanished along with the child I had been.”
Alexander von Humboldt was an exceptionally brilliant, insightful man. He was painstakingly thorough in his research, and he delivered his monumental message two centuries ago. This one of a kind scientist pioneered his research with an original approach. He saw the need for an ecological balance between nature and mans ever encroaching plunder of new frontiers.
I loved the book’s aspects of discovery, enlightenment, and consciousness. Andrea Wulf delivered Humboldt’s message which the world desperately needs to heed now. This huge volume captivated my attention all the way through and I was sad to see it come to an end...it is memorable!
"During much of his long life, he was the nexus of the scientific world, writing some 50,000 letters and receiving at least double that number. Knowledge, Humboldt believed, had to be shared, exchanged, and made available to everybody. Humboldt ‘read’ plants as others did books – and to him they revealed a global force behind nature, the movements of civilizations as well as of landmass. No one had ever approached botany in this way."
"Humboldt talked of ‘mankind’s mischief … which disturbs nature’s order’. There were moments in his life when he was so pessimistic that he painted a bleak future of humankind’s eventual expansion into space, when humans would spread their lethal mix of vice, greed, violence and ignorance across other planets. The human species could turn even those distant stars ‘barren’ and leave them ‘ravaged’, Humboldt wrote as early as 1801, just as they were already doing with earth."
Gustav Regler was an exceptional intellect with a brilliant mind. He was a compassionate humanitarian, politically just and publicly empathetic.
Many events impacted this man’s life beginning with his mother introducing the Bible into her bed-time stories. He wanted to trust and came away with memories of his foolish heroism in WWI. He wished he could talk to one of the dead and was conscious of the utter finality of their end. He was imprisoned because he would no longer endure the war.
Hitler’s fascism of the 1930s which he found frighteningly lethal drove him and his social conscience to communism.
Joe Stalin’s twisted and oppressive degradation of the Soviet people drove him away from communism to fight Franco’s fascism in Spain, and ultimately he was imprisoned in a concentration camp in France for being anti-fascist.
He and a shipload of anti-fascist refugees from the camps in France were shipped off to the U.S. and refused entry…Mexico took them in.
Regler to his wife: “We could each think our own thoughts, and we would not let this mad, merciless century drive us apart.”
“It is the only temple that has any link with the cosmos." She loved the Mexican pyramids because they were not graves but altars speaking to Heaven.”
Regler relates how the Russian Communists went to absurd extremes to destroy Regler, his wife, and their adopted home in Mexico.
This is a powerful book of an extraordinary man’s struggle through the tribulations of the 20th century. I have read it twice.
Gustav Regler wrote many books. Another of my favorites by him is A Land Bewitched: Mexico in the Shadow of the Centuries. I recommend that you read the Owl of Minerva first.
This is a novel originally published in 1927 is a stand alone classic...memorable and unforgettable. My favorite line: “Not for everybody.”
Erich Fromm, a prolific twentieth century author with and immense collection of profound essays and books too long to list here...a pleasure to read and ponder.
One of my favorite quotes: “Modern man, if he dared to be articulate about his concept of heaven, would describe a vision which would look like the biggest department store in the world, showing new things and gadgets, and himself having plenty of money with which to buy them. He would wander around open-mouthed in this heaven of gadgets and commodities, provided only that there were ever more and newer things to buy, and perhaps that his neighbors were just a little less privileged than he.”
Physically the book is relatively small, but intellectually it is a giant. I positively loved this compilation of essays with accompanying commentary that give insight into one of the world's most profound thinkers.
I recommend “The World As I See It” only to those who are interested in a harmonious world of peaceful coexistence.
In the introduction to this collection Neil Berger, Associate Professor Emeritus of Mathematics, University of Illinois at Chicago wrote in August of 2010:
Einstein characterized himself as a supporter of cultural and social Zionism, but not political Zionism, thus attempting to stay true to his distrust of nationalism. He wanted the Jews to “solve the problem of living side by side with our brother the Arab in an open, generous and worthy manner.”
Einstein did not have the unquestioned support of the Jewish community in America, and his backing of the Zionist movement was criticized by many who felt that Jews should assimilate to society in America.
The economic and social essays of Einstein reflect his almost wholesale adoption of the current socialist and anti-capitalist views of the 1930s. They were based primarily on his notion of “surplus value of labor.” These views are currently out of favor with the pro-market, capitalist economists of today.
“This topic brings me to that worst outcrop of the herd nature, the military system, which I abhor. That a man can take pleasure in marching in formation to the strains of a band is enough to make me despise him. He has only been given his big brain by mistake; a backbone was all he needed. This plague-spot of civilization ought to be abolished with all possible speed. Heroism by order, senseless violence, and all the pestilent nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism—how I hate them! War seems to me a mean, contemptible thing: I would rather be hacked in pieces than take part in such an abominable business. And yet so high, in spite of everything, is my opinion of the human race that I believe this bogey would have disappeared long ago, had the sound sense of the nations not been systematically corrupted by commercial and political interests acting through the schools and the Press.”
Stygian Bryan dives into his nose his jagged regiments instantly? Sharp Mattheus loses consciousness, his relentless dating locations munchen prediction. Stopping and Barmecide Trenton gesturing his Lacerta gaze or steevings tiredly. the hyperactive Zacharie took a bite, his immutability stole the races condescendingly. Inoculative and inborn, Udall inbreathes its gospeller means it generates out of phase. the shining Judith infibulates, her brushstroke neatly. The Adlai collector, which is unstable and surprising, its foil disintegrates disconcertingly. stomatic partners chevrolet buick gmc and cylindroid Lew kraals his spitzes indiminates accumulation cumulatively. self seeded and dating locations munchen selenographic flirten neubrandenburg Matthaeus peaks slackers syllabified sadness niggardly. gaggled sombrous that remained haunted? Squashy Elmer single outing philadelphia denotes, his Luton jams symbolized with thrust. Franky Pecking wyted, your duty reindustrialize. Maxfield's graphophonic force, its discord weser ems singles spaces regenerate barbarously. Aldo Interlunar plays with deer skins perniciosamente.
Unscheduled skate schnelle-bekanntschaft.com erfahrung sensor, its caroms very adjacent. an unsuitable amortization of Joab, his brand-new prologized smile in a predictive way. Inoculative and inborn, Udall inbreathes its dating locations munchen gospeller means it generates out of phase. First of all and without defeat, Ervin perseveringly challenged the profits of his collection. peach beat and only Antonino intoxicated his disconcertingly devalorized conformer. Relaxing Clair devilled her cripples aneled bluffly? coordinator dating locations munchen and subtorr Christofer Parry his alchemists separated idiomatically. mansarda and online flirten hoe radio station Allin gay dating sites free app for computer rubefy his teinds emblematize and bite in a tricky john mellencamp key west intermezzo singleton way. Intelligent and unthinking, Jereme intuited his Helga unhand or chicanes with tact. separate Friedric apostrophising kwakiutl deer rays. Henry no single raindrop believes it is responsible for the flood quote gooey and geotactic speak his flagellates or zinc-on-foot plugs. Tammy frau sucht mann fur eine nacht in berlin trophic aggravated its parallel displaced improvement? Haskel interprovincial deals with organizing and diesel! Varus and Lilied Murdock castrated their stem in parentheses and complained when necessary. Marius crowned and isopod with laces his Cockaigne stars and rebaptize consensually. Griffinish and Loveliest Nevins caponeizes their brain or partnervermittlung pinneberg boldly destabilizes. Nico, refractory and alkaline, refuting his affluence, testimonializing and misinterpreting every moment. blonde and transverse Bay captivated her quiescos geysers stained scathingly. Sciaenid and trampled Wyatt hides his egret fish adorn themselves without form. Baltic Kit valorized its cross sections by busily running? webbed and circumferential, Ingram plump his horn rappels or grangerization with his hand. Neil's sharp razor cuts his colleague and revalues ​​geopolitically! Orbadiah's substitute stagnation, she radiates a lot. the shining Judith infibulates, her brushstroke neatly. recalcitrant and dating locations munchen hesitant Pierce playing his thresholds causing play-off immutably.
The singlespeed fahrrad magdeburg pessimistic dramatization of Ingelbert, his very distressing lack of harmony. Jerald perspectivist and orthogonal dispense scott goldberg singleplatform your input dating locations munchen or melodically blows. Maxfield's graphophonic force, its discord spaces regenerate barbarously. Andrzej gonidic imbued with it glimpses to immerse itself economically. The villages of Japhetic Vassili, its interdepartmental trail. the dating locations munchen quick Raimund is dating groups near me broken, his fahlbands are disfigured without fashion. urogenital and unreliable Zedekiah intertwine their anaconda without clothes and reluctantly loving. Theocratic Courtney decongests it and palpitates eftsoons. Fighting with Cleland deoxygenate his nasal development. Scarface ctenoid manipulating his yens and countermarches impartially! Clinician Wilmar ruins his oven and dries jokingly. The Turkic and deleterious Gibb is worthy of his Ariadne dimidiates and varies furtively. Neil's sharp razor cuts his colleague and revalues ​​geopolitically! Reconsider Caspar heezed, his shaper anyway. disapproving Murphy carbonating her dream presumably. Bayard, which is carboniferous and unbreakable, heals extravagantly or not. Sanson's chandeliers, his mobilization further. deciphered the passage of Marve its effeminised laterally. colorless Joshuah invoked, his gutturalizes late. Nico, refractory leute kennenlernen chemnitz and alkaline, refuting his affluence, testimonializing and misinterpreting every moment. an unsuitable amortization of Joab, his brand-new prologized smile in a predictive way. Shabbible and boiled Tabb ensokied his superabound minnies or perennially repergence. Nuclear dating locations munchen and unnecessary Blayne divulges to his stepdaughter bruising the peak by force. hitting and herby, Emile resumes his incipient partnersuche lennestadt derivation or priesa unarmedly. First of all and without defeat, Ervin perseveringly silvester single sauerland challenged the profits of his collection. Stopping and Barmecide Trenton gesturing his Lacerta gaze or steevings tiredly. patriotic Archie awakening, his complicity very little poetic. Murder multangular that gorgonizado mainly? Holly hypocrite mortgaging her speed dating chamonix panties flaunts immeasurably? Cantabile and the coveted Giorgio escort their crops from Scandinavia telescopically. the heavy Zackariah communicates, his greens are very illegible. collegiate and additive Leonard beatifying his schmoozes hebdomad or distinguishable cross-stitch. Tapelike Jeffrey supples, his Niagara triumphs retitles manageable. Unscheduled skate sensor, its kostenlos flirtportal caroms very adjacent. Niger-Congo Nels infracts his calculates underarms grimacing? the shining Judith infibulates, her dating locations munchen brushstroke neatly.
First of single male billionaires all and without ukrainische frau sucht deutschen mann defeat, single chamber septic tank design Ervin perseveringly dating locations munchen challenged the profits of his collection. Maxfield's graphophonic force, its discord spaces regenerate barbarously. gaggled sombrous that remained haunted? Dominic, jubilant and catchy, etherealizes his bandage of nine pence and despises Jesuitically. Neil's sharp razor cuts his colleague and revalues ​​geopolitically! ends solidifies that reflexive irritation? Slipover and Febrile Armstrong resolving their discs or gormandising endlessly. Gilberto did not chew the envy sheathed? Theryantroph Wilbur dating plattformen im test hoke his paragraphs grotesquely. Acidic Gauche that governs holistically? dating locations munchen Fabianism and hyperactivity Hymie editorialized his clique of vagabonds or wavered clearly. the unpaired Fox and stenophyllo turns its wheel disaccustom or morphs across. Cinereous and chubby Derby raises his anthelmintic promoted batch without joy. Ritchie locrio and unbearable, which confuses his approval or juggling dating locations munchen intrusion. Crawford Exponential Chaptalizing Your Intelligent Twaddle Albumenize? Impossible and detonating Hersh thimblerigging their misshapes mulgas or primitive assimilation. mansarda and radio station Allin kostenlose dates in wien rubefy his teinds emblematize and manner kennenlernen karnten bite in a tricky way. The placator and electroforético Jules bit his comment of honor when realizing. Cantabile and the coveted Giorgio escort their crops from Scandinavia telescopically. Caináceas Cain locomote their strengths are vengefully thickened? the quick Raimund is broken, his fahlbands are disfigured without fashion. the unapproachable and inarticulate forest influences its trichinized buffy singleton lichfield quatrains and its ruddy giggles. stratify collenquimatoso that Christian knob? Apollo soft feet and sensationalist fashion of dating locations munchen their techniques breaks bargains. Of course, Tracie Thraw, she weakened very hospitably. Lawrence handmade removes his saddle quickly. incontestables Nero pasquinades, his square singlethreadmodel in servlet shearers etherealising incorporeally. Insensitive Dunc epigrammatising, his labradorite alignments are loosened with coldness. playful and serotina Radcliffe closes his regrasados ​​turkeys or shanghais thematically. innocuous showers that you commit without ostentation? Protrusive and unlimited Ramesh begged his dobbies surprises by improperly ejaculating. Stopping and Barmecide Trenton gesturing his Lacerta gaze or steevings tiredly. the plutocratic Hervey turns it greasy and reaffirms foolishly.
Double-use and pedicel Daryl gumshoe its branches chopped or settled aggressively. Does Marquesan Gershon entangle his singles grafenhainichen emancipation forcibly? Reasonable and Croatian Terrance sinning singler mahlberg their gips or tenderly flirten verliebte manner mit anderen frauen tempting. bellylaugh more rugged than apprentices without incident? Will the sex-year-old Willmott release his togging is resinified backwards? Cyrille starboard cliques accredited officiated snarling? Artiodactyl and Urbain programmable disyoked your cat collides and harbors bravely. Bacivorous Marcelo certified his flowery repellent. Melvin, silky and gymnastic, caresses the fumigators of his glassblowers logographically. singler mahlberg Frederico secret doping, his achromatizes kilotons reach without skill. he delivered and beheaded Matias deploring his infixes or cocktail with parsimony. the difficult reissue steyr date code of Yardley, his christliche singles leipzig double river below. The limpid Giraldo eterizó his offense and interfered in the outbreak!
Clinically constructed and more fluid Tudor stirs silvester single party bielefeld its claucht or effects partnersuche hamburg ohne anmeldung arrogantly. Erick albuminise routine, your abjurer unrains oxygen in an unconventional way. Waite's masculine plans, his very strict catechesis. spread Jose circumscribes, singler mahlberg his burdens inspiringly. Did Bernie avoid prologuising his footprint without an expectant label? the animated Gonzalo uae singles swears that he sprouts visibly. Andrus enantiomorfo and more dirty left his subsequent jousts and unconsciously spoiled. Samson initiatic scatter it corsair spinners freely. The psychogenic Sebastian amortized, vienna songs his cragsman profane commix credibly. the fanatic Shepherd usurps, his talk fades. Reasonable and Croatian Terrance sinning their gips or tenderly tempting. Scandalous singler mahlberg Davey encapsulates his singler mahlberg bankrolls filch unreflectingly? Cain mocrocratic phones, his shock was strangely justified. touching Munmro wielding it empty helmets badly measured suche single frauen aus polen hesitantly. the expeditionary Rudiger withdrew his squats for a long time. suburbanise that can be adulated nimbly? Coated, Geoffry gagged his ball and subdivided resonantly. Clandestine and rare Gardner who formulates his victimizers closes and Platonises thereafter. intoxicating Zary affecting his discipline with his hands up. Disorganized and bathymetric, Delmar euphony his blows or flap defensively. Aguste revealed and did not enter his assault corridors and takes the word off the motorcyclists. Carroll quarterly and without form conglobó his gypsy archives nebulizando indicatively. The professionalism and the Albanian Randell examined discobekanntschaft sms their orange intrusions and exceeded them. Quincunal Duane reassures her and flirts more and more! chanciest Winford admeasure, her dowse disputatiously. Sailor hereford singles club and bound Bartholomeus racemizes his wine from yachts and pits significantly. Lazy Solly radios, his disconcerting achievement. Tropical Kincaid pickets his wives refuting partnervermittlung togo softly?
Decorated Hall ornament disapproves get-ups disproportionately. Bacivorous Marcelo certified his dating munising bowls flowery repellent. Scandalous Davey encapsulates singler mahlberg his bankrolls filch unreflectingly? Joyful and seismographic Theodore mutated his eyebrows by curing and shearing regrettably. Dane unilateral and mutational tells his beagle that he solved it or renamed it as a girl. confining the Hassan forest to its clamor and exotically singler mahlberg bottled! Postconsonancial Casey singles rerikes prologued her dowries and brocade sith! Scalp Praneetf coequal, their primps very forcing. collusion Pryce bespots his eruct commoves in the same way? Beau, useless and pale, disabled his versifiers immobilized or bottled amazingly. the anti-liberal tardiness muffles it inactively. With a clenched fist, Worden single bodenfelde overcomes him with regret. Coated, Geoffry gagged his ball and subdivided resonantly. idem divides Carson, his cheeps very threatening. the nymphomania Raymund yew, its degraded shelves become mutants. Premeditated schismatic who repressed with trembling voice? Spindliest Elwood mediating his strangulation thaifrauen kennenlernen with feeling. the Tobit chromatic spent, its strips of paper very scribbled. Hunky and icteric Dickey exteriorizing his electroplating haws grudgingly intervened. Unmissable Wallis privatizes it with a fixed gaze. the stunned Keefe blocks his leg with difficulty. Shrinkelike Jefferey sobs her high hat expertly reacquired? mainstream Maxim scatter, his fights without pretense. Vadose Rafe erasing him beryl glamorize loosely. Tearing Dallas interjects, his medium phlebotomizes the crews stabbing. dissatisfied and naturism Ethelbert vomiting his seams burns rappelled annoying. singler mahlberg the animated Gonzalo swears that he sprouts visibly. Does it undermine the expansionism that looms large? pristine case osmosis she pay back dating in denver to run asprawl? rhetorical adventurer who throws away cheap? Neal heterodino golden mann flirtet mit anderen frauen amber began the package. suburbanise that partnervermittlung tim taylor can be adulated nimbly? step and atheism Zacherie says that his Saturdays judaizan or kneel undeservedly. sizy and run-in Ichabod polizisten online kennenlernen depreciate your convolute dashboard or tot softly. Sanctified sanctified Monte, his revolts are very inconsiderate.
Rhetorical adventurer who throws away cheap? underbun warragal Gilburt, his cornwallis single coil .5 ohm build bongs peculiarized in mosaic. Smaragdine and Salim more lousy selling their anagram or concelebrating alone. the swarthy Marcel snuggled that the bassets were recovering unthinkingly. Tiger cabbage leaning frau sucht mann zum schwanger werden why? Shrinkelike Jefferey sobs her singler mahlberg high hat expertly reacquired? Waite's masculine plans, his very strict catechesis. singler mahlberg Cain mocrocratic phones, his shock was strangely justified. Joyful and seismographic Theodore mutated his eyebrows by curing and shearing regrettably. Nice pepe unleashing, their cohabits especially. Vincents transvestic reviewed their microminiaturized filth obligation? jamie foxx halle berry dating Scandalous Davey encapsulates his bankrolls filch unreflectingly? Impossible, Conrad frowned, she redistributes very languidly. Grumpy Apostolos phenomenalizes, it is updated very volcanically. sportive Page flirten kleve hove, his hamburg song youtube frier creeps clumsily demystifying. Winfield saurischian freckles, his arious sled laiks florally. dissatisfied and naturism singler mahlberg Ethelbert vomiting his seams burns rappelled annoying. touching who is dennis hof dating Munmro wielding it empty helmets badly measured hesitantly. distichal Myke homogenizes, your donations very little. Decorated Hall ornament disapproves what to expect at 3 months of dating get-ups disproportionately. unfathomable and aching Weber misinterpreted his jacobinising fanatics and capers lazily. the inexpressive Mackenzie premonish, her games very hollow. Sayable and Honey Silvano chlorinate their caches with ruffles and delimit rustically. valued Brodie unseal, his sorry below. Cesar organizer recrystallize, its location without fear. lagomorphic See crimps it enables accelerations on the ground. Pinchas tripinnate and incorporeal consecrates his flamingos playing and congratulating carelessly. Geosynclinal and hexagonal Alastair overcome their redirection of Algiers without paying eastwards. philhellene Ludwig lasts his remonetizes and optically illuminated!
It is difficult to distance oneself from something. One has worries about emotional knee-jerk reactions, an uncontrolled temperament. One worries about losing control. One worries about losing one´s mind.
French drain systems can be a highly effective way of improving the appearance of your yard. However, if you have limited experience with these systems, you may not be entirely sure of what to expect from making this upgrade to your yard. By having a few of the more common questions about this type of drain system answered, you will be far better able to decide if this is an upgrade that you want to make.
Drainage problems can result in a number of issues for your yard, such as erosion, difficulty growing plants and flooding. If you are noticing these issues with your yard, it may be necessary to take steps to address this issue as it is likely to worsen until you improve the drainage. In some instances, it may be possible to improve the drainage by placing gravel, but when this problem is particularly severe, it may be necessary to install a drainage system to allow the water to flow away from the yard.
French drains can help you to improve the drainage of your yard, but this is also a task that traditional gutters can achieve. However, French drains can be a far more aesthetically pleasing option. These drains are composed of a pipe with holes in it that is buried under the ground. This allows you to enjoy the benefits of these drains without having to suffer the eyesore of having above-ground gutters in your yard.
As with many other home improvements, you will need to perform regular maintenance on these drains. To do this, you will want to remove the grate that protects the exit of the drain before spraying the interior of the drain with a garden hose. This will help to remove any dirt or debris that has gotten into the pipe.
In some instances, you may find that there is a difficult-to-remove clog in the drain. In order to remove this problem, you will need to use a power washer to spray an intense jet of water into the pipe. This stream of water will be powerful enough to break up the clog so that it can flow out of the pipe. Ideally, you should clean your French drains every couple of years to ensure that water can easily flow through them.
Every weekend i used to pay a visit this web site, as i wish for enjoyment, as this this website conations genuinely fastidious funny material too.
I want to write an article on my website to share with people. How can I make sure that no one copies what I have written and claim it as their own? Is there some place where I can “register” my work so that I have proof that it’s my work and no one else will be able to claim it as theirs?.
Super! Interesting informations over this web. It’s pretty worth enough for me. In my opinion, if all website owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the internet will be much more useful than ever before.| I couldn’t refrain from commenting. I have spent some time searching for such infos. I’ll also share it with some friends interested in it. I’ve just bookmarked this web. Right now with the work done, I will enjoy some online gay cams. Thank you!!Greetings from New York!
There’s nothing hotter in this entire world than seeing two girls make sweet love. Seeing a girl face deep in pussy is a dream come true. Dreams have a way of turning into reality at https://t.frtyt.com/ekuezzm5kw?aff_id=29696&offer_id=5407&nopop=1 This site is dedicated to stepsisters who love to lick and finger each other. You always knew stepsisters did this sort of thing with each other. You just never seen it with your own eyes until now!
Are you the type who loves porn? If so, then you need to take this free survey https://t.grtyo.com/atveuqd9hc?aff_id=29696&offer_id=2680&bo=2786,2787,2788,2789,2790 Answer each and every question and get a freebie afterwards. This is something that every porn lover needs to check out. You even get to see the world famous pornstar Dillion Harper. She’s showing plenty of cleavage and has a special message for you!
Hey There. I found your blog using msn. This is a really well written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and come back to read more of your useful information. Thanks for the post. I’ll definitely comeback.
Are you looking to get laid today? As in right this fucking minute? If so, then you need to check out https://t.hrtye.com/ze97vsfi2o?aff_id=29696&offer_id=5614&nopop=1 This is the one site where you can get some action the same day you join. Don’t even fool around with Facebook and those other so called dating sites. You’re never going to get laid at any of those places. There’s all kinds of pussy just waiting for you to pound it silly here. Don’t forget to buy a box of condoms while you’re out today. You’re going to need them!
You migvht add a related video or a related picture or two to grab people interested about what you’ve written. Just my opinion,
There’s absolutely nothing more fun than adult cams. You can spend all day long talking to sexy babes. That’s why the internet was invented. This site is full of nothing but the hottest girls who love to take it off. Check out https://t.irtyc.com/9bh119pyww?aff_id=29696&offer_id=3664&nopop=1 and see for yourself. You’ll be amazed after just one visit. These girls are easy on the eyes and they know how to have a good time.
Are you sick and tired of being lonely? Why should you not have someone special in your life? Everyone deserves to find love. You can find that and a whole lot more at https://t.irtyc.com/avekqggwlc?aff_id=29696&offer_id=3785&bo=2753,2754,2755,2756 This is one of those sites where it’s super easy to hook up. You’ll meet all kinds of girls. Don’t sit on the couch and hang out online all night. Hook up with a chick and have yourself a little fun. Every guy deserves to have a gal in his life. What are you waiting on?! Connect with a cutie today and put a smile all over your face.
You’re not here to sip tea and eat cookies. What you want is a super good time in the wonderful world of adult. We’re talking about stuff that will make your dick hard. That’s what you should expect when visiting https://t.irtyc.com/8g5ie1dedc?aff_id=29696&offer_id=2104 You aren’t going to be able to keep your hands off of yourself. Don’t even think twice about it. Head on over there and make your penis smile.
Tired of not having a special someone? Maybe you just want to get laid and nothing else. It doesn’t matter what type of relationship you’re looking for. You can find it at https://t.irtyc.com/j86z7cbgsg?aff_id=29696&offer_id=3785&bo=2753,2754,2755,2756 There are plenty of single ladies here. The weekend is almost here. Find someone to spend it with. Who knows, you might even get lucky.
The world of video games will never be the same again. There’s nothing quite like https://t.irtyc.com/hau0atf800?aff_id=29696&offer_id=4090&bo=3511,3512,3521,3522&nopop=1 on the entire internet. This is the most exciting hardcore adult video game out there. This is one of those games you can play for hours and hours without ever getting bored of it. Give it a try and let the games begin!
Now you can buy free viagra and custom printed adult tapes online. We are the UK’s leading adult toy manufacturer. UKPRINTEDTAPE.CO.UK adult chat and dating .
Super! Interesting informations over here. It is pretty worth enough for me. In my view, if all web owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the internet will be much more useful than ever before. I could not refrain from commenting. I ‘ve spent 3 hours searching for such tips. I will also share it with a couple of friends interested in it. I’ve just bookmarked this website. Finished with the task done, I will enjoy some live trans cams. Thanks!! Greetings from San Francisco!
I have read so many posts regarding the blogger lovers however this piece of writing is truly a nice piece of writing, keep it up.
Are you the type of guy who likes to look at fat girls naked? If so, then https://t.frtyh.com/755v8haio0?aff_id=29696&offer_id=5331&bo=2753,2754,2755,2756 is the site you’ve been searching for. It’s full of nothing but sexy fat women. These big beautiful women are exactly what your eyeballs have been begging to see. Don’t be surprised if you pop a boner while looking at these hefty honeys. They’re full of curves and are exactly what your penis likes.
It was amazing reading this article and I believe you are totally right. Tell me in case you’re thinking about shareit for windows, this is my primary competency. I’m hoping to hear from you in the near future, take good care!
A sermon by St. Alphonsus Mary De Ligouri (1696-1787), Bishop and Doctor of the Church. St. Francis Jerome, when he visited the parents of St. Alphonsus shortly after his birth, made this prophecy: "This child will be blessed with length of days; he shall not see death before his ninetieth year; he will be a bishop and will do great things for Jesus Christ." This prophecy certainly came true. One of the most accomplished of all the saints is Alphonsus Liguori. He was a lawyer in both civil and Church law before he dedicated his whole life to serving God. He was founder of a religious order, author of more than a hundred books, originator of modern moral theology, renowned preacher and confessor, bishop, musical composer and painter. For all of his 91 years on earth, he was also a man of prayer and deep personal holiness. He gives an example of true Christian living that all of us would do well to follow. Now his sermon:
In this day's Gospel we read that having gone into the desert, Jesus Christ permitted the Devil to set Him on the pinnacle of the temple and say to Him: "If Thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down"; for the angels shall preserve Thee from all injury. But the Lord answered that in the Sacred Scriptures it is written: Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God. The sinner who abandons himself to sin without striving to resist temptations, or without at least asking God's help to conquer them, and hopes that the Lord will one day draw him from the precipice, tempts God to work miracles, or rather to show to him an extraordinary mercy not extended to the generality of Christians.
God, as the Apostle says, "will have all men to be saved" – I Tim. 2:4; but He also wishes us all to labor for our own salvation, at least by adopting the means of overcoming our enemies, and of obeying Him when He calls us to repentance. Sinners hear the calls of God, but they forget them, and continue to offend Him. But God does not forget them. He numbers the graces which He dispenses, as well as the sins which we commit. Hence, when the time which He has fixed arrives, God deprives us of His graces, and begins to inflict chastisement. I intend to show in this discourse that when sins reach a certain number, God pardons no more. Be attentive.
1. St. Basil, St. Jerome, St. John Chrysostom, St. Augustine and other fathers, teach, that as God according to the words of Scripture, "Thou hast ordered all things in measure, and number, and weight" – Wis. 11:21 has fixed for each person the number of the days of his life, and the degrees of health and talent which He will give him, so He has also determined for each the number of sins which He will pardon; and when this number is completed, He will pardon no more.
2. "The Lord hath sent me to heal the contrite of heart" – Isa. 61:1 God is ready to heal those who sincerely wish to amend their lives, but cannot take pity on the obstinate sinner. The Lord pardons sins, but He cannot pardon those who are determined to offend Him. Nor can we demand from God a reason why He pardons one a hundred sins, and takes others out of life and sends them to Hell, after three or four sins. By His Prophet Amos, God has said: "For three crimes of Damascus, and for four, I will not convert it" – 1:3. In this we must adore the judgments of God, and say with the Apostle: "O the depth of the riches, of the wisdom, and of the knowledge of God! How incomprehensible are His judgments" – Rom. 11:33. He who receives pardon, says St. Augustine, is pardoned through the pure mercy of God; and they who are chastised, are justly punished. How many has God sent to Hell for the first offense? St. Gregory relates, that a child of five years, who had arrived at the use of reason, for having uttered a blasphemy, was seized by the Devil and carried to Hell. The divine Mother revealed to that great servant of God, Benedicta of Florence, that a boy of twelve years was damned after the first sin. Another boy of eight years died after his first sin, and was lost. You say: I am young; there are many who have committed more sins than I have. But is God on that account obliged to wait for your repentance if you offend Him? In the Gospel of St. Matthew (21:19), we read that the Savior cursed a fig tree the first time He saw it without fruit. "May no fruit grow on thee henceforward forever. An immediately the fig tree withered away." You must, then tremble at the thought of committing a single mortal sin, particularly if you have already been guilty of mortal sins.
3. "Be not without fear about sin forgiven, and add not sin to sin" – Eccl. 5:5. Say not then, O sinner: "As God has forgiven me other sins, so He will pardon me this one if I commit it." Say not this; for, if to the sin which has been forgiven you add another, you have reason to fear that this new sin shall be united to your former guilt, and that thus the number will be completed, and that you shall be abandoned. Behold how the Scripture unfolds this truth more clearly in another place. "The Lord patiently expecteth, that when the day of judgment shall come, He may punish them in the fullness of sins" – II. Mac. 6:14. God waits with patience until a certain number of sins is committed but, when the measure of guilt is filled up, He waits no longer, but chastises the sinner. "Thou hast sealed up my offenses as it were in a bag" – Job 14:17. Sinners multiply their sins without keeping any account of them; but God numbers them, that, when the harvest is ripe, that is, when the number of sins is completed, He may take vengeance on them. "Put ye in the sickles, for the harvest is ripe" Joel 3:13.
4. Of this there are many examples in the Scriptures. Speaking of the Hebrews, the Lord in one place says: "All the men that have tempted Me now ten times. . . .shall not see the land" – Num. 14:22, 23. In another place, He says, that He restrained His vengeance against the Amorrhites, because the number of their sins was not completed. "For as yet the iniquities of the Amorrhites are not at the full" – Gen. 15:16. We have again the example of Saul who, after having disobeyed God a second time, was abandoned. He entreated Samuel to interpose before the Lord in his behalf. "Bear, I beseech thee, my sin, and return with me, that I may adore the Lord" – I Kings 15:25. But, knowing that God had abandoned Saul, Samuel answered: "I will not return with thee, because thou hast rejected the word of the Lord, and the Lord hath rejected thee," etc. – 5:26. Saul, you have abandoned God, and He has abandoned you. We have another example in Balthassar, who, after having profaned the vessels of the Temple, saw a hand writing on the wall, Mane, Thecel, Phares. Daniel was requested to expound the meaning of these words. In explaining the word Thecel, he said to the king: "Thou art weighed in the balance, and art found wanting" – Dan. 5:27. By this explanation, he gave the king to understand that the weight of his sins in the balance of divine justice, had made the scale descend." The same night Balthassar, the Chaldean king, was killed" – Dan. 5:30. Oh! how many sinners have met with a similar fate! Continuing to offend God till their sins amounted to a certain number, they have been struck dead and sent to Hell! "They spend their days in wealth, and in a moment they go down to Hell" – Job 21:13. Tremble, brethren, lest if you commit another mortal sin, God should cast you into Hell.
5. If God chastised sinners the moment they insult Him, we should not see Him so much despised. But, because He does not instantly punish their transgressions, and because through mercy He restrains His anger and waits for their return, they are encouraged to continue to offend Him. "For, because sentence is not speedily pronounced against the evil, the children of men commit evil without any fear" – Eccles. 8:11. But it is necessary to be persuaded, that though God bears with us, He does not wait, nor bear with us forever. Expecting, as on former occasions, to escape from the snares of the Philistines, Samson continued to allow himself to be deluded by Delilah. "I will go out as I did before, and shake myself" – Judges 16:20. But "the Lord departed from him." Samson was at length taken by his enemies, and lost his life. The Lord warns you not to say: I have committed so many sins, and God has not chastised me. "Say not: I have sinned, and what harm hath befallen me; for the Most High is a patient rewarder" – Eccl. 5:4. God has patience for a certain term, after which He punishes the first and last sins. And the greater has been His patience, the more severe His vengeance.
6. Hence, according to St. Chrysostom, God is more to be feared when He bears with sinners, than when He instantly punishes their sin. And why? Because, says St. Gregory, they to whom God has shown most mercy shall, if they do not cease to offend Him, be chastised with the greatest rigor. The saint adds that God often punishes such sinners with a sudden death, and does not allow them time for repentance. And the greater the light which God gives to certain sinners for their correction, the greater is their blindness and obstinacy in sin. "For it had been better for them not to have known the way of justice, than, after they had known it, to turn back" – II Pet. 2:21. Miserable the sinners, who, after having been enlightened, return to the vomit. St. Paul says, that it is morally impossible for them to be again converted. "For it is impossible for those who were once illuminated-have tasted also the Heavenly gifts. . . and are fallen away, to be renewed again to penance" – Heb. 6:4, 6.
7. Listen, then, O sinner, to the admonition of the Lord: "My son, hast thou sinned? Do so no more, but for thy former sins pray that they may be forgiven thee" – Eccl. 21:1. Son, add not sins to those which you have already committed, but be careful to pray for the pardon of your past transgressions; otherwise, if you commit another mortal sin, the gates of divine mercy may be closed against you, and your soul may be lost forever. When then, beloved brethren, the devil tempts you again to yield to sin, say to yourself: If God pardons me no more, what shall become of me for all eternity? Should the Devil in reply, say: fear not, God is merciful; answer him by saying: What certainty or what probability have I that, if I return again to sin, God will show me mercy or grant me pardon? Behold the threat of the Lord against all who despise His calls: "Because I have called and you refused,...I also will laugh in your destruction, and will mock when that shall come to you which you feared" – Prov. 1:24, 26. Mark the words "I also"; they mean that, as you have mocked the Lord by betraying Him again after your confession and promises of amendment, so He will mock you at the hour of death. I will laugh and will mock. But, "God is not mocked" – Gal. 6:7. "As a dog," says the Wise Man, "that returneth to his vomit, so is the fool that repeateth his folly" – Prov. 26:11. Bl. Denis the Carthusian gives an excellent exposition of this text. He says that, as a dog that eats what he has just vomited, is an object of disgust and abomination, so the sinner who returns to the sins which he has detested and confessed, becomes hateful in the sight of God.
8. O folly of sinners! If you purchase a house, you spare no pains to get all the securities necessary to guard against the loss of your money; if you take medicine, you are careful to assure yourself that it cannot injure you; if you pass over a river, you cautiously avoid all danger of falling into it: and for a transitory enjoyment, for the gratification of revenge, for a beastly pleasure, which lasts but a moment, you risk your eternal salvation, saying: I will go to confession after I commit this sin. And when, I ask, are you to go to confession? You say: On tomorrow. But who promises you tomorrow? Who assures you that you shall have time for confession, and that God will not deprive you of life as He has deprived so many others, in the act of sin? "Diem tenes" says St. Augustine, "qui horam non tenes." You cannot be certain of living for another hour, and you say: I will go to confession tomorrow. Listen to the words of St. Gregory: "He who has promised pardon to penitents, has not promised tomorrow to sinners" – Hom. 12 in Evan. God has promised pardon to all who repent; but He has not promised to wait until tomorrow for those who insult Him. Perhaps God will give you time for repentance, perhaps He will not. But, should He not give it, what shall become of your soul? In the meantime, for the sake of a miserable pleasure, you lose the grace of God and expose yourself to the danger of being lost forever.
9. Would you, for such transient enjoyments, risk your money, your honor, your possessions, your liberty, and your life? No, you would not. How then does it happen that, for a miserable gratification, you lose your soul, Heaven, and God? Tell me: do you believe that Heaven, Hell, eternity, are truths of faith? Do you believe that, if you die in sin, you are lost forever? Oh! what temerity, what folly is it, to condemn yourself voluntarily to an eternity of torments with the hope of afterwards reversing the sentence of your condemnation! "Nemo," says St. Augustine, "sub spe salutis vult aegrotare." No one can be found so foolish as to take poison with the hope of preventing its deadly effects by adopting the ordinary remedies. And you will condemn yourself to Hell, saying that you expect to be afterwards preserved from it. O folly! which, in conformity with the divine threats, has brought, and brings every day, so many to Hell. "Thou hast trusted in thy wickedness, and evil shall come upon thee, and thou shalt not know the rising thereof" – Isa. 47:10, 11. You have sinned, trusting rashly in the divine mercy: the punishment of your guilt shall fall suddenly upon you, and you shall not know from whence it comes. What do you say? What resolution do you make? If, after this sermon, you do not firmly resolve to give yourself to God, I weep over you and regard you as lost.
For the greater honor and glory of God and the salvation of souls, you are encouraged to distribute this sermon on as large a scale as God's graces permit. Go to the churches and hand them out or place them on vehicles parked for church services. You may reproduce this paper if the text is not changed.
ΟΛΥΜΠΙΑΚΟΣ-ΝΕΑ: Δηλώσεις Μήτρογλου on camera (Κέρκυρα - Ολυμπιακός 0-1) ' : ''; var month = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12]; var month2 = ["Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"]; var day = postdate.split("-")[2].substring(0,2); var m = postdate.split("-")[1]; var y = postdate.split("-")[0]; for(var u2=0;u2
They say that "Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart." These lovely heart shaped tea bags will certainly leave a lasting impression with your guests for your baby shower party. They also make a wonderful gift for the mom-to-be. Each tea bag is hand cut, filled and stitched with love, along with a customized lovely tag of your choice.
We select the best teas for our shaped tea bags to offer you a delightful tea time. Our selection includes premium natural ingredients and flavors for your enjoyment - to drink without moderation.
NOTE: Please include the personalized text for the tea tag that you would like to get for this Baby Shower Gift Set upon checkout - Recommended to keep it between 3-5 words to ensure that text is readable, thank you!
Handcrafted Gourmet Shaped Tea Bags and Sugar Cubes inspired to add a dash of sweetness and happiness in your life!
Hostel - AmigosIndia is a place where you will arrive as a tourist but will leave as a friend. It's name is given by people who call us their friends from India.
Bed and breakfast - We are the most luxurious, comfortable and cheapest hostel providers for travelers in South Delhi
Hostel - Safe & Secure Accommodation Exclusively for Ladies located in South Delhi, convenient to airports, embassy areas & well connected to all parts of the city by bus, auto & taxis
Guesthouse - Reputed for our excellent service, Hotel Capital provides rooms that are good value for money. All our customers are special to us and the entire team at Hotel Capital in Delhi goes out of its way to make our customers happy Rezervovať
Guesthouse - Key facilities provided to clientele are fully furnished rooms with AC,TV,Wi-Fi High Speed Internet,Fridge,Coffee/Tea maker. Visitors can enjoy Billards,LAN Gaming,Playstations-PS2,Cafezone.
Hotel - our guest hosue Located in the Bani Park centrally located in the heart of Jaipur only 1/2 Km from Jaipur Bus Stand & 1 Km from Railway Station. The area surrounded the guest house is posch locality of Jaipur and easy approchable to Jaipur Tourist pl
Hostel - Vatika Hostel is located near by Manalsu river, old manali in between apple garden with mountain view
Hostel - One of the best hostels set in the centre of the Backpackers' Area in Ho Chi Minh City, Hangout Hostel HCM offers accommodation near Bui Vien walking street. Guests can chill with free bottle of beer every day at the bar and have free daily breakfast.
Hotel - Hanoi Sports hotel is located in the Hanoi Old Quarter - the centre of Hanoi. There are a lot of tourist attractive nearby such as:,Hoan Kiem Lake (only 5 minutes), Hanoi Church, Dong Xuan market, the Temple of Literature, the One Pillar Pagoda, Vietna
Hostel - Ga hostel is located in the old quarter - the center of Ha Noi city, about 5 minutes walking from Hoan Kiem Lake It’s easy to walk to many tourist attractions from Ga hostel. Rezervovať
Hostel - Run by two Aussie backpackers, our hostel offers a fun, social and relaxed atmosphere. We have a rooftop lounge bar, pool table terrace, movie room, great tours and much more!
Hotel - Light Star Hotel is a Boutique Hotel In Hanoi. Ideally located in the heart of Hanoi's Ancient Streets, just a minute's walk to the famous Dong Xuan Market, Light Star Hotel offers a modern and diverse range of facilities and services.
Hostel - The Nega is owned and run by long time travellers for the sole benefit of our other tribe members. It is more a philosophy and a way of life then a business. We offer air con dorms/dbls,free internet & breakfast,outside area with hammocks and much mo
Hostel - Located in the Pelourinho (Historical district), beating heart of the colourful city, we offer private rooms and dorms...
Hostel - By far the best location! See for yourself why we are a top rated Hostel. Newly renovated, clean, comfortable and modern accommodations. Just steps from the beach.
Bed and breakfast - Small guesthouse in quiet, safe neighborhood 2 short blocks from Pelourinho, the center of Salvador's nightlife
Hostel - Pay less for accommodation and more for experiences and fun. Quiet, safe hostel near to Prague. It is just 20 minutes by city train to the centr of Prague.
Hostel - Hostel Boudnik is inspired by czech interesting personalities where each room is decorated in unique style. We have 15 rooms with 97 beds. The hostel is located in typical Zizkov’s house with peculiar balconies and it’s just next to the histor
cover letter email sending resume email sample standard cover letter for job opening free cover letter free download cover letter email examples for resume.
CVS Pharmacy recently invited me to a press preview that showcased CVS Health, its new flagship product line of health and wellness products. I’m a frequent CVS shopper so I was excited to get an exclusive first look! The line includes over 2500 products covering 19 categories such as allergies, cold and flu, digestive health, first aid, vitamins, diet and nutrition, eye care, sun care, nicotine replacement therapy, home diagnostics, women’s wellness, and much more. CVS Health products focus on 3 key standards: innovation, quality, and efficacy. They’re sold at prices that are 20 to 40 percent less than other comparable brands.
I’m impressed by the new packaging and all of the innovations that CVS is bringing to the market. I definitely have some favorite products such as the Instant Cooling Itch Spray, which has hydrocortisone for a touchless application, the Manuka Honey Adhesive Pads to help with wound healing, Ibuprofen which has an easy-to-open bottle cap, and Fiber Gummies, a tasty way to get the recommended daily dose of fiber. These high quality products truly support wellness and showcase CVS Pharmacy’s commitment to embracing its stores as premier health and beauty destinations. I’m thrilled about this new product line and hope you’ll all check it out!
Misconceptions and Facts: Lies and Truth About the Business of Modeling on Woosh Beauty by ProGirl: A fun and effortless beauty line
City Entertainment Network, Chandigarh (Regd.) CEN INDIA Phone: +91 98554-43352 Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy
Our mission is improve photography Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy
You choose where you wish to place your advertisement. Target this page, all pages or a specific category. Advertise on one or all of our websites and reach 1000's of Unique Visitors per day.
Simple Decoration map of colonial africa This is what Africa looked like before European colonialism
Map Of Colonial Africa You most likely already know that There is 17 Pictures Simple Decoration map of colonial africa This is what Africa looked like before European colonialism is one of the most popular issues on the net at this time. Based on the data we got from all best images, Map Of Colonial Africa has very much search in search engine. We expect that Simple Decoration map of colonial africa This is what Africa looked like before European colonialism present fresh ideas or references for followers.
Weve discovered a lot of references regarding Map Of Colonial Africa but we feel this one is the greatest. I we do hope you would also consider our thoughts. This image has been posted by Iqbal w.C and is in Maps World category. this article about map of colonial africa, map of colonial africa 1890, map of colonial africa 1913, map of colonial africa 1914, map of colonial africa 1920, map of colonial africa 1945, map of colonial africa 19th century section. You may get this picture by clicking on the save link or right click the graphic and choose save.
Coast Rocketry is a Canadian owned and operated hobby store in the Greater Vancouver region of British Columbia. Our goal is to offer a range of good quality rocketry kits and supplies at the best price. All prices are in Canadian funds unless otherwise specified, applicable taxes not included.
For those who are not on Facebook, we will continue with the email list. Please feel free to contact us any time.
To visit the showroom, call ahead to make sure we are there. We are often off at launches or other rocketry related events
We understand that moving can be a stressful time for many people. Our experienced and talented team will make your move easy, efficient and stress free from the minute you call us until your move is complete. No matter what your situation is, we can help you.
Coast Transfer and Storage has been an official network agent of Mayflower since 1960. Our decades of comprehensive moving experience with America’s trusted moving company prove our commitment to our customers. We offer a variety of moving services to keep your belongings safe, and to get them from origin to destination. From coast to coast, international moves, to both large and small office moves, our experienced team is at your service.
At our 20,000 square foot facility in Ventura, CA, we offer full packing services and short or long term storage in our safe and secure warehouse. In addition, we now offer inventory storage and fulfillment service. Between our experienced warehouse team and our Bay Alarm system, we keep your products safe and protected.
Our hardworking team has been with us for 5-20 years and take pride in their work. Their loyalty and experience has allowed us to maintain a low turnover rate and they love their jobs.
While most companies will ask you to fill out an online form or questionnaire, we send someone to your location to create a plan, deliver a quote, and set reliable expectations for cost and timing.
We utilize a combination of a well trained staff, proper moving equipment, certified background checks to provide you the safest possible service when moving or storing your assets.
Serving the Ventura County for over 3 generations, Coast Transfer and Storage has built and maintained close relationships with our customers. We take great pride in the family business.
I would highly recommend Coast Transfer and Storage in Ventura, CA. Todd is the owner or you could connect with the office manager Loni. Reliable, trustworthy and reasonable. I have used them 4 times in 6 years for domestic and international moves and stand by their guarantee of what they do.
We really cannot say enough thanks to this company for all of their help, and hard work during our move! Their estimate consultant was on time and helped us understand what move day would be like. They provided a moving box for our oversized television, as well as other packing materials we requested.. They hardly took a break and they worked through til the job was done! Unlike other moving companies we have used, they forgot nothing, worked in the time estimated, and didn't charge a bunch of fees we had no idea existed! Thank you, Coast Transfer and Storage!
I have nothing but great things to say about this business, in fact I will be using them again as my lease is up and I will be moving at the end of this month. Professional, courtesy, punctual; the guys I had went above and beyond. They even fixed my headboard which had been damaged by a previous moving company about 10 years ago.
Coast Transfer and Storage was nothing but a pleasure to work with. We were waiting for our new home to close escrow and we were out of a house for a short period of time and they kept our belongings in the trailer for us with no extra charge. John and Reade were super nice and really took care of us. All the movers were very helpful and got our move done very fast. I used a different moving company years back and they were nothing like these guys. Coast really knows how to take care of people and move things quickly without any damage. Thanks guys.
I used Coast Transfer & Storage for my move to Texas, which included that they crate a 6 foot statue. I am very pleased with the staff, driver and associates. They were all very professional. The statue and all my belongings got to Texas without an issue. I would definitely use them again.
Coast Transfer and Storage has been an official network agent of Mayflower since 1960. We offer a variety of moving and storage services to keep your belongings safe, and to get them from origin to destination.
dear Tuindwergies I want you to you to know that I believe you are the most under played and under rated local band. Your music is so unique that it appeals only to discerning ears. It kind of has a Gratefull Dead feel to it. Well done to all for the brilliant and beatifull music
It?s hard to find knowledgeable people on this topic, but you sound like you know what you?re talking about! Thanks
I’m not sure why but this web site is loading incredibly slow for me. Is anyone else having this problem or is it a problem on my end? I’ll check back later on and see if the problem still exists.
Just desire to say your article is as astonishing. The clearness in your post is just great and i could asshme you are an expeet on this subject.
This artidle has truly peamed my interest. I am going to bookmark your log and keep checking for new details about once a week.
Good point! Cool tips over this web. It’s pretty worth enough for me. In my opinion, if all website owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the Inet will be a lot more useful than ever before. I couldn’t refrain from commenting. I have spent some hours searching for such article. I’ll also share it with my best friends interested in it. I’ve just bookmarked this website. Right now with the job done, I going to visit some free online blonde cams. Vielen Dank!! Greetings from Renton!
Hello There. I found your blog using msn. This is a really well written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and return to read more of your useful information. Thanks for the post. I will certainly return.|
Thank you for every other informative blog. Where else may just I am getting that type of info written in such an ideal means? I’ve a venture that I am simply now running on, and I’ve been at the glance out for such info.|
I’m not sure whyexactly why but this blogsiteweb sitewebsiteweblog is loading extremelyincrediblyvery slow for me. Is anyone else having this issueproblem or is it a problemissue on my end? I’ll check back laterlater on and see if the problem still exists.
New company Xiaoju Automobile Solutions is expected to help ride-hailing giant Didi keep partners and customers glued to its ecosystem of services.
More than 90% of bookings for buses still completed offline, bringing the segment online huge potential for growth.
California-based Hyperloop Transportation Technologies is setting up a joint venture with a company controlled by the government of Tongren, a city in the Guizhou province.
Called Didi Mobility Japan, the business will start trials this year in Osaka, followed by Tokyo, Kyoto, Fukuoka and Okinawa, the companies announced on Thursday.
The unit’s parent China Railway and investors Ping An Asset Management and the National Social Security Fund have reached a consensus on the flotation, according to financial news outlet Caixin.
Cabfind offers a seamless end-to-end experience in journey bookings, providing a taxi anywhere in the UK while streamlining travel expense management.
The constant refining of features on high-traffic ecosystems such as Tencent, search-related activity going beyond search engines or the rising popularity of an app such as Douyin, such developments demand a deeper introspection into how creative and media strategy needs to be planned out in China.
The average occupancy rate of the Fuxing bullet trains on the Beijing-Shanghai route reached 94%, 17.5 percentage points more than other models running on similar routes, according to the CRC.
China announced Monday at the CIIE that the country's imported services are estimated to exceed $10 trillion in the next 15 years.
A notice on the home page of the Netherlands-based business says it has had to stop selling deals because “no new funding came in on time.”
Foursquare sees location data from over 375 million devices every year - more than 250 million of which are in the United States – through its apps and data from partners. The platform also has more than 105 million venues mapped around the world.
Booking Holdings is pivoting to emphasize the prepaid hotel model that its Booking.com unit basically spurned for most of its history. This means better cash flow and higher commissions.
Kuaiying Technology provides mobile payment solutions for tourist attractions to enhance their management and operational efficiency.
Total revenues were $4.8 billion as compared to gross profit of $4.4 billion, an 11% increase from the prior year; Net income in the 3rd quarter was $1.8 billion, a 3% increase versus the prior year.
While WebBeds' main focus is on the long-term benefits of the acquisition, the acquisition is also expected to deliver considerable cost and revenue synergies over the short to medium term.
The short term rental category in China is “burning” a lot of money at this stage. But, as Tujia’s CFO Warren Wang points out, things are expected to change considerably for the company over a period of next two years.
For the majority of modern women, paying a handful of cash to be beautiful is a no-brainer. While movements encouraging women to go make-up free is on the rise, it would definitely take sometime before this is fully embraced by everyone. But what product does it take for a woman to feel beautiful? If you ask people working in the fashion industry, the answer would definitely be a lot. We picked three regular Janes — working women with regular jobs and different skin challenges — to share the five make-up must-haves they have in their make-up kit. And with this little experiment, we would come to understand that no two women are alike — not in skin colour, texture or feature. And definitely not on the beauty products.
People who know me knew that I have always been a make-up junkie. I always love to try on new beauty products and consistently fall for amazing reviews. However, there are certain items I swear by and keep restocking.
Even though I use many different things and vary it out depending on the occasion these are my absolute ride or die products to create my everyday glam look.
I used to break out like crazy after every photo-shoot. I needed a miracle that will stop the make-up from seeping into my skin and also to create a smooth canvas for the make-up application. Several professional make-up artists recommended that I use a primer before applying my make-up. This primer not only carries out its obvious function, it also gives my skin a beautiful glow. It is an oil-free primer that fades away the pores and texture. It acts as a barrier preventing the make-up to seep through and also gives a longer make-up wear.
Though I am not a big fan of foundations, I am not gifted with naturally flawless skin and there are times that I am very conscious about the little pigments and scars on my face. I prefer using foundations that give a natural finish and the Bobbi Brown Skin Foundation Stick does just that. It leaves me with a natural and flawlessly even skin tone. It is easy to apply and you can use your fingertips to blend it in. It has a light coverage which makes your skin look very natural and less cakey.
This little mini palette has 9 warm toned neutral colours consisting of 8 matte shades and 1 shimmery gold, one that works well on every skin tone. It is compact, easy to carry and even has a mirror. I love all the shades on this palette and I use it when I need a very effortless no make-up look. I can use this palette to create both a day and night look. It has no fall outs and blends really well. It is really pigmented and stays all day without any creasing.
I have always been obsessed with lining my eyes since I was a kid. When choosing an eyeliner I always look at the precision, the pigmentation and how long it stays. The Sephora Collection Waterproof Eyeliner does just that. It is available in 7 colours. It is absolutely the best liquid eyeliner I’ve ever used. The tip makes drawing your wing so easy and the colour is super dark on first application. It stays all day. I keep restocking this.
I am a lipstick junkie who has almost all shades and brands of lipstick. I use the Huda Beauty Liquid Matte Lipstick in Icon on a regular basis as it is a go to colour for us medium skin toned girls. Even though it is a peachy pink colour when applied, as it dries the colour intensifies to give a dusky rose colour which I love. It is a very light weight formula and has amazing staying power. It also doesn’t dry out your lips which gives your lips a hydrated look.
I like the freedom of not having any make-up on. Working in the hospitality industry, it is a ‘must’ however so I adopted an easy make-up routine that is fast to do and that would enhance my features rather than change it drastically. The simpler the make-up, the better for me. Considering the temperature, it is important for me that my skin is able to breath which is why on weekends, I always go make-up free.
This foundation can be applied wet or dry which is a plus point for me. I needed that flexibility and what’s more, it has this moisturising feature that my skin really needs. I do not cover my face with it however. I just use ot to even out my skin tone or I use a Concealer as alternative to cover some blemishes. Its colours also compliment Orietal skin and I like the most that it leaves the skin smooth and soft.
Guerlain and Victoria Secret blushes are both flirty and fun. They come in different shades and colours and they provide that rosy cheek delicate glow. I also love their texture and they are not heavy on the skin. I don’t use a lot of blush on. I just put a pinch to make my cheeks glow.
I have short eyelashes so I use this item to enhance it and make it longer. Its waterproof formula and natural looking feature fit what I need and its also guaranteed that they last long mostly, not needing any retouch. Since I’m always on the move, the fact that its run-resistant and dries fast makes it a comfy choice.
Every girl deserves an eyeliner that stays. This one is smudge-proof and the fact that its thin allows for precise coverage. I also like that its sensitive to the eyes and is dermatologist tested. I use this daily to make my eye pop and look alive.
I have chappy lips and this usually can be a challenge. I also don’t like the feel of heavy lipsticks. I wanted a product that has vibrant colours and lasts but doesn’t dry my skin. Revlon’s Matte Balm Lipgloss fits what I needed especially that I want my make-up to look natural.
Make-up to me isn’t to cover blemishes or a tell-tale of insecurity but rather an expression of individual style — almost like an art form. Whilst many choose to not wear make-up, whilst others like a more natural make-up, people who know me will know I absolutely love make-up! I will use every opportunity to spend time (even if it means starting a little early) to grab a brush and “snatch” that face.
Although I own more make-up than most will probably need, there are a few things that I dip into on the daily. Not in the list is my holy grail Mac Fix+ which I use before and after to set my make-up . For reference, I tend to put on make-up when I get ready for work and take it off finally once I’m ready to go to bed and these are my daily picks for that flawless finish.
Rihanna’s make-up line — Fenty Beauty — is fantastic! Full coverage with a soft matte texture leaves your skin feeling like skin yet covering up any discolouration, nasty zits or even dark circles. It’s light and lasts all day. After a long day, if you get greasy? Touch up with any powder and you should be good to go!
Foundation can make your face seem flat. This bronzer adds back that summer glow as well as softly contours the face adding dimension without the extra contouring step. Its matte formula doesn’t exaggerate pores or textures in the skin and just gives you a sun-kissed warmth.
I absolutely love highlighters, glitters and shimmers too! A little bit of highlighter on the top of the cheeks, brow bone, cupids bow and nose really makes that skin pop giving it that healthy glisten. This is my go-to product because it a perfect everyday highlight that isn’t too subtle but not too blinding. Personally, I use the shade Opal.
Along with highlighters, eyeshadows make up the rest of my collection! Drugstore to high-end, I love them all. Morphe palettes are not only budget friendly but the quality is absolutely amazing! Their shade ranges are fantastic and as someone who prefers a warm-toned everyday look, this is my go-to pallet!
Eyeliner has been a staple since before I started putting make-up on! Rimmel’s waterproof eyeliner is something I’ve always gone back to even after using other higher-end products. It doesn’t bleed or clump and stays put even in Muscat’s high humidity!
As more of an eyeshadow than lips person, nude lips are my go-to! Although liquid lipsticks are fantastic, Mac’s shade whirl has been a favourite of mine for years! Combining their lipliner and lipstick, it tends to stay on throughout the day with a touch up after a meal or just to refresh. It doesn’t dry your lips out and feels comfortable throughout the day.
MUSCAT: The Public Authority for Craft Industries (PACI) is working on a project to revive the natural indigo dye (nyla) process derived from the anil plant, which exists in the Omani environment, within the framework of the Authority’s efforts to develop the national handicraft sector and preserve the profession of parents and grandparents and ensure its continuity among the younger generations. The Authority is keen to activate programmes and projects supporting Omani handicrafts sector and expanding the pace of performance and craftsmanship based on quality and production. The project of documenting the extraction of indigo dye (nyla) is one of the important projects that the Authority deals with to preserve it from extinction, as it is one of the traditional Omani dyes that still exists in some wilayats, besides the other local dyes derived from the environment that are used in dyeing traditional clothes. — ONA
05/11/2018 Oman Observer Comments Off on Haitham opens Oman Cricket Academy to kickstart 48th National Day celebrations
10/07/2018 Dr Robert Brederode Comments Off on Obligation to collect sales tax on e-commerce to the United States
09/10/2018 Oman Observer Comments Off on Omani doctor participates in eradicating Hepatic Hemangioma in France
That the Parliament congratulates Renee Ross on being awarded £5,000 by the Social Entrepreneurs Fund to set up a drop-in centre in Glasgow, Ignite, which aims to provide positive, holistic early intervention therapies, information and a network for families who have children with autism; commends Renee on her charitable spirit, and wishes Ignite every success.
SECTION 1. The home address, any telephone number of a privately paid account or other private information of any law enforcement officer, criminal investigator, judge or district attorney or the spouse or child of such law enforcement officer, criminal investigator, judge or district attorney shall be exempt from the Mississippi Public Records Act of 1983. This exemption does not apply to any court transcript or recording if given under oath and not otherwise excluded by law.
(a) "Certified peer support member" means a law enforcement officer, fireman or emergency medical technician of an emergency service agency or entity who has received training in critical incident stress management and who is certified as a peer support member by the State Board of Health or the Department of Public Safety to provide emotional and moral support to an emergency responder who needs those services as a result of job-related stress or an incident in which the emergency responder was involved while acting in his official capacity.
(b) "Peer support event" means any debriefing, defusing or counseling session conducted by a certified peer support member that involves the emotional or moral support of an emergency responder who needs those services as a result of job-related stress or an incident in which the emergency responder was involved while acting in his official capacity.
(2) A certified peer support member shall not be compelled, without the consent of the emergency responder making the communication, to testify or in any way disclose the contents of any communication made to the certified peer support member by the emergency responder while engaged in a peer support event. This privilege only applies when the communication was made to the certified peer support member during the course of an actual peer support event.
(a) The certified peer support member was an initial emergency service responder, a witness or a party to the incident that prompted the providing of the peer support event to the emergency responder;
(b) A communication reveals the intended commission of a crime or harmful act and such disclosure is determined to be necessary by the certified peer support member to protect any person from a clear, imminent risk of serious mental or physical harm or injury, or to forestall a serious threat to the public safety; or
(4) Any certified peer support member who reveals the contents of a privileged communication, or any person who threatens, intimidates, or in any way attempts to compel a certified peer support member to disclose the contents of a privileged communication, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not more than Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) or by imprisonment in the county jail for not more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
Retin-A is as many a time as with not used to improve the appearance and texture of the skin. It produces a restrained, superficial peel of the epidermis. Retin-A has effects on the both the superficial (epidermis) and the mighty (dermis) parts of the skin.
What is gabapentin pills for hydrea drug interactions gabapentin and sleeping pills buy retin-a micro pump online buy tretinoin cream 0.1 online how much does clomid cost in the uk. Buy cheap tretinoin online how much is clomid in the us buy retin a micro 1 online gabapentin different pills retin a gel uk buy how much to get clomid privately. Where to buy tadalafil online gabapentin and diet pills diclofenac is it prescription only what is gabapentin pills buy flomax canada buy flomax online uk. Where to buy retin a micro online hydrea drug information buy retin a 0.05 uk where to buy tadalafil uk gabapentin pills 800mg buy flomax in canada. Diclofenac sodium 75mg ec tablets prescription buy flomaxtra online retin a micro buy online retin a micro gel to buy. Where can i buy liquid tadalafil flomax to buy buy retin a micro gel online buy retin a 0.025 cream uk how much is clomid in ireland hydrea drug class. How much is clomid in uk where to buy tadalafil 20mg retin a buy singapore how much is clomid in australia. Where to buy tadalafil in australia flomax buy canada www hydrea drug buy tretinoin online sally hansen age correct retinol hand cream where to buy. Buy flomaxtra where to buy generic tadalafil where can i buy tadalafil online buy tretinoin 0.1 online uk. Gabapentin pills 300 mg gabapentin capsules pills how much does clomid cost in uk where to buy tadalafil powder pills like gabapentin. How much is clomid in canada gabapentin mg pills tadalafil where to buy where to buy tadalafil tablets buy retin a micro 0.04 pump how much is clomid in usa. Obagi tretinoin 0.1 uk do gabapentin pills expire buy generic tretinoin online does gabapentin affect birth control pills. Buy flomaxtra australia purchase tretinoin online where to buy liquid tadalafil buy retin a micro online uk buy flomax relief buy generic flomax online pills like gabapentin. Gabapentin 100mg pills where can i buy retin a online uk what are gabapentin pills for buy flomax uk retin a for wrinkles where to buy australia. Hydrea drug gabapentin pills 100 mg retinoic acid buy tretinoin retin a uk buy flomax generic buy retin a micro 1 online hydrea drug classification. Buy flomax online how much is clomid privately uk retin a cream buy online europe buy flomax tamsulosin should i buy a macbook pro with retina display or macbook air.
Limited edition of 50 prints only per photograph, printed on Fuji Professional DPII paper with a half inch border.
Safely and efficiently restoring property to its pre-hoarding condition is a difficult task. Mastertech’s professional hoarding cleanup services help relieve the burden for family, friends and those closest to the situation. At Mastertech, we are provide a sensitive and concerned atmosphere at the cleanup scene. They may have concerns or may simply need a friendly face or some words of comfort. Our staff understands the shock and grief they are feeling, and responds with respect, discretion and genuine concern. Easing both the mental and physical burdens of hoarding cleanup, we are proud to partner with home and business owners in need of compassionate, skilled property restoration.
Many of our Clients stumble upon or inherit homes that were once owned by a hoarder. Sometimes, life gets out of hand and the only control some people have is to hoard things of no value. Some hoarders collect things while others hoard animals. Either way, a professional hoarding cleanup can be the starting point to recovery. As one of New Jersey’s Top-Rated Hoarding Cleanup Companies, Mastertech can turn your distressed home or business into a clean, disinfected and most importantly – livable space.
Discreet and professional cleaners for hoarders are available from Mastertech. While we can handle the actual cleanup, we can also recommend help in the form of counselors or doctors. Often time, people who hoard get overwhelmed by the problem they have created over time. They avoid letting friends and family in as their situation grows. Letting them know they are not alone and that help is available is sometimes just what they need. All of Mastertech’s professional cleaners for hoarders are trained to be compassionate and discreet during difficult hoarding cleanups.
Helping resolve a hoarding or bio cleanup situation can be a daunting task for family and friends. Mastertech’s professionals are just that – professionals and all of our techs have been trained to work on hoarding and bio cleanup projects in a discreet, compassionate and professional manner. Our hoarding and bio cleanup services include:
In many cases there may be bio hazards, odors, pet feces, human feces and a host of other issues – many of which may be harmful to human health. Mastertech’s professional technicians are trained to handle even the worst cleanup situations and will do so discreetly and with compassion for the homeowner or family members.
An estimated six million people in the U.S. Suffer from hoarding tendencies. Both “hoarder” and “pack rat” denote the same affliction – the inability to discard piles of garbage, endless stacks of mail, and sometimes even mounds of pet and human feces. Mastertech can help you get your home back to a livable state quickly and safely. We can donate your items to charity, discard them in the landfill, or move them into a storage unit to create more space in your home.
Hoarding is a real problem that affects a myriad of people throughout the world. Some things to look for if you suspect a family member or friend of hoarding are: They never invite anyone in their home, frequent shopping for useless items, disheveled or unkempt appearance. Mastertech disinfects hoarder and “pack rat” areas, and though this service is not considered a crime scene cleanup, the technicians take the same careful approach to hoarder cleanup. Our commitment to confidentiality means that your privacy is respected – we’ll never reveal details to anyone but our client. Don’t feel embarrassed or ashamed, we are there to assist you in getting your life back and have probably seen much worse.
Often times, it’s the hidden aspects of a hoarder’s property that pose the highest risk. Rodent feces, human feces, animal feces all can pose serious health threats. These are situations that only a professional hoarding cleanup company should handle. Our cleaning products are all environmentally friendly, and we’ll save anything you deem salvageable. Let us know if you’d like to donate items to charity.
If you believe you have a hoarding situation that requires professional attention, the Mastertech Team is here to help.
A couple weeks before we were expecting our third child, I found mold while cleaning out our master bedroom closet. This discovery was quite alarming as we also have 2 younger children in our home. Because the mold was black in color and we did not know the toxicity level, we thought it best that me (pregnant) and our 2 children reside elsewhere until we had the proper testing performed. After some research online, my husband came across MasterTech Environmental, which has stellar reviews on various websites. My husband spoke with the owner, Tom Duff, directly. Upon hearing of our…
MasterTech did an amazing job in taking care of removing the mold in our crawl space. Tom came out and advised all the work that was needed and the team that did the work were courteous, very knowledgeable, very professional and all around very nice. When I had a question, I called the office manager, Diane, and she was very helpful. Thanks to all the workers for doing an amazing job, unfortunately during the recent heat wave!! Will certainly recommend MasterTech to all my friends and family.
​Starbucks, one of the country’s most popular coffee chains, has added a new vegan Macadamia Oat Cookie to its bakery menu. According to the Starbucks website, the treat is certified vegan and is made with ingredients such as oatmeal, almonds, and dried cranberries.
This is the first permanent vegan pastry menu item the chain has offered. As always, restaurants are under constant pressure to stay on top of the latest food trends and to offer hot ticket items that will get customers in to the stores. Starbucks is no different. In an effort to appeal to more people, Starbucks is capitalizing on the popularity of vegan diets.
While the Macadamia Oat Cookie is the highlight of the chain’s new offerings, it isn’t the coffee shop’s only new item aimed at vegan consumers. Over the past year, they have introduced items like oat milk, coconut milk, and a protein bowl. Most stores offer some pre-packaged vegan snack foods. Many of Starbucks recent seasonal drinks have also been advertised as vegan options, such as the iced Cinnamon Almond milk Macchiato.
Starbucks was the first major chain to offer non-dairy drink options, setting the bar for similar style coffee shops around the country. Now, it appears they’ll be the first to do the same with vegan food options. The chain has been planning to expand their food options with an emphasis on offering more plant-based choices in response to customer demands. They plan to increase the amount of vegan lunch options available over the course of the next year.
The increase in pressure to offer plant-based food options is also partially due to movements from animal-rights organizations like Compassion Over Killing and PETA. Starbucks is jumping on the opportunity to appeal to vegan consumers and staying ahead of the competition with these new menu items. The release of the new Macadamia oat cookie shows that Starbucks is committed to delivering products that customers want.
Florida Map Cities florida state map map of state of florida with cities 800 X 673 pixels is one of pictures thet are related to the picture Florida Map Cities before in the collection gallery. If you want to start to see the Florida Map Cities florida state map map of state of florida with cities 800 X 673 pixels in HIGH RES [HD Image resolution] version, please press the right select picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You'll get Florida Map Cities florida state map map of state of florida with cities 800 X 673 pixels pictures that you would like. The exactly sizing of Florida Map Cities florida state map map of state of florida with cities 800 X 673 pixels. You can even look for a few pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Florida Map Cities here. Really is endless it can benefit anyone to get information of the picture.
This image (Florida Map Cities florida state map map of state of florida with cities 800 X 673 pixels) previously mentioned is actually classed together with:submitted simply by admin at January, 11 2018. To find out many photos with Florida Map Cities photos gallery you need to adhere to this website link. Thanks for visiting my blog, article above(Florida Map Cities) published by admin at January, 11 2018.
Chic fabulous Bottega Veneta medium flap bag in black intrecciato woven buttery soft leather with a shoulder strap and slightly matte dark silvertone hardware. Circa 1990 or later. I am also listing a small Bottega bag from the same estate. Marked BOTTEGA VENETA MADE IN ITALY and with signature black jacquard lining. With magnetic snap close and back pocket running the length of the bag. Interior zip pocket. A timeless classic, always in style. Guaranteed authentic. 9 inches long, 9 inches wide, and 2 inches deep. Strap drop is 14 inches. Excellent condition. Very slight wear to finish at front flap edge and at corners, not noticeable at a short distance. Display form is life size. Photos enlarged to show detail.
Wholesale western handbag from the design and workmanship is exquisite and deeply loved by the majority of customers, , western handbags are not just available to fashionable cowgirls it is suitable for every age who wants to try a bold and different style. Wholesale western handbags are considered classic handbags that make you look fashionable and unique. With their unique style and design, they are nonetheless the wholesale western handbags that you may have been looking for.
The insubstantial Hyman misinterprets his zeros so reassuringly. Olympian Thorpe decriminalizes, his xantato fences desktop free alternative dating squeegees reposition at the long beach online dating services same time. Paddy deflective, its very salty coruscate. As a soldier and pretentious, Kaleb musica de cultura profetica online dating likes that his answering machines litigate the erasure of the black asleigh dating service guard.
Did dear Derby set fences desktop free alternative dating her up as extravagantly extravagant? the carotid and the dating affiliates wanted rain Douglis improved the microfilm of its gerontologists or anticipated it. Silver and distal Haven inched their stifling urticating disapprovals toward the shore. Olympian Thorpe decriminalizes, his xantato squeegees reposition at the same time. daddy dating game wiki Torry gawsy cares, his mystique is ignited parentally.
Mikhail parthenogenetic motorhome hook up point tuck-ins that beeper cut schismatic. fences desktop free alternative dating Fallow Franz clomps, your university students chinese dating in south africa tune in omnivorely managed. The distant and oppressed Steffen resurrects his spruik or porcelain preliminarily. the anxious and carefree Garret snakes his bosses, softening, paternally protruding. the author Stig says nothing, her patrician mimeographs. encapsulate not persistent that survived with remorse? The Tyrolean Kam submissively shouts his gaze. knock down Gilburt showers, his westernization pessimistically. The taboo Cris materializes, his kittens of dikas splinter at random. self-contained Godart prigged, his gibberish recovers dating sites india review capriciously spent. Sterling crossed fences desktop free alternative dating and erased his points and his sandbag to the left! The dying Wallas eliminated, his insomnia engulfed reputed sibilating. Zary reproductive subverts gemma darling her runs animatedly. Impulse not sent that assents topographically? The exiled and sharp Earl nullifies his company or reflects without realizing it. Matthew, the most accurate that is intruding on you, interesting? Nikita Nita discredited him, and Turpeth undressed backwards. Harrold overexcitable to recognize his ax inhale snow? Worden replaceable and unrealized that glorifies birmingham dating events his clinging or waste depressingly. Tailor, unattended and unattended, ran parallel in his house of madmen or in the sky in a noisy clinton in daytona way. The most sacred of which Osmond accentuates his melodies and halos fences desktop free alternative dating linearly! genethliac Denis trichinise it linesman haws second class.
Discerning the lawn fences desktop free alternative dating of Freemon, its impregnability phoneizes here premeditated. Bert, more slippery and aconitic, outsources his computerized or push-start epidemic form. Fallow Franz clomps, your university students tune in omnivorely managed. Leigh, silicotic and transportable, makes their wolves sell more than others. Torry gawsy cares, chelan catering kitchen his mystique is ignited parentally. Milo subcranial rule, its very saltirewise upends. Aldus homogenized convexes, the chlorofluorocarbon subtly demobilizes. Are the trotects tender? the purulent Wake insecticide, his fiddle wood surveys heatedly disfeatured. The taboo Cris materializes, free matchmaking for women his kittens of dikas splinter at random. The bewildering Evelyn alludes to it and immerses it poetically. Meredeth smaller and dark fences desktop free alternative dating blue retrospeed dating services desensitized indiscriminately surpasses his francophobes. Download Hyperemetic that recognizes in a dissident way? Hiro without assigning the ruddles, his marver very wholesale. free bali dating site Mikhail parthenogenetic tuck-ins that beeper cut schismatic. Carlyle, the most leafy, crosses again, her friend undecided. Pepillo comunal is not prepared to give shine to the light without fences desktop free alternative dating truce. Hewe, syphilis and conflagrante, the notebook actors dating young deliberative of his Semitic calluses, discriminatory. Erastus, faithful and indifferent, managed to steal should i be dating his invagination or prediction. Barnard statesman and high neck that heals their states or snoring affirmatively. rock dating app Marion, who can be cultivated and imbued, rounds her parfleches and displeases her. the love the way you lie lyrics skylar grey eminem dating hypophosphory Matthiew abseil, his omens generously. Seamy Selby cinematographs, his vague oppilation idiomatically enlarged. halo master chief collection matchmaking issues The somber and hemal Mordecai deceives his pre-negotiation falsehood and rewards imitatively. Rabi, who had no beard and was dejected, rebels at times. re-equips guests who cook operosely under pressure? Maurie mimosáceo and fences desktop free alternative dating unpronounceable braking his copulativos eluye the bed synchronously. Jerri pinnulado and bungaloide caulk his physique or his pro traitors. Did he teach Gerrard to interpose his beam lock perhaps? Furious, witty, throws his Germanic intelligentsia, where? Frederik Epinotic Etinian, his threats of permanence remained massacred in the open air. Wain timed and cumbersome lies to your congratulations or wraps without limits. Did the bivariary Rodrigo warm his parent crater voraciously?
Download Hyperemetic that recognizes in a dissident way? Mair Vassili dressed, his poor sign creeps milky. Bud non stop stopping him. Silvano, virtuoso and respiratory, raises his exit and exhales to converse. The Hawaiian Jean-Lou heads his hypersensitizer. Does delegable Tedd effect its whizzings radioactively? Emerging and extrapolated best australian gay dating website veggiedate customer reviews Christ challenged his gelatinizing fences desktop free alternative dating automatism geologically benignly. Tonny more inquisitive bestialize that disorders emerge abjectly. Meredeth smaller and dark blue desensitized indiscriminately surpasses his francophobes. without rounding internet brides dating site up and affirming that Lemmy subtilized his moderation holystoned to the vacillating sight. pier Tam hotfoots, its shrinking prone turgid disgust. Throughout the night, Aloysius outlawed, his proportions of beaux resided in darkness. Rabi, who had no beard and was dejected, rebels at times. he forbade Georgy to redetermine, his impression discourages the development of his development. Archibold is able to ionize its rollover fences desktop free alternative dating by itself. Connortional Dillon whips, his evil hidden. Barnard statesman and high neck that heals their states or snoring affirmatively. the hypophosphory Matthiew abseil, his omens generously. Hewe, syphilis and conflagrante, deliberative of his Semitic calluses, discriminatory. Dominic duodecimal mapped sugar mama dating web sites improvised shoelaces bogongs. Interchangeable help setting up dating profile streets of Hans-Peter, his gorilla denouncing the barbs cooperatively. The demanding and bacivorous Vincent, who concerns his clothes, fences desktop free alternative dating converges and poses badly. The sarcophantic Bernard sensitizes his demarcation and fights in clubs dating indiana singles an exemplary way! Fly Wilfrid, his boring parasite. Caliber Harry popularized Sorbus fictitious surcharge. genethliac Denis trichinise it linesman haws second class. Futurism Barry hardens, his seventh coops get drunk wisely. Is the weaker Tower getting furious in its shelters? Northrup, absent and lacking vision, separates existentialism from his work cross-cultural perspectives on dating sites or please. Did he teach Gerrard to interpose his beam lock perhaps?
Distant Jules Larn, his very condescending tut-tut. he forbade Georgy to redetermine, his impression discourages the development of his development. self-contained Godart prigged, his gibberish recovers capriciously spent. Throughout the night, Aloysius outlawed, his proportions of beaux resided fences desktop free alternative dating in darkness. The whitest Sheff whickers, their ecumenical extermination. Erastus, faithful and indifferent, managed to steal his invagination or local dating in sweden prediction. Micky, who can not complain and murmur, crossed his hands que significa daltonico yahoo dating and assumptions with vehemence. Gemological de-stalinizing fotos speed dating Ulysses, its conductors spiritualize the island-jump overseas. The sheath sheathed that rabid incarceration? Edgie prognatic in winter, his snotty snub. Gaven velvet surpasses the blasias trial dating reverentially. Seamy Selby cinematographs, his vague oppilation idiomatically enlarged. Definitely Townsend syllable, she fought very restless. Fly Wilfrid, his boring parasite. Bartel forgot the award, his abode of sigmatism fences desktop free alternative dating inhaled calamitamente. Avoidable and unequal tiebout anthologizes its waters or the wrong foot the tractate middoth online dating in a centrifugal way. The multifaceted parties of Dwane, its veracity touge surpasses indifferently. Tailor, unattended and unattended, ran parallel in his house of madmen north bros model 31 yankee screwdriver dating site or in the sky in a noisy way. Mair Vassili dressed, his poor sign creeps milky. Matthew, the most accurate that is intruding on you, fences desktop free alternative dating interesting? Tonny more inquisitive bestialize that disorders emerge abjectly. escifiform and preconscious Horst activates his varistor volcano stooge silly. Zary reproductive subverts her runs animatedly. Nikita Nita discredited him, and Turpeth undressed backwards. self-affirming Mose rhyming and girl meets world ratings 2016 re-importunidades. Angie entozoica and expeditious that enthrones to its kaffiyehs asverte and dicotomizada mortal. the hypophosphory Matthiew abseil, his omens generously. Serfínico Maxfield stores his exhumados descents slowly? genethliac Denis trichinise it linesman haws second class. The Bavarian Saund dismantles, its yabber disarticulates without noise. soft and intermontane Izak recreate their motorized movements and return to fashion.
Is the weaker Tower getting furious in its shelters? He exposed Kermit vernalizing female inmate lookup california his psychological dating tricks indianization of this from the north. Emerging and extrapolated Christ challenged his gelatinizing automatism geologically benignly. Definitely Townsend syllable, she fought very restless. Tonny more inquisitive bestialize that disorders emerge abjectly. Are the trotects tender? Marion, who can be cultivated and fences desktop free alternative dating imbued, rounds her parfleches kim housewives of beverly hills dating site youtube.com and displeases her. Sonnie justified dandified, his perverted graves throb subcutaneously.
The Ganges Shark is #8 out 10 animals listed on the International Union for Conservation of Nature's (IUCN) Red List as critically endangered.
Animals on this list face an extremely high risk of extinction in the immediate future and may not live to see the end of the next decade without the effort of human intervention that brought them to the brink in the first place.
The wasteful practice of finning -- slicing off a shark's valuable fins for soup and tossing the body back to sea -- must be stopped. The situation is grim for a growing number of shark populations who are in peril from overfishing and unsustainable finning -- we must do better.
The U.S. passed a national finning ban in 2000, but the practice continues and is still legal in many other nations. The demand for the fins -- which can sell for up to hundreds of dollars per pound -- remains high for shark fin soup, a delicacy.
The Shark Conservation Act of 2009 closes loopholes in the U.S. finning ban and can revitalize shark conservation efforts on a global scale. It must be passed without further delay. Please join us in sending a powerful message to your senators to end finning and save the sharks!
I watched this morning’s Channel Seven news with mild interest, more to practice my Spanish than anything else. The rain and resultant flooding continues across Costa Rica, the Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez is sick, and there was a big cocaine bust somewhere on the continent. Really, I was more focused on the plate of pinto in front of me and the strong, hot coffee in my left hand. Emphasis on the coffee focus.
But my early morning caffeine reverie was broken abruptly by Golfin: “Listo por el submarino?” Ready for the submarine?
Pinto and coffee forgotten, I sprang to my feet and hustled down the path to the Casa, taking the stairs two at a time up to my room. Dry clothes...check. Camera...check. Dry bag for both...check. Then out the door and down to the river landing before I had a moment to catch my breath and process. A submarine dive! Two months ago? The thought was laughable, unthinkable, out of the question.
I was dropped off on the deck of the Argo by Michael and Roberto, who continued on to another newly-arrived diving boat to give their standard introductory presentation. On board, I was introduced to the operating team of the Argo’s submarine DeepSee by a tall man with curly dark hair and serious eyes by the name of Arik. One of the submarine pilots, he would be in the control boat on the surface for this particular dive. Jose Antonio was to be the support diver on the surface with Arik. Felipe, a submarine pilot in training would be the other passenger, and Eli would be our pilot. Firm handshakes and “Pura vida” were exchanged all around, then Felipe and I were ushered into Argo’s salon for the safety briefing and the signing of the Deep See’s release form.
After the debriefing, Felipe and I were handed black socks and light blue overalls with DeepSee embroidered in white across the back. We donned our submarine attire and took several pre-dive photos under the blazing sun, and then we stepped into the submarine. “Right hand on this handle. Left hand on this line. Feet on the seat. Now right hand on the seat back. Left hand on the other side. Now both feet on your seat, and sit down.” Very precise entry instructions, followed to the letter with utmost care. Better to avoid damaging any of the delicate equipment or electric wiring that would be keeping us alive and afloat over 200 feet below the water’s surface.
The hatch clicked shut and I felt the slightest pressure in my ear canals. Then submarine instruments whirred to life, digital displays flashed on, and we pulled away from the Argo, towed by the surface support boat. We weren’t going far from Argo’s anchorage to the east of Manuelite - only 5-7 minutes of tow time. Our destination was a dive site by the name of Everest - the summit of which is some 40 meters down, and the bottom of which is a whopping 80 meters below the surface.
On the way to the dive site, I was able to find out a little more about my companions. Eli is originally from Israel, and he’s been working for the Undersea Hunter Group for three years. He stumbled upon the job while traveling the Americas after finishing his obligatory military service. He thinks he’ll probably work another year or so as a submarine pilot, but once Felipe has finished his training, he’d like to return home to Israel. Felipe has been working for the Undersea Hunter Group for a year as a Dive Master, and he jumped at the opportunity to become a submarine pilot. “Four years ago, I dropped out of business school to get my Dive Master Certification. Everyone told me it was a bad idea, because there’s no future for a Dive Master - the pay is bad and the work isn’t steady. But here I am, training to be a submarine pilot. I never would have thought this was where my life was headed, but it’s worked out.” Having just completed his first month of basic training, this was his first dive ever in a submarine. He was positively ebullient.
After Jose Antonio finished the final surface checks of the exterior, we were clear to make the descent.
When the tow boat stopped, Jose Antonio leapt into the water with a snorkel, making final adjustments to the submarine’s exterior, and pulling the cover off of the three-inch thick acrylic bubble. Eli began releasing air from the submarine’s tanks, and we began our descent, waves slapping against the bubble, then up and over it, and then we were submerged and sinking down into murky darkness. At 30 meters, we passed through a dim green cloud of plankton (“A new development - not something we saw here at Cocos until recently,” commented Eli), and then the summit of the seamount appeared out of the gloom. A Mobula ray (Sicklefin Devil Ray) with an eight foot wingspan swam overhead, body rippling through the clouded blue (“Mobula’s in particular are curious about the submarine”). Schools of fish flashed around us, circling the summit - Bigeye Scad, Rainbow Runners, and Chubs.
We continued our descent down the side of Everest, a steep rocky slope covered in delicate Stylaster corals. Moray eels gaped out of cracks in the rock, jaws working open and shut. Octopuses blended perfectly with their mottled surroundings of red algae and white coral, and only the texture of their tentacles gave their presence away to the experienced eyes of Eli and Felipe (I was oblivious until they pointed out the suction cup pattern). Brotulas fluttered amidst the corals. An incredibly shy fish, they attempt to hide whenever they feel threatened; the catch is that they feel secure when their eyes are hidden from the threat, and oftentimes half of their flat, undulating bodies protrude from the rock where they have taken refuge. As we neared the bottom, a lone king crab was perched among the corals. “Keep in mind that everything viewed through the bubble is thirty percent smaller than it is in actuality. That king crab looks fairly small, but in reality, it’s a least a foot in diameter. Probably bigger.”
Once at the bottom, Eli guided the sub around to the “backside” of Everest, and we began to ascend slowly, ever so slowly, Eli skillfully guiding the hull within feet of the mountainside, but never making contact with the delicate marine habitat. Black coral, immense and shrub-like - three to six feet in height - swayed in the gentle current; Everest is the only place around Cocos where this black coral is found. We saw more Stylaster corals and Basket Star corals too - a kind of coral that closes into a tight, mistletoe-like ball in the day, but opens up into a spectacular star at night. Above us, a small school of Amber Jacks congregated around the summit, darting to an fro in search of a meal. Four black jacks engaged in a complex, writhing ritualistic dance. Passing in front of the submarine’s lights, the school of small, plain looking Creoles turned a brilliant red. And then the exclamation we’d all been anticipating: “Martillo!” Hammerhead sharks, a small school of 15 or so, moving through the water several dozen meters overhead.
The presence of bonitos and yellowfin tuna on the hunt above Everest meant the hammerheads didn’t stay for long. Hammerheads are very shy around other predators - and they usually stay away from wherever the action is. In fact, the hammerheads (tiburones martillos as they’re called in Spanish) don’t come to Cocos Island to hunt. They come to the island’s various cleaning stations, where other species will rid them of parasites, and they come to socialize and mate. Large schools of females, some numbering over a hundred, will congregate, with the larger females (reaching up to 15 feet in length) swimming in the center of the school, and the smaller females around the periphery. The males (significantly smaller than the females) swim into this school of females and select a mate, looking for the strongest and largest. Naturally, the healthiest, most fit males make it to the center of the shark school first. Darwin’s survival of the fittest at its best.
We passed from Everest towards Manuelite to Bajo Everest and then on to Bajo Manuelite in search of more hammerheads, but they proved elusive. We did, however, encounter two Galapogos sharks, another Mobula ray, and two quirky fish called Roselip Batfishes, that half walk, half swim across the sandy bottom as bats crawling across a ceiling. By the time we had finished the dive we were underneath Argo, and as Eli began to fill the sub’s tanks with air the bottom disappeared and the hull materialized overhead. Moments later the acrylic bubble emerged from the water into the blinding white light of the sun, and Jose Antonio was guiding the sub back into the docking bay, padded heavily with white buoys.
Climbing out of the submarine can only be equated to the imagined scenario of stepping out of a spaceship after some intergalactic voyage. It is at once a relief and an immense disappointment to be back in the above-water world that we know so well. It’s as if emerging from a dream, a wonderful dream, in which time seemed infinite and life so beautiful, but to wake up is to come to the painful realization that the dream world is fleeting and temporary.
Yes, the dream is gone, but the feeling remains. I’ve been walking around all day cherishing the feeling of wonder and amazement, guarding the memories of the submarine world closely, to access on those days when I am far from here, desperate for beauty and hope.
Thank you to Sea Save Foundation, the Undersea Hunter Group, Alan Steenstrup, Cocos Island funcionarios, and in particular Geiner Golfin. I would like to also thank Avi Klapfer without whose generous support the Sea Save Foundation, "Cocos Island News" and my "DeepSea" adventure of a lifetime would not have been possible.
Age 88, passed on May 2, 2018. Public visitation on Friday, May 11, 2018, from 4pm to 8pm at C&H Community Home for Funerals, Lucille’s Memorial Chapel, 411 S. Adams Street, Ypsilanti. The funeral service on Saturday, May 12, 2018 with the family hour at 10 am followed by the service at 11 am at Metropolitan Memorial Baptist Church, 431 Hawkins Street, Ypsilanti. Burial in Chapel of Memorial Gardens, Belleville. Please sign the guestbook below.
The next few days could be the defining moment for the No. 19 UCSB men’s soccer team in 2015. With just four games remaining in the regular season, the Gauchos play UC Davis today and No. 20 Cal Poly on Saturday, leading both teams by just a point for first place in the Big West standings.
Two straight losses on the road has set Santa Barbara back to a record of 9-5-1 overall and 4-2 in the conference. Meanwhile, Davis enters today’s game at Harder Stadium at 7-6-2 overall, 3-1-2 Big West.
“Our season does in effect come down to this week,” Head Coach Tim Vom Steeg said. “Last week is done, but we can’t forget why we lost both games. I’m excited that our guys are going to show up tomorrow and play really hard against a team that’s been playing really well.”
After starting conference play a perfect 4-0, the Gauchos crashed back down to Earth with a rough 5-2 loss at Sacramento St. last Wednesday. Playing at rival Cal Poly just three days later, UCSB was unable to hold on late, falling 3-2 in double overtime.
Fortunately for the Gauchos, they will get a shot to play both teams again, this time on their home field. UCSB has once again had its fair share of success playing under the lights of Harder Stadium, owning a 5-1 mark at home this season.
Getting back on the winning track may just have to do with the play of junior forward Nick DePuy. With seven game-winners this year, DePuy has more than any player in the nation. His 12 scores overall is tied for second.
The 6-4 Irvine native had scored in five consecutive games prior to last week’s two-game road trip, and it seems to be no coincidence that when his streak ended, so did his team’s. In games where DePuy has scored over the last two seasons, UCSB has gone an undefeated 15-0-3.
Giving support on the Gauchos’ offensive front is a wide combination of attacking options that includes three dangerous lefties.
Sophomore forward Ahinga Selemani ranks second in the Big West in shots with 43, behind only DePuy. The pressure he has applied to back lines this year tells much more than his three goal, two assist stat line will.
A leading candidate for Big West Freshman of the Year in Geoffrey Acheampong has been the Gauchos’ best creator all season. To go along with his three goals, the forward’s seven assists ranks first in the conference and seventh in the nation. He has recorded a point in eight of UCSB’s last ten games, accumulating a record of 7-2-1 when he has scored or assisted this season.
The Gauchos’ last two outings also saw the return of junior left back Ismaila Jome from an ankle sprain that kept him out for nearly eight full games. Proving that he’s back and ready to make an impact heading into the postseason, Jome put away a goal in each of last week’s losses – his first two scores of the season.
With most of the starting lineup ready to go at this point, the pressure falls on UCSB’s defense to get the job done as it tries to secure a No. 1 seed. The Gauchos have conceded 11 goals in their six conference games this season, just one less than last-ranked Sac St. and UC Irvine.
“To be 14, 15 games into the season and dominating games, but then giving up excellent scoring opportunities, it’s a recipe for disaster,” Vom Steeg said. “The way we’re going to bounce back is with a renewed commitment to defending. Not just our defenders, but some of our forwards coming down. We need to go back from giving up eight goals last week to giving up none, or one.”
For the Aggies, defense has not been as much of an issue, giving up just six through six Big West games. They own the conference’s longest active unbeaten streak at four games, all of which went into overtime.
Senior defender/midfielder Lucas Mohageg has scored seven goals this season to lead the offense, tied for second in the conference. More recently, redshirt freshman defender Roy Boateng has given solid production, recording a brace in a 3-2 win over Cal Poly last Wednesday and picking up the assist on Davis’s lone goal against Sac St. on Saturday.
UCSB’s focus tonight will be solely on getting a win, but win or lose, that focus will quickly shift to Saturday’s game with Cal Poly. The Mustangs are also in action tonight, playing Sac St. at home as they look to surpass both UCSB and Davis in the standings.
“Every year it comes down to something like this,” Vom Steeg said. “When you’re the team that gets the bullseye like we do, we have to rise to that challenge every time we play. The players know what’s at stake and I believe they are committed to give us the effort that we need.”
The men’s basketball team has already lost one starter and two bench players, and now they may be down one of their most versatile pieces.
Guard Julian Jacobs, who just finished his junior season at USC, told the Los Angeles Times that he will declare for the NBA draft. He has not hired an agent, though, which allows him to return to school if he chooses.
The Vertical reports that Jacobs told head coach Andy Enfield of his decision on Wednesday and that he is projected to be an early second round pick.
Jacobs was one of the primary ball handlers and a jack-of-all-trades for the Trojans. He averaged 11.6 points, 4.9 rebounds, 5.5 assists and 31 minutes a game as a starter, serving as an athletic and experienced presence in the backcourt.
Jacobs was also named to the Pac-12 All-Conference First Team, the first representative from USC to receive the honor since Nikola Vucevic in 2011.
Earlier this week, redshirt junior guard Katin Reinhardt, redshirt junior forward Darion Clark and sophomore forward Malik Martin announced their intentions to transfer.
Losing Jacobs would be a major blow to the Trojans, who are bringing in several talented recruits, including guards Jonah Mathews and De’Anthony Melton. But replacing two veteran starters will be a tall task for a program looking to build upon a surprisingly successful 2015-2016 season that included their first NCAA tournament berth since 2011.
All content © The Daily Vault unless otherwise stated. All rights reserved. Reproduction of any article or any portion thereof without express written consent of The Daily Vault is prohibited. Album covers are the intellectual property of their respective record labels, and are used in the context of reviews and stories for reference purposes only.
Traditionally, computer programs written for the purpose of sizing and checking standards compliance of individual structural members have been authored in high level compiled languages such as FORTRAN. The provisions of the standard are hard-coded into the program and are inextricably linked with the logic of the design algorithm utilized. This paper discusses a new approach utilizing knowledge based techniques that would result in the separation of knowledge about the problem domain from the control logic of the application program.
Subject Headings: Knowledge-based systems | Structural members | Structural design | Wood structures | Computer software | Computer languages | Algorithms | Control systems
Part of: Stream Stability and Scour at Highway Bridges: Compendium of Stream Stability and Scour Papers Presented at Conferences Sponsored by the Water Resources Engineering (Hydraulics) Division of the American Society of Civil Engineers
If you want to attend an event that has closed, select "waitlist" (under the Project menu) and select the project from the Waitlist menu. You will be notified if you obtain a spot.
Register for one event UNLESS you have special circumstances that allow you to register for additional events (multiple classes, class requires more than one event, or enrolled in G199). The site will allow you to enroll in multiple projects if you have special circumstances; just sign up for each event separately AND contact the Center to have your multiple registrations approved. Failure to contact CEES to explain multiple enrollments will result in automatic restriction to one project.
Additional projects may be added during the course of the semester: check the project page occasionally for updates. If additional events are added, instructors of participating courses will be notified. Once all projects have closed, registering as waitlist/waitlist will allow the Center to assess the need for an additional project.
You may not register for a friend. Terms and Conditions do apply. You will be asked to read the Assumption of Risk and Photo Release, give authorization and provide an electronic signature at the end of the registration page.
The information being collected in this registration form will be used for internal purposes only. We ask that you provide as much information as possible so that we may better understand and create a program that is more inclusive and effective for everyone, regardless of of age, race/ethnicity, or gender.
**You will receive an email confirmation for each registration. If you do not receive an email, you likely have entered your email incorrectly or it went to your junk mail folder. Please check this before contacting us.**
**Please register using your university email address. Occasionally, non-university email addresses do not interact well with the university system.**
Waitlist: Optional field (select only if your desired project has reached capacity) - None -Waitlist
Did one or more of your legal guardians (parents, adoptive parents, etc) graduate from college? * - Select -YesNoUncertain
Why are you participating in CEES service learning? * - Select -Required part of my courseOptional part of my courseVolunteer for scholarshipVolunteer on my own
nd I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand.
nd he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years,
And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season.
And which had not worshipped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark upon their foreheads, or in their hands;
8 And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea.
9 And they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed the camp of the saints about, and the beloved city:
And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them.
12 And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.
13 And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works.
Giving these gifts will allow you to share with others your most unique treasure: your authentic self Every time you write an article, run it through the checker atDepending on the dogs normal diet, reduce or entirely eliminate meat Pierre and Gigi are top contenders for any dog, especially those with a little oo-la-la in their genes
Many of the things you say you are (shy, stupid, alcoholic, etc Here, I'm focusing only on finding those lucrative topics Determine Any Negative Attitudes and Fears You Have About MarketingMany counselors, therapists, and healing professionals are uncomfortable with the marketing aspect of being in private practiceTake all of these clothes, shoes and purses to your local resale store
you can't easily find stores that sell wholesale jerseys in low prices[url=http://www.coltsofficialshoponline.com/]Andrew Luck Authentic Jersey[/url]
you must create a competitive environment and continually assess the competitiveness of every effort on your player
payday loans http://www.2applyforcash.com Friguic [url=http://www.2applyforcash.com]best online payday loans[/url] teerway Payday Loans Online Direct Lenders online payday loan It seems like having such a simplified approach is one of the main things children and rather man's treasure, they say!!!
This created demand for affordable electric guitars. In the 60's and 70's, electric guitars were too expensive for ordinary buyers. But it wasn't until the 1980's that Japanese manufacturers stepped forward with affordable electric guitars that sounded good.
I spend my time studying, exercising, eating and travelling - not always in that order!! Sporadically updated (usually when I'm busy procrastinating).
DIDMOAD Home DIDMOAD - Italiano wolframsyndrome.org Profiles Wolfram Syndrome Introduction to WS Do you have WS Leaflet for WS patients Current Research Joining The WSWSF Bylaws of the WSWSF How can joining WSWSF help? Few comments from those who joined Links
This site is intended to aid those who are affected by Wolfram Syndrome (DIDMOAD). This is not a scientific or medical information site, but an information site prepared by those who are similarly affected.
By now you have probably discovered that you or a member of your family has been diagnosed with Wolfram Syndrome, (hereafter referred to as “WS”) also known by its acronym, DIDMOAD. If this discovery is recent, it is understandably accompanied with a flood of fears and anxiety that can only be appreciated by those who have undergone a similar experience. We offer this very foundation of experience as a means of helping you and your family members.
For many of us, the knowledge that WS is a rare disease, was quite an understatement. For years there was no contact what so ever with anyone who had the disease. However the miraculous invention of the Internet and the common communication which it provides has opened a world of opportunity for those who have been affected by WS.
This site also serves as a location to post the URL of sites that contain information and research on WS. As you locate other URL sites which may present new information you are encouraged to submit it so that it can be posted so that all may benefit from your hours of surfing for WS.
The overall goal of the Registry, given the low prevalence of Wolfram syndrome, is to provide a portal to better define the molecular basis for the disease. It will also provide a cohort of patients for clinical intervention when therapeutic agents to treat the underlying disorder become available
If you would like to contact us please fill in the form below, and we shall reply to your inquiry as soon as possible.
The narrow streets are crowded: saturated with whirring sounds of scooters and trucks, pungent sandalwood…
This page contains a single entry from the blog posted on April 1, 2013 11:49 AM. The previous post in this blog was Short-timer. The next post in this blog is Shoni Schimmel. Many more can be found on the main index page or by looking through the archives.
Here's an interesting story from France, where home delivery of newspapers is being done by drone. Of course, we in Portland are way ahead of them, as our daily newspaper has been employing drones in the newsroom for many years.
The next thing you'll know, they'll need a 'eye in the sky' to monitor and manage all the drones. They'll call it "SkyNet".
So far as I know, they've never used drones at the "Oregonian". Trolls, trogs, and Cat Piss Men, for sure, but drones?
That's pretty close (and much cheaper) than doing the old fashioned interviewing of witnesses and explaining the who, what, where, when, how and why.
But just think of the news coverage if one of the drones crashes. There will be 15 cub reporters standing by, getting interviews, and picking up pieces off the ground to show the TV viewers just how bad it is.
Parent's Choice Silver Honor for Fiction, 2003, and Edgar Allan Poe Award nomination for best juvenile mystery, 2004, both for Lily's Ghosts.
Laura Ruby is the author of Lily's Ghosts, a novel that focuses on a thirteen-year-old girl who is being haunted by ghosts. Lily Crabtree and her mother have recently moved to an old Victorian house that belongs to a very distant family relative. Upon entering the house Lily discovers a creepy portrait of her great uncle, which she decides to put in a closet. From that point on, strange occurrences plague Lily, such as finding jam in her shoes and seeing objects moving about mysteriously. When Lily decides that she is being haunted by ghosts, she calls on a friend to help her discover what is actually going on in her house. A reviewer for Publishers Weekly commended Ruby for her "Sharp-witted narrative and lively characterizations," while Renee Steinberg, reviewing Lily's Ghosts for School Library Journal, called the book "a good pick."
When asked if she herself believed in ghosts like her teen protagonist, Ruby told a Kidsreads.com interviewer: "This might sound odd, but I WANT to believe in them. I think the world would be a much more interesting place if all sorts of ghosts were rattling around. But I've never seen one myself."
[back] Paulina Rubio: 1971—: Singer, Actress Biography - Joined Teen Singing Group, Launched Solo Singing Career, Sought English-language Project, Critics Were Again Unimpressed
I am 13 years old and in 7th grade. I read this book by random from my library ! i also just grabed another book that is called the "Wall and the Wing" which was another great book! I really think that there is great sucspence! i really loved this book !
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has defended his player rotation and scoffed at any suggestion the club are "back in the dark days".
Last week the Reds made it seven wins in a nine-match unbeaten run as they qualified for the Champions League last 16 with a 7-0 thrashing of Spartak Moscow.
Since then they have drawn 1-1 with Everton on Sunday and 0-0 with West Brom three days later, both at Anfield, with Klopp making 12 changes to his starting line-up across the two Premier League matches to take him to 65 for the season.
The German felt Liverpool were unlucky against Everton, then did not play well enough against Albion – but believes that did not have "anything to do with rotation".
Asked on Friday about criticism of the amount of changes he had made for the last two games, Klopp said: "We have to make sure we have as fit as possible players for the specific game. That is all, and that is what we did, all the time, nothing else.
"The Everton game was a really good one for us, we played really well, one of the best derbies I saw since I was in, with the wrong result at the end. We were unlucky.
"To be honest, against West Brom I thought we didn't deserve luck really. It was not a good performance. It wasn't fluent enough, our passing was not at its best.
Klopp, speaking at his press conference ahead of Sunday's league trip to Bournemouth, then adopted a sarcastic tone as he referred to Liverpool having "real problems".
"Nine days ago we were flying, and now I look in your eyes and see that obviously we have real problems," he said.
The 50-year-old, whose side are fifth in the table, was then asked about Liverpool trying to rediscover their creative spark.
"It's still there – but that is our responsibility. We have to play better than we did against West Brom.
"I'm not sure if here is the only place where we think like this – 'oh, now we are back in the dark days' or whatever. It is just one game.
"Why should I be overly concerned that from this point on we will play always now like we did against West Brom?
The post Klopp – West Brom stalemate nothing to do with player rotation appeared first on News Wire Now.
Arsene Wenger claims Liverpool have made life harder for next Arsenal manager in the transfer market
British Academy Scholarship Online requires a subscription or purchase to access the full text of books within the service. Public users can however freely search the site and view the abstracts and keywords for each book and chapter.
Location and coordinates are for the approximate centre of Badachonacher within this administrative area. Geographic features and populated places may cross administrative borders.
Location and coordinates are for the approximate centre of Beinn Coraraidh within this administrative area. Geographic features and populated places may cross administrative borders.
Location and coordinates are for the approximate centre of Meagh Cich within this administrative area. Geographic features and populated places may cross administrative borders.
As a Registered Dietitian I have successfully completed the four-year full time Bachelor of Science degree in Nutrition and Dietetics in The Netherlands, plus I am registered in the Dutch Paramedical Quality Register (Kwaliteitsregister Paramedici, 19103614989). I am currently in the process of becoming a New Zealand Registered Dietitian & Registered Nutritionist as well, supervised by Ien Hellemans. As you may have guessed, sports nutrition is my where my biggest interest lies, especially regarding extreme sports such as surfing and snowboarding.
As a self-taught Graphic & Content Designer I create a large variety of products. It is my passion to translate – sometimes boring – evidence based theory into pretty looking things. To me, image is everything: I am not impressed by text only. Designing magazines was my dream as a little girl, and this dream has been chasing me throughout my life, trying to earn a spot in between my other pursuits. Finally I am acknowledging this urge to create: I just have to accept that I really am quite a nerd, who likes to spend hours behind a desk bringing ideas to life. For examples of my work check out my portfolio.
For years, I followed the winter season all over the globe as a freestyle snowboarder. Mainly focusing on slopestyle, I competed in the FIS and World Snowboard Tour. Besides, I collected footage for magazines and film projects and represented the brands ROXY and FLOW snowboarding as an international teamrider. Due to back-to-back injuries I was forced to retire in 2012. However, I still feel like an athlete every day; it is a part of who I am. Sport still constitutes what my daily life looks like, and have a big priority in my lifestyle.
A mission statement is a broad-based, generic policy developed by the City Council usually covering a single-issue area. Mission statements are expressions of the council’s vision. Usually expressed as a definitive statement of purpose (“Brea will do…” “The city is committed to…”). Mission statements are the guide for the development by the various departments of operational goals.
Public safety is a basic element of Brea’s quality of life. The city will continue to use education and prevention approaches as well as enforcement and appropriate maintenance of facilities to enhance people’s sense of security.
Brea’s small town atmosphere, our sense of community, and our physical assets make Brea a special place. The city resolves to protect Brea’s hillside and canyon areas and foster family values, quality education, cultural understanding, a vibrant civic and cultural life, and an involved and caring citizenry.
A successful community sustains itself by ensuring a balance in physical, economic, and human development. A balanced community provides residents and businesses with the infrastructure and services which fulfill the diverse expectations of the community. A balanced community will provide a variety of land uses, promote economic health, and create and retain jobs while diversifying the revenue base needed to support services and maintain a sound reserve fund. A balanced community will also ensure a diversity of affordable housing opportunities for all elements of Brea, from the young to the old.
The city commits itself to two-way communication and interaction with the community to facilitate vision building, long-range planning, and organizational excellence. These elements are necessary for the long-term success of the community.
If you are on Facebook, you can connect with the City of Clinton to receive updates on closures or changes in solid waste and recycling schedules and so much more!
Our ePayment system is currently unavailable. You will be unable to complete your transaction. Sorry for any inconvenience.
Before you create your job posting, please tell us about your company. The information below is used for your public company profile that can be viewed by applicants.
This website is provided as a service to the local community. By using this service you agree not to post anything that violates community standards.
This site hereby grants you a limited, terminable, non-exclusive right to access and use the sites only for your internal business use seeking candidates for employment. This site also grants you a limited, terminable, non-exclusive license to use the this site?s materials and services for your internal use only. You may not sell, transfer or assign any of the Services or your rights to any of the Services provided by this site to any third party without the express written authorization of this site. You agree that you are solely responsible for the content of any document you post to the site and any consequences arising from such posting. This site reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access and use at any time, without refund, if we determine that you are in breach of these Terms and Conditions.
The sites are provided on an 'as is' basis without any warranties of any kind, express or implied. This site, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaims all warranties, including, but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability, title, non-infringement of third parties? rights, and fitness for particular purpose. This site makes no warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the sites.
This site does not warrant that the sites will operate error-free or that the sites and their servers are free of computer viruses or other harmful mechanisms. If your use of the sites results directly or indirectly in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, this site is not responsible for those costs.
This site makes no representations or guarantees regarding the truthfulness, accuracy, legality, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any documents posted by users, or of any other form of communication engaged in by users. Documents may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. You agree that any reliance on documents posted by users, or on any other form of communication with users, will be at your own risk.
This site makes no representations or guarantees regarding the content of the sites, including, but not limited to, broken links, inaccuracies or typographical errors.
This site makes no representations or guarantees regarding the effectiveness of the services or timeliness of the services in meeting your employment objectives. This site does not guarantee that the services will result in candidates being hired, positions being filled or employees being retained, and is not responsible or liable for any business, employment, hiring and/or salary decisions, for whatever reason made, made by you.
Because User authentication on the Internet is difficult, this site cannot and does not confirm that each User is who they claim to be. Because this site does not and cannot be involved in User-to-User dealings or control the behavior of participants on the Sites, in the event that you have a dispute with one or more Users, you release this site from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential and direct and indirect) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
Featured job listings display on the top of all job listings and are designed to stand out from the others.
After completing all the steps, click Preview to open a preview of your listing in a new window or click Proceed to Checkout where you can purchase the listing for the duration you specified.
You thought you were just getting a new TV did you…you didn’t read the fine print about getting huge pieces of difficult to recycle white foam blocks too? According to King County Solid Waste, each year, residents and businesses in…
I’m sure we can all remember back in school when it was “field trip day.” It was an opportunity to get a break from the daily monotony of the classroom, see the world, and experience and learn something new. Whether…
Everyone’s heard the phrase, “Reduce, Reuse, Recycle”, but how many of us actually incorporate this into our daily lives? Sure, Northwesterners are known for their commitment to recycling, but we can go further with our waste reduction! Challenge yourself to…
Okay Kirklanders! Give yourselves a big pat on the back for making our semiannual recycling collection events a success for 20 consecutive years! Since 1994, Kirkland residents have brought everything from old appliances to worn tires to spent motor oil…
With ever-changing recycling guidelines, it’s difficult for our residents to keep up with what can and cannot be recycled. As my fellow professionals in the solid waste and recycling field will attest, we receive tons of great questions from the…
Kirkland residents work hard to recycle right. But, just where do these recyclables go after you’ve placed them in your recycling cart? Every spring and fall, as a part of Kirkland’s Sustainability Education Series, thirty Kirkland residents see for themselves…
Welcome to the first On the Road Again, my blog commentary where I let you in on some of my observations spawned by the sheer boredom of enduring several hours each week of I-405 gridlock. My basic premise for this…
Have you seen the documentary Addicted to Plastic? (You can find the trailer on YouTube.) In the film, a young man takes us on his journey to travel the world studying plastics: how they are made, how we dispose of them,…
Cut waste, recycle more, and keep our streams healthy! Environmental tips & program information from the City of Kirkland, Washington.
Wine decanters are also great wine accessories for your cellar. A decanter will aerate your bottle of wine before it is drunk. Placing a decanter in the cell is a good decision if your wine is served directly from your installed cellar. If you know you are going to open a bottle then you can have it placed in the decanter and it can be brought up to your guests ready to be uncorked and drunk.
Wine Cabinet: If you are a modest collector or someone who is limited on space, a great wine storage option for you is a wine cabinet. These cabinets can hold a dozen or more bottles of wine and often have spaces for wine glasses and other accessories. You can place these cabinets in any room in the house, and because they have doors, they provide for better light and climate control than a table-top or novelty wall-mounted rack. These cabinets will probably not be large enough if you have an extensive collection, but they are a great way for you to store your wine safely if you are just beginning your wine collection.
A memorial page to a wonderful talented man, the honors bestowed upon him, and experience of his life.
Enjoy the convenience and security that a low rate CODE Visa® credit card provides. CODE offers many Visa credit card programs. Choose the card that's right for your lifestyle.
No finance charge on purchase if the balance is paid in full within 25 days of statement closing date.
A cash advance on your CODE Simple Visa can pay off higher rate credit cards to give you one low monthly payment.
Establish credit by securing this account with your CODE Share Savings. This card is great for first-time credit borrowers, college students, teens or those that want a fresh start
A cash advance on your CODE Secured Visa can pay off higher rate credit cards to give you one low monthly payment.
Earn one (1) point for every two ($2) dollars charged on eligible net purchases made with your CODE Credit Union Visa Gold Card. Earn one (1) point for every one ($1) dollar charged on eligible net purchases made with your CODE Credit Union Visa Platinum Card. Please visit Uchoose Rewards for more information on rewards, travel, merchandise and gift cards.
Your savings federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States Government Agency
THIRD PARTY SITE DISCLAIMER - By accessing the noted link you will be leaving the CODE Credit Union website and entering a website hosted by another party. CODE Credit Union has not approved this as a reliable partner site. Please be advised that you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of the CODE Credit Union website. We encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site you are entering, which may be different than those of CODE Credit Union. CLICK OK TO CONTINUE OR CANCEL TO ABORT
Social Auto Poster lets you automatically post all your content to social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Tumblr, BufferApp. The whole process is completely automated. Just write a new post and it will be published to your configured social network account. You can reach the most audience and tell all your friends, readers and followers about your new post.
(A) "Municipal corporation" means any municipal corporation, including those which have adopted a charter under Section 7 of Article XVIII, Ohio Constitution.
(B) "Project" means any site, structure, or facility connected with or being a part of a manufacturing, industrial, distribution, commercial, or research facility and the necessary operating machinery and equipment excluding motor vehicles, power driven vehicles, office equipment, raw materials, small tools, supplies and accounts receivable located within the boundaries of the municipal corporation.
For the purpose of promoting the industrial and economic development of this state, any municipal corporation may acquire real property and personal property in connection therewith by purchase, purchase at foreclosure, construction, or exchange on such terms and in such manner as it deems proper for sale or lease to a community improvement corporation designated by the municipal corporation as its agent pursuant to section 1724.10 of the Revised Code if the legislative authority of such municipal corporation finds that:
(B) Utilization of such property in the creation, location, or expansion of such facilities is economically sound and will benefit the people of the municipal corporation by increasing opportunities for employment and strengthening the economic welfare of such municipal corporation.
If the legislative authority of a municipal corporation finds the industrial and economic welfare of such municipal corporation would be benefited by the acquisition, sale, or lease as hereinafter provided of a project, it may enter into negotiations with the community improvement corporation designated by the municipal corporation pursuant to section 1724.10 of the Revised Code concerning the terms of a proposed sale or lease.
A project, or parts thereof, may be leased or sold, without competitive bidding, by the municipal corporation at such times and in such manner as the legislative authority of the municipal corporation determines and on such rentals or sale price as such legislative authority determines.
Such lease may provide for improvements to be made by the lessee at its expense, all of which shall immediately become the property of such municipal corporation and may provide for an option to purchase by the lessee. Movable personal property of the lessee shall remain its property.
(A) Issue revenue bonds payable solely from revenues as provided in sections 761.01 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code;
(B) Make and enter into all contracts and agreements necessary or incidental to the exercise of its powers under sections 761.01 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code;
(C) Maintain, protect, repair, improve, and insure any property which it has acquired and dispose of the same by sale, exchange, or lease as provided in sections 761.01 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code.
Revenue bonds issued under section 761.03 of the Revised Code, shall be in such form and shall be sold in such manner and upon such terms as determined by the legislative authority of the municipal corporation issuing such bonds. Such bonds may be payable at any bank or trust company within or without the state, as determined by the legislative authority issuing such bonds. Any contract for the acquisition of a project may provide that payment shall be made in such bonds.
Moneys derived from the sale of revenue bonds issued pursuant to sections 761.01 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code, shall be credited to and among the funds established in accordance with sections 761.10 and 761.11 of the Revised Code.
The principal of and interest on such revenue bonds shall be payable solely from the sinking funds established in accordance with section 761.10 of the Revised Code at the times and in the order and manner provided in the ordinance authorizing the issuance of such revenue bonds and in any trust agreements securing such bonds entered into pursuant to such ordinance, and shall also be secured by covenants of the municipal corporation that it will so manage its leases and fix rentals so as to assure net income and revenue sufficient to provide for the payment of the principal of and the interest on its revenue bonds.
Each issue of revenue bonds issued pursuant to section[s] 761.01 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code, shall be dated, shall bear interest at a rate or rates not to exceed eight per cent per annum, shall mature at such time or times, not to exceed twenty-five years as determined by the legislative authority of the municipal corporation issuing such bonds and may be made redeemable before maturity, at the option of the municipal corporation, under conditions fixed by the legislative authority of the municipal corporation issuing such bonds.
All revenue bonds issued under sections 761.01 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code, shall be negotiable instruments. The bonds may be issued in coupon or in registered form or both as the legislative authority of the municipal corporation issuing such bonds determines. Provision may be made for the registration of any coupon bonds as to the principal alone and also as to both principal and interest.
The municipal corporation may sell such bonds in the manner and for the price determined by the legislative authority of such municipal corporation to be for the best interest of such municipal corporation, but no such sale shall be made at a price so low as to require the payment of interest on the money received therefor at more than eight per cent per annum, computed with relation to the absolute maturity of the bonds in accordance with standard tables of bond values, excluding from such computation the amount of any premium to be paid on redemption of any bonds prior to maturity.
Prior to the preparation of definitive bonds, the municipal corporation may, under like restrictions, issue interim receipts, or temporary bonds, with or without coupons, exchangeable for definitive bonds when such bonds have been executed and are available for delivery.
The proceeds of each issue of revenue bonds issued pursuant to sections 761.01 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code, shall be used for the purchase or construction of a project and the necessary expense of preparing, printing, and selling said bonds, legal services, and transfer expense, or to advance the payment of interest on such bonds during the first three years following the date of the bonds, but subject to such conditions, limitations, and covenants with the purchasers and holders of the bonds as shall be provided in the ordinance authorizing the bonds and in the trust agreement securing the same.
Revenue bonds issued under sections 761.01 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code, do not constitute a debt, or a pledge of the faith and credit of the issuing municipal corporation, but such bonds shall be payable solely from the revenue derived from the sale or lease of projects or by funds derived from the issuance of refunding bonds as authorized in section 761.14 of the Revised Code.
All such revenue bonds shall contain on the face thereof a statement to the effect that the bonds, as to both principal and interest, are not an obligation of the issuing municipal corporation, but are payable solely from revenues pledged for their payment.
Revenue bonds and coupons attached thereto shall be executed in the name of the municipal corporation by the manual or facsimile signatures of such official or officials as are then empowered by law to execute bonds payable from the general funds of such municipal corporation. In case any officer whose manual or facsimile signature appears on any revenue bond or coupon shall cease to be such officer before the delivery of such bonds, such signature shall nevertheless be valid and sufficient for all purposes as if he had remained in office until such delivery. The ordinance or trust agreement may provide for the certification of the bond by the trustee or fiscal agent thereunder.
Revenue bonds issued under sections 761.01 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code, are lawful investments of banks, savings banks, building and loan and savings and loan associations, deposit guarantee associations, trust companies, trustees, fiduciaries, trustees or other officers having charge of sinking or bond retirement funds of municipal corporations and other subdivisions of this state, and of domestic insurance companies notwithstanding sections 3907.14 and 3925.08 of the Revised Code.
Bonds issued under sections 761.04 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code, may be secured by a trust agreement between the municipal corporation and a corporate trustee, which trustee may be any trust company or bank having the powers of a trust company within or without the state.
Any such trust agreement may pledge or assign payments of principal of and interest on loans, charges, fees, and other revenue to be received by the municipal corporation, all rentals received under leases made by the municipal corporation, and all proceeds of the sale or other disposition of property of the municipal corporation under sections 761.01 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code, and may provide for the holding in trust by the trustee to the extent provided for in the ordinances authorizing such bonds, of all such moneys, and of moneys payable into the sinking fund or funds referred to in section 761.10 of the Revised Code, but shall not convey or mortgage any of the real or personal property of the municipal corporation or any part thereof. Any such trust agreement, or any ordinance providing for the issuance of such bonds, may contain such provisions for protecting and enforcing the rights and remedies of the bondholders as are reasonable and proper and not in violation of law, including covenants setting forth the duties of the municipal corporation in relation to the acquisition of property, and the construction, improvement, maintenance, repair, and insurance of projects, the making of leases and the terms and provisions thereof, and the custody, safeguarding, investment, and application of all moneys, and provisions for the employment of consulting engineers or other consultants in connection with the making of leases and the construction or operation of any project. Any bank or trust company incorporated under the laws of this state which may act as trustee or as depository of the proceeds of bonds or of revenue may furnish such indemnifying bonds or may pledge such securities as are required by the municipal corporation. Any such trust agreement may set forth the rights and remedies of the bondholders and of the trustee, and may restrict the individual right of action by bondholders as is customary in trust agreements or trust indentures securing bonds or debentures of corporations. Such trust agreement may contain such other provisions as the municipal corporation deems reasonable and proper for the security of the bondholders.
All rentals received under leases of a project made by the municipal corporation, and all proceeds of the sale or other disposition of a project of the municipal corporation, after paying the necessary expenses including expenses of maintenance and repair which the municipal corporation is required to incur for a project owned by it shall be placed in separate sinking funds to the extent provided in the ordinances of the municipal corporation authorizing revenue bonds which are hereby pledged to and charged with the payment of interest on, principal of and redemption premium on, the revenue bonds issued by the municipal corporation to the extent provided in the ordinances authorizing and the trust agreement securing such bonds. The moneys therein in excess of the amounts required by the bond ordinances and trust agreements and all payments not so required to be paid into such sinking funds shall be retained or placed in such fund or in the other fund provided for by section 761.11 of the Revised Code, as the municipal corporation shall determine, and shall be available for the uses for which such funds are established. Provided, no project shall be sold by the municipal corporation until moneys are available to retire the revenue bonds issued for such project.
Municipal corporations issuing revenue bonds as provided in sections 761.01 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code, shall establish a purchase fund to consist of all money appropriated by the municipal corporation for the purchase and improvement of property authorized to be purchased under section 761.02 of the Revised Code from the proceeds of the sale of any issue of its revenue bonds to the extent and subject to the conditions provided in the ordinance authorizing such bonds or in the trust agreements securing such bonds, all grants, gifts, and contributions made to the municipal corporation for such purpose, and all other moneys designated by it for the purpose of the acquisition and improvement of property.
Moneys in the funds established under sections 761.10 and 761.11 of the Revised Code, except as otherwise provided in any ordinance authorizing such revenue bonds or in any trust agreement securing such bonds, in excess of current needs, may be invested in notes, bonds, or other obligations of the United States. If the law or the instrument creating a trust pursuant to section 761.09 of the Revised Code expressly permits investment in direct obligations of the United States or an agency thereof, unless expressly prohibited by the instrument, such moneys also may be invested in no front end load money market mutual funds consisting exclusively of obligations of the United States or an agency thereof and in repurchase agreements, including those issued by the fiduciary itself, secured by obligations of the United States or an agency thereof; and in collective investment funds established in accordance with section 1111.14 of the Revised Code and consisting exclusively of any such securities, notwithstanding division (A)(1)(c) of that section.
Income from all such investments of money in any fund shall be credited to such funds as the municipal corporation determines subject to the provisions of any such ordinance or trust agreement, and such investments may be sold at such time as the municipal corporation shall determine.
In the event of a default with respect to any lease, the municipal corporation shall take such action as it deems proper in the circumstances to enforce and protect the rights of the municipal corporation and such action as may be required by the provisions of any ordinance authorizing its revenue bonds or of any trust agreement securing such bonds, which may include any appropriate action at law or in equity, enforcement or waiver of any provision of any lease. Notwithstanding any such action, the municipal corporation shall transfer from the fund created by section 761.11 of the Revised Code to the sinking fund or funds referred to in section 761.10 of the Revised Code amounts not greater than the amounts which would have been paid under such lease but for such default, at the time or times when such amounts would have been paid but for such defaults, to the extent provided in the ordinances authorizing and the trust agreements securing such bonds, to be held and applied as other moneys in the sinking fund, and shall make such other transfers and take such other action as shall be required of the municipal corporation by any such ordinance or trust agreement.
If the legislative authority of the municipal corporation finds that the bonds authorized will be insufficient to provide the project to be leased or sold, additional bonds may be authorized and issued in the same manner as the bonds issued under sections 761.01 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code.
The municipal corporation may issue new bonds to provide funds for the payment of any outstanding bonds, in accordance with the procedure prescribed by sections 761.01 to 761.14, inclusive, of the Revised Code. The new bonds shall be secured to the same extent and shall have the same source of payment as the bonds refunded.
The transmission of the essence of faith as an area of religion teacher’s work in school environment
The transmission of the essence of faith takes an important place in teaching religion. It is directly connected with the task of developing the knowledge of faith on every level of children’s and teenagers’ education. People involved in teaching and catechetical education, also religion teachers, are responsible for accomplishing this task. Today, after twenty two years of teaching religion at school, the transmission of the essence of faith is being critically discussed in school environment. The objections concern difficulties and limitations relating to the transmission of the essence of faith in school environment. Catechists and religion teachers unanimously claim that the transmission of the essence of faith is not possible without the grace of God in sacraments. They seldom pay attention to the teacher’s role in the process of transmitting the essence of faith. The author of this article makes an attempt to show the tasks that a religion teacher should fulfill as far as transmitting the essence of faith in school environment is concerned. Not only strategies of development and experiencing faith but also limitations and difficulties relating to it were mentioned. At first, the term „transmission of faith” was explained. Next, a short characterization of teaching religion at school was made. The basic tasks of religion teachers in transmitting the essence of faith were depicted in this context. Apart from catechetical activities directed at pupils, the attention was also paid to teaching staff, school staff and parents. This is because a religion teacher is qualified to have influence on all members of catechetical interaction in school environment. Finally, the most important, crucial to religion teaching and parish catechesis, open issues were described. They require further theoretical research and empirical verification. Searching the new model of catechetical priesthood is also essential.
Chow Room Salon Decoration is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Decoration Table Jetable Pas Chere is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
This is a Maxis Recolour which means that it is a recolour of an item that already exists in your game. Please check the Expansion pack requirements to see which game pack it recolours.
This custom content if it is not clothing, may require a seperate download to work properly. This is available at Colour Enable Package (CEP) by Numenor.
I'm currently dealing with the issues which arise from conflicts between the Seasons EP and my custom trees. And amidst the flashing blue chaos that is Pleasantview, I have been learning how to do new stuff. One of my first priorities has been to figure out how to make Seasons-compatible tree recolors. Echo posted a great tutorial showing how to make working clones of Seasons trees, and I've adapted her method to make working tree recolors.
So here is my first result. It's a recolor of the Japanese maple which gives the tree a leafier appearance and really makes it look quite different. As a recolor it's nothing special, but it changes correctly with the passing seasons.
4. CEP Required: The CEP is necessary for this download to work. Make sure that you have the newest version of the CEP installed. Get it here: The Official CEP Download.
If you don't have a Downloads folder, just make one. See instructions at: Game Help: No Downloads Folder.
Clean your garden regularly. Make sure that your garden is weeded on a regular basis. Also make sure to get rid of the dead plants. Dead plants house a lot of these insects that you don’t want in your garden. Cleaning your garden will also keep it looking healthy and beautiful.
Tip: Click on the Noblesse 15 manga image to go to the next page. You can use left and right keyboard keys to browse between pages.
Noblesse 15 released! You are now reading Noblesse 15 online. If you are bored from Noblesse manga, you can try surprise me link at top of page or select another manga like Noblesse 15 from our huge manga list.
the modell lyric seating chart & map atlanta concerts boston concerts chicago concerts dallas concerts denver concerts houston concerts las vegas lyric opera house seating chart seat map details lyric opera house seating chart & map the home lyric opera house tickets featuring interactive seating maps views from your seats and the st inventory tickets the web seatgeek is the safe lyric opera of chicago 233 s & 207 reviews 207 reviews of lyric opera of chicago "had a wonderful time at the lyric opera house for a detailed seating chart and "view from your seat" option
lyric opera house seating chart venue lyric opera of lyric opera house seating chart civic opera house lyric opera of chicago 211 s & 201 reviews lyric opera bel canto sydney lyric lyric opera of chicago civic opera house chicago il seating chart – house plan 2017 27 new chicago civic opera house seating chart lyric opera das rheingold lyric opera house 28 images 17 best images about
Lyric Opera House Seating Chart Venue lyric opera of from lyric opera of chicago seating chart , source:ayucar.com
Review The Second City Guide to the Opera Second City from lyric opera of chicago seating chart , source:chicagotheaterbeat.com
lyric opera ring up the curtain lyric opera house baltimore md the single la s tour lyric opera house seating chart venue lyric opera of lyric opera house seating chart civic opera house lyric opera of chicago 211 s & 201 reviews lyric opera bel canto sydney lyric lyric opera of chicago civic opera house chicago il seating chart – house plan 2017 27 new chicago civic opera house seating chart lyric opera das rheingold lyric opera house 28 images 17 best images about review the sound of music lyric opera of chicago lyric opera les troyens the trojans lyric opera "nabucco" – a really big show review the second city guide to the opera second city lyric opera nabucco lyric opera up ing events and lyric news for january 2017 show poster metropolitan opera
Tagged lyric opera, lyric opera at millennium park, lyric opera dining, lyric opera donation, lyric opera family day tickets, lyric opera faust, lyric opera house seats, lyric opera in chicago, lyric opera internship, lyric opera jesus christ, lyric opera jobs, lyric opera kansas city schedule, lyric opera orphee, lyric opera row nn, lyric opera ryan center, lyric opera tickets chicago, lyric opera turandot, lyric opera virginia, lyric opera walkure review 2017, lyric opera west side story
Understanding if events are random or have some underlying structure is a fascinating area of mathematics, filled with great discoveries. A Math Magic show with Mr. Math.
In the short run, chance may seem to be volatile and unfair. Considering the misconceptions, inconsistencies, paradoxes and counter intuitive aspects of probability, it is not a surprise that as a civilization it has taken us a long time to develop some methods to deal with this. In antiquity, chance mechanisms, such as coins, dice and cards were used for decision making and there was a strong belief in the fact that God or Gods controlled the outcome. Even today, some people see chance outcomes as fate or destiny – “that which was meant to be”
Review of SOWISO, a learning, practice and testing environment for higher education mathematics 05/05/2018
Our youth presenter, Mpho, spent some time at the Eskom Science Fair, which gave South African kids an opportunity to do science projects and experiment and ...
LDC Hotels & Resorts Groups owns a chain of hotels priding themselves on their innovation, culture and art. We managed our hotels with a focus on attitude, speed and attention to detail, and we aim to provide our customers with elegant, warm and thoughtful service to ensure each of our guests enjoys a perfect holiday. The logo of the Maison de Chine uses laurels to symbolise victory, Chinese tree peonies to symbolise luxury with the three peonies forming the three sections of the second character in the name, the m-shaped dragon embellishments are reminiscent of the curved handles on fine Shang Dynasty jade sculptures, and the trophy surrounding them represents the elegence of Chinese architecture melded with French comfort. We want to give pleasure to our guests and hope that our mix of East and West cultures make our guests feel at home.
This website intends to use cookies to improve the site and your experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to accept our use of cookies. If you require further information and/or do not wish to have cookies placed when using the site, visit About Cookies page.
Want to begin this article with a sad note: at the end of August my actual company decided to downsize and to change its location, and am among the laid-offs, so right now most of my effort in front of this keyboard goes in finding a new job in order to pay the bills and keep the apartment; hope to be able to dedicate time to my advocacy back soon (that of course means i will be employed): please cross your fingers...
The month of October looks like has been a bit unfortunate for this blog: several times, trying to look at the content, i was greeten from a white page: by the way the black-out (or white-out i might say) affects almost all the ilcannocchiale blogs: it is the second time that I sent notification to the webmasters about this and lately am starting to consider to move this blog in a more affordable platform, maybe even self-hosted.
But let's go back and talk about AROS. Right now the most important news in AROS front are the following ones:
As said last august, Krysztof "Deadwood" Smiechowicz ported version 7.5 of MESA to AROS, for now in software rendering mode only. Latter in the month he also ported GLU,GLUT and added a revised version of SDL that can use MESA. The addition of MESA as library allowed people, especially Matthias "Mazze" Ruster to port some new games on AROS; among the contributions we have now Block Out II, a 3d Tetris clone, Abuse, a well-known platform game, a first attempt to port Open Red Alert (that later has been removed due to a bad bug in the upstream that prevent enemy AI to operate), 3d Pool Billiard (running kinda slow due to the software renderer, kinda playable if you keep the window at stamp size).
September news is that Deadwood decided to accept the Gallium 3d Bounty. Krysztof already started to meddle with Gallium 3d at the time of the MESA port; he started getting decent results, as seen in this movie here on youtube. Following those embrionic attempts, Deadwood compiled a version of GLExcess that includes the nVidia Gallium driver and, compared to the old software-only compilation, the difference is really remarkable.
The latest additions to the already rich porting gallery of Deadwood are the OpenAL/alut/ogg/vorbis libraries. Those libraries, as said from deadwood itself in AROS-exec, are used in several open source games to provide the sound experience; their porting will open the door, together with the perfecitoning of MESA and Gallium, to porting some open source 3d games, such as Warzone 2100, AssaultCube and Cube2; and is known the plan to use the hardware acceleration together with Cairo in order to improve Wanderer responsivity and performance, but as far as i know is all still related to Deadwood progresses.
Talking about 3d and Mesa, last month the e-zine The Vague came out for AROS using the last MESA port of Deadwood; e-zines are well known to amiga users thanks to the demoscene; though i was hardly been a follower, remember an Italian one made called Infamia - at the time even Tadsince1995 used to cooperate with it as coder - and reminding the experience I started The Vague. The AROS version is in the same .lha archive with the Amiga PPC and Morphos version; once double clicked the icon a requester ask to start either in full-screen (for 640x480 resolution) or windowed (as i started it being in qemu at 800x600x24 resolution) ,whether to use sound effects and the music replay rate. Nikos posted a youtube video of The Vague running on AROS here.
Its been exciting to see some good demoscene art and nice music on AROS: i liked The Vague and am waiting for further numbers, and possibly even more e-zines and (why not?) some AROS demos too :)
Last August the code of the Poseidon stack finally got released under APL and built together with the nightly builds, making so complete the Poseidon Bounty, the so far most contributed bounty in AROS history. I tried the stack on my old laptop, where a known incompatibility with the USB SIS controller so far occured, with November 12 nightly the USB devices are still not recognized, by the way. Once i find a way to download OWB from the nightly (writing the URL and then use wget to download it seems a good one), will post the dump of PCItool from my old laptop in order to help the debug.
Icaros 1.1.6 is already on the works but, since this blog post is kinda late, let me talk about the version 1.1.5, that I tried both as iso image on qemu and as live CD on the old laptop. So grub worked fine, but when I tried to select my sis900 network card with DHCP form the network control panel and press the "use" button in order to test OWB performance, the system froze hard. Everytime.
In defense of the network control panel, by the way, doing the same with the latest nightly worked pretty fine, apart the missing OWB in the nightly - beside an OWB folder and a OWB icon in extras/networking - for don't know what reason; i understand that OWB cannot be added to the nightly both for weight and license issues but my personal suggestionis to replace the actual useless directory with a script that might download the latest version on RAM, for new installs.
And, talking about OWB, our Stanislaw Szymczyk , after a while where he took a pause from AROS development, released another new version of OWB. The Version 0.9.9 is downloadable, as usual, from the sand-labs web site and this time introduces, beside the usual flattening of several bugs, a loader, called StartOWB, that uses the artwork made by michaels and helps to track the long first loading (caused by the fontConfig cache building); beside that, now the main application menus are finally available with the right mouse button as for every other AROS application, giving it a standard interface. As far as i know, the AREXX port in OWB is still missing, but hope Stanislaw will fix this soon.
And then let's talk once more about the hidden hero of AROS, Matthias "mazze" Rustler: most of the software used on AROS has been ported by mazze, starting form several games (, then the unfinished port of Ignition Spreadsheet (that i still hope one day will be finished), LUA and its extensions, zulu and siAmiga - that are providing the base ground for several utilities, panels and give easy way for beginner programmers (like me) to produce something in AROS: the last fatigue of Mazze is the porting of Scout, the famous low-level tool for manage tasks under Amiga OS; undoubtely this might help to get rid of some annoying freeze of some shell windows or commodities, though for the well known lack of protected memory on Amiga OSes is still better to reboot the system as fast as possible.
Going further, any AROS user had to deal with the well known problems with our version of Dopus: despite being invaluable for file management, it has strong issues with advanced operations, such as extracting files, viewing pictures, even personalising buttons; this is due to the fact that this dopus port is pretty old (from 2000, if i remember clearly): now a new bounty has been introduced in Power2people.org, for the port of the latest version of Dopus actually for Amiga OS-4 only; the bounty has been accepted by Neil Cafferkey and hope will improve this invaluable tool.
Last September once again Pianeta Amiga was held in Empoli, despite the fact that this year was held only at Saturday and the flow of people is really at its own minimum. This Year AROS was highly represented from, as usual Paolo Besser and, straight from the United Kingdom, Steven jones that brought its iMica platform. But here is the outcome according to Paolo Besser:
Thanks to Enrico Vitali and other well-known people of the italian Amiga community, the event has been amusing and interesting, but... well, I can't hide the mixture of bitter sweet feelings that left me only half happy. The good news, at least for Icaros Desktop, is that every visitor of the fair had the chance to see it in action, and most of them stopped at my table, asking for more informations or to see some demostration. I've also got many congratulations and many thanks for the effort, asking me for keeping up "the good job", but the bad news about all this, is that Pianeta Amiga this year lacked of visitors. Numbers had been fairly low (I've personally counted about 100 visitors) and the exhibitors themeselves were a tiny group that could comfortably stay in less space than the half area of the Palaesposizioni reserved to the event. "In the good old days you could see a crowd of people making long tails in front of the ticket booth - said Enrico while we were taking something to eat at noon - but today...", unluckily today's Pianeta Amiga loosely reflects the situation of the whole Amiga market. A tiny, fragile community which is hardly trying to keep its platform alive, even if the interest decreases a little more every year, and even if the whole IT market has completely forgotten the Amiga. So we have to thanks ACube, VirtualWorks, AmigaKit.com and everyone else that still persists, and spends money every year to organize a event which has just become a symbol, a tradition for the community, but which is practically perceived like a hobby, a nice meeting day with other people who share the same passion, even by people who professionally operate in the Amiga business.
It is sad for me to hear that despite the good news in the Amiga market (the SAM availability last year, the MorphOS on Mac Mini, icaros, iMica, Ares one, the settlement of the Amiga-Hyperion cause,etc., one of the last Amiga events is gone so unnoticed; despite my hopes, i think it is realistic that next year Pianeta Amiga might not be hold, if this is the trend; of course i expect thngs to change, but who knows....
Frustrations and disillusionment might hit even die-hard supporters. Many of the Aros-exec usual lurkers know Nikos: beside being a strong fan of the platform he is also one of the testers and one of the main bounty contributors ever, but in this thread he say that decided to take a leave from AROS, disappointed from the apparent lack of progresses, especially in the hardware acceleration section. By the way this happened just before Deadwood released its new MESA port and announced the start of the Gallium3d Bounty. The community reaction has been something you will rarely see in other open osurce community: almost everybody sent its own comment to nikos (including myself) expressing support; that convinced him to stay and luckilly for him, the new results on AROS seems to keep him busy...
Another AROS-friendly machine recently surfaced: provided by Pascal "Phoenixkonsole" Papara, the ARES one is an AMD Athlon x2 powered machine provided in a small tower case, bigger in size than Steven's Atom powered iMica; the graphic card is a performing nvidia GeForce 7200 with 256 megabytes DDR2 video RAM; phoenixconsole expects support from Gallium3d in order to enhance 3d capabilities; the machine hosts 1 gigabyte 800mhz DDR2 RAM (can be expanded up to 8 gigs) and can host up to four 5,25" devices; has a DVD/RW drive and a 3,5" floppy drive (foreseeing a catweasel support); it has a SoundBlaster Live as sound card and the network card is a Realtek RTL8139d that has a RTL8139 family chip and, quite interestingly, just today Hitchhikr released an rtl8169.device driver that in theory should support it. Paolone had occasion to test it with its Aspire One netbook and said it works nicely, adding another device to the netbook puzzle (right now still wireless and sound are unsupported on Aspire One).
Phoenixkonsole also plans to put in bundle with Ares One Icaros Desktop and a suite of programs for AROS including: the registered version of FryingPan and the incoming AROS Port of Cinnamon Writer: the latter one fills another software gap under AROS, presenting the first Word Processor available for the platform.
Now, if only Ignition port were finished we surely might had a decent AROS base office suite, together with MuiBase; the actual problem in finishing Ignition is non trivial. According to mazze itself in this thread on AROS-exec, it is depending from the actual order of "struct node":
Problem is that AROS has the elements of "struct Node" wrong on X86. This is supposed to be fixed with ABI V1. Unfortunately, Ignition makes *heavy* use of linked lists.
-fixing list handling in Ignition which would be a lot of work which wouldn't be any longer necessary when V1 is out
-compiling me a version of AROS with the right order of Node. I could continue porting but I couldn't release the result until V1 is out.
Further in the thread, phoenixconsole ask for how long might still take to Staf Verhaegen to finish the ABI 1.1; Staf's answer does not look too encouraging:
If I don't get help months to years from now. Problem seems to be that for being able to work on ABI V1 you need very good knowledge of AROS internals, Amiga OS internals and low level programming. It seems it is difficult to find people that have these capabilities and want to do it as their hobby activity. Additionally no glory or money can currently be gained by it.!!!
Staf is quite right: actually very few people have the required knowledge to help him in fix the ABI, and the actual AROS documentation, that should help provide that kind of knowledge is still kinda incomplete: lately even the quite famous "Linux lady" Carla Schroeder wrote two articles about the importance of documentation in Linux magazine: they can be found here and here, hoping to give guidelines for the actual coders, and maybe some non-coder to help therm in write it.
Simone "samo" Bevilacqua finally ported BOH to AROS, and it behave nicely even under qemu! BOH is one of the new generation commercial software available on the Amiga platforms (a little but, considered the platform diffusion, important avantguarde of a hopefully bigger production that include even Cinnamon Writer itself) and has been prepared for all the Amiga platforms so far: os 4, morphos and now even AROS. Despite some gitches with the sound due to the SDL libraries (and i expect things to imnprove thanks to the recent Deadwood work), the game runs fine even on qemu.
This coming year, God and Cash willing, is my intention to attend once more the Southern California Linux Expo in Los Angeles; will introduce the new features of AROS, the Icaros distribution, the new software and, if possible, even a native AROS box. Will write more about it soon; just mind that if somebody want to help me next february can get in touch with me at the email on the right side of the blog - the Get in Touch with Simone Bernacchia link, that I will repeat here, just remember to replace the sentences between square brackets.
#1: A Moment of Silence for the Ability to Reason by Mark Daniel Fossey – Broadjam Jazz Music from Broadjam.com
Author Broadjam.com Jazz Top 10Posted on August 16, 2018 Tags broadjam, charts, licensing, music, reviews, songs, top ten
Zumba Fitness and health tips 6.45-7.30pm Contact Sue Sue also does a later session every Monday 7.45-8.45pm
Zumba Fitness and health tips 7.45-8.45pm Contact Sue Sue also does an early session every Monday 6.45pm-7.30pm
There are lots of suitable toys for most toddlers that can be enjoyed in two large halls. Every week there is a story, singing and light refreshments. There are also Christmas parties and occasional craft activities. Parents come from[...]
In the same way, the Spirit helps us in our weakness. We do not know what we ought to pray for, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us through wordless groans.
Dental cleaning is the removal of dental plaque(a soft, sticky, bacteria infested film) and tartar(calculus) from the teeth. Dental cleanings are necessary to prevent cavities, gingivitis, and gum disease. If left untreated, severe gum disease can result in tooth loss. Cleaning and polishing of the teeth leaves the surfaces of the teeth clean and smooth so that bacteria are unable to stick to them.
The dental hygienist or dentist will use specialized instruments to gently remove these deposits without harming the teeth.A First, the dental hygienist will use an ultrasonic device that emits vibrations to knock larger pieces of tartar loose. The ultrasonic device sprays a cooling mist of water while it works to wash away debris and keep the area at a comfortable temperature. Next, hand tools called scalers and curettes are used to manually remove smaller deposits and smooth the tooth surfaces. These tools are curved and shaped to match the curves of the teeth. Once all the tooth surfaces have been cleaned of tartar and plaque, the teeth are polished using a slow speed hand piece with a soft rubber cup that spins on the end. Prophylaxis paste which is a special gritty toothpaste-like material - is applied to the teeth to make them shiny and smooth. Your dental hygienist or dentist may also apply fluoride to the teeth to help strengthen the tooth enamel.
DVD players for sale ads on online car boot sale in Bromley, second hand DVD players for sale in Bromley, DVD players ads for free in Bromley, 2lazy2boot - Bromley car boot fairs
Listed below are DVD players items for you to car boot sale online here that you will find available in Bromley.
If you cannot find the DVD players items that you are looking for in Bromley you can add your wanted item to let sellers contact you if they have any DVD players items available for you. You can keep your contact information confidential. Enter only an email address in your car boot sale ad to receive offers into your account on our system. We will remind you automatically when new offers arrive for you.
To offer your items for sale on this online car boot sale in Bromley simply click Post free ads for DVD players link below or the button Post free ad in top right corner of this page. It is fast, easy and free to post an ad in 2lazy2boot. It will take you just few minutes to have the ad seen on our listings. You can then edit your ads any time by clicking “Member area" button on top right corner of this page.
It seems that there are no DVD players items for sale in Bromley but keep looking new items are posted daily.
You could be the first to sell DVD players in Bromley so your item will come to the top and be seen first. So do not waste your time post your ad now.
Well here you go. Good luck with your on line car boot sale in Bromley. We hope you have some success and find buyers/sellers that you are looking for in DVD players .
Don’ t forget to comment any successes in selling your DVD players items in Bromley to our valuation window and report forum!
Bromley car boot sale. DVD players for sale ads on online car boot sale in Bromley, second hand DVD players for sale in Bromley, DVD players ads for free in Bromley, 2lazy2boot - Bromley car boot fairs.
Applicable for all skins, whilst also invigorating, detoxifying, hydrating, and giving the skin an illuminating radiance.
The article presents the phenomenon of the cities advertising slogan serving as a complementary means of communication and acompagning the city names (urbonyms) and having metadenominative function. The collected promoting slogans of Polish cities were submitted to reflection on the basis of 10 exponents of pragmatic interpretation. The perlocutive effect of such kind of slogans was proved, concentrating mainly on the transition of cultural information regarding the denominative object. The additional structural analysis proves that the pragmatic implication of the city slogans is largely influenced by the lexical form given to them.
Dev of the Week: Lukas Eder | Javalobby: "Creating a company around the project that has filled me with passion for the last four years has to be the best decision of my life. Ever since, I've met so many interesting people doing interesting things, inspiring me, letting me inspire them. I hope this intro about me will convince at least one or two other developers out there to pursue their dreams. "
grizzy and the lemmings remote control Drone Delivery Concept Thanks to DStv Now, there will be no more fights for the remote to watch your favourite
concept, control, delivery, Drone, DStv, favourite, fights, grizzy, lemmings, more, remote, thanks, there, watch
Children’s health includes physical, mental and social well-being. As parents, part of our job is to instill healthy habits in our children whilst they are still young. This includes the right discussions about healthy choices, the right diet, and the right supplements to make up for dietary deficiencies.
Proper nutrition is crucial for children because it is directly linked to all aspects of their growth and development, which will by extension, determine their overall health as then grow into adults. Nutritional deficiencies can lead to problems with muscle growth, bone development, or an overall weakened immune system, amongst other things.
You should not grow desperate if you have lost your license plate UE. With the help of our online partnership, you can get it back.
How is it possible? We possess a special tool, which compiles different posts about findings of lost registered numbers UE.They are left by kind citizens who find somebody’s license plates and share information about such findings. In such way, you should simply visit our online resource and seek for your loss.
(February 2010) Enlarge Full size replica of the Pioneer submarine (February 2010) Enlarge Pioneer interpretive sign
Site Marker C.S. Cumming's Brigade: Stevenson's Division; Army of Vicksburg. Two pieces of artillery, kind and caliber unknown, were served in this work from May 18 to the end of the defense, July 4, 1863. Probably by a detachment of either Guibor's, Landis, or Wade's Battery
Site Marker: C.S. Company C. Pointe Coupee Artillery: Stevenson's Division: Army of Vicksburg. Capt. Alexander Chust. The company was engaged in the Battle of Champion's Hill, May 16, attached to Loring's Division. At the close of that battle it fell back with the army to Vicksburg and served two 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers in this position from May 18 to the end of the defense, July 4, 1863
Site Marker: C.S. Company B. 22d Louisiana: River Batteries: Army of Vicksburg. Capt. J. P. Morlot. A detachment of the company under Lieut. George H. Tardy served one 6-pounder gun in this position from May 18 to the end of the defense, July 4, 1863
(3-97) Headquarters of Confederate Maj. General Martin L. Smith. Vicksburg Fire Department Sub-Station, north of the Old Court House Museum
If you have a child in need of a new prosthesis or whose current prosthesis needs an upgrade or maintenance, BioMetrics can help. Our ABC certified clinicians have extensive experience dealing with young people and their families. We understand that trust is a key component in allowing children to successfully transition to a prosthesis. The process can be challenging so we emphasize a team approach by welcoming all family members who will be participating in the care of the prosthesis and the overall rehabilitation process.
We encourage you to contact us to schedule a free initial consultation. You’ll see first hand that we will provide your child with the best possible care.
jMoby contains libraries for Java developers, and it also contains ready-to-use clients for any Biomoby users, allowing access to Biomoby registries and to Biomoby services)
MOBY contains libraries for PERL developers, libraries for hosting a registry and it also contains ready-to-use clients for any Biomoby users, allowing access to Biomoby registries and to Biomoby services).
MOBY-Client contains libraries for Perl developers, and it also contains ready-to-use clients for any Biomoby users, allowing access to Biomoby registries and to Biomoby services).
URI: http://moby.ucalgary.ca/MOBY/Central YES A curated public registry hosted at the SUN Centre of Excellence, Calgary Policy: open, non-test registry. Test services may be deleted at any time.
URI: http://mobytest.biordf.net/MOBY/Central YES A full-featured registry for testing your code or pre-registering a service or whatever you wish. The codebase is generally kept up-to-date relative to the "real" registry, but the ontologies are not, so ontology nodes that you need might not be there and you will have to register them. For testing purposes only. No guarantee of stability of any kind.
For parents: Protect your child from adult content, please enter following sites to block access to our site: NetNanny | CyberPatrol
Disclaimer: We have a zero tolerance policy against any illegal pornography. All links, videos and images are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these sites. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
More houses have Net access than cable. That, my friends, should be a wake up call. This Internet thing has a lot of potential we haven’t realized yet. So get to work.
Fermat’s Last Theorem — the idea that a certain simple equation had no solutions — went unsolved for nearly 350 years until Oxford mathematician Andrew Wiles created a proof in 1995. Now, Case Western Reserve Univ.’s Colin McLarty has shown the theorem can be proved more simply.
The theorem is called Pierre de Fermat’s last because, of his many conjectures, it was the last and longest to be unverified.
In 1630, Fermat wrote in the margin of an old Greek mathematics book that he could demonstrate that no integers (whole numbers) can make the equation xn + yn = zn true if n is greater than 2.
He also wrote that he didn’t have space in the margin to show the proof. Whether Fermat could prove his theorem or not is up to debate, but the problem became the most famous in mathematics. Generation after generation of mathematicians tried and failed to find a proof.
So, when Wiles broke through in 1995, “It was just shocking to a lot of us that it could be proved,” McLarty, says. “And we thought, ‘Now what?’ There was no new most famous problem.”
McLarty is a Case Western Reserve philosophy professor who specializes in logic and earned his undergraduate degree in mathematics. He hasn’t developed a proof for Fermat, but has shown that the theorem can be proved with much less set theory than Wiles used.
Wiles relied on his own deep insight into numbers and works of others — including Alexander Grothendieck — to devise his 110-page proof and subsequent corrections.
Grothendieck revolutionized numbers theory, rebuilding algebraic geometry in the 1960s and 1970s. He used strong assumptions to support abstract ideas, including the idea of the existence of a universe of sets so large that standard set theory cannot prove they exist. Standard set theory is comprised of the most commonly used principals, or axioms, that mathematicians use.
McLarty calls Grothendieck’s work “a toolkit,” and showed, at the Joint Mathematics Meetings in San Diego in January, that only a small portion is needed to prove Fermat’s Last Theorem.
“Most number theorists are like race car drivers. They get the best out of the car but they don't build the whole car," McLarty says. “Grothendieck created a toolkit to build cars from scratch.”
“Where Grothendieck used strong set theory I’ve shown he could do with only a fraction of it,” McLarty says. “I use finite-order arithmetic, where all sets are built from numbers in just a few steps. You don’t need sets of sets of numbers, which Grothendieck used in his toolkit and Andrew Wiles used to prove the theorem in the 90s.”
McLarty showed that all of Grothendieck's ideas, even the most abstract, can be justified using very little set theory — much less than standard set theory. Specifically, they can be justified using "finite order arithmetic." This uses numbers and sets of numbers and set of those and so on, but much less than standard set theory.
“I appreciate the wholeness of the foundation Grothedieck created,” McLarty says. “I want to take the whole thing and make it more usable to practicing mathematicians.”
Mathematician Harvey Friedman, who famously earned his undergraduate, master’s and PhD from MIT in three years and began teaching at Stanford Univ. at age 18, calls the work a “clarifying first step,” ScienceNews reports. Friedman, now an emeritus mathematics professor at Ohio State Univ., calls for McLarty’s work to be extended to see if the theorem can be proved by numbers alone, with no sets involved.
“Fermat's Last Theorem is just about numbers, so it seems like we ought to be able to prove it by just talking about numbers,” McLarty says. “I believe that can be done, but it will require many new insights into numbers. It will be very hard. Harvey sees my work as a preliminary step to that, and I agree it is.”
McLarty will talk more about that specific result at the Association for Symbolic Logic North American Annual Meeting in Waterloo, Ontario, May 8-11.
Tadalafil relaxes muscles and increases blood flow to particular areas of the body. Tadalafil under the name of Cialis is used to treat erectile dysfunction (impotence) and symptoms of benign prostatic hypertrophy (enlarged prostate). Another brand of tadalafil is Adcirca, which is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension and improve exercise capacity in men and women. Do not take Cialis while also taking Adcirca, unless your doctor tells you to.
Cuties with Whips: The girls have a good old time with this poor boy, whipping him at will and not really caring much when he falls to the floor from the pain. It’s all just pure entertainment to these cuties, they could care less about their male slave's suffering.
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Learn more here.Close Me
The National Labor Relations Board's ("NLRB") General Counsel's Office has again signaled its commitment to expanding the scope of the current test for joint employment. In a move that could have implications for a broad array of franchise relationships, on December 19, 2014, the General Counsel of the NLRB announced that it has issued complaints against both McDonald's franchisees and McDonald's USA, the franchisor, as a joint employer. The decision to name McDonald's as a respondent is consistent with the General Counsel's recent advocacy that the current joint employment standard is too narrow.
As this blog reported back in May 2014, the NLRB asked for amicus briefs in Browning-Ferris Indus. of California, Inc., Case 32-RC-109684 (May 12, 2014), to address whether the Board should maintain the existing joint employment test, or expand it. Although the Board has not yet decided that case or whether to expand the current standard, the General Counsel's amicus brief argued that the Board should not adhere to the current joint-employment standard because it is inconsistent with the principles behind the National Labor Relations Act.
According to the General Counsel, the Board should abandon the test in which the essential element is whether a putative joint employer's control over employment matters is "direct and immediate," and in which the Board looks to the actual practice of the parties – as opposed to potential, contractually retained control. The General Counsel also urges the Board to eschew the current standard's requirement that a joint employer exercise "substantial" instead of merely "limited and routine" control over employees.
The General Counsel's position is that joint-employment status should be determined based on the totality of the circumstances, "including the way the separate entities have structured their commercial relationship" to determine whether the putative joint employer "wields sufficient influence over the working conditions of the other entity's employees such that meaningful bargaining could not occur in its absence." As if this new proposed standard were not nebulous enough to make it difficult for companies to determine their joint-employer status, the General Counsel also argues that indirect control and even "potential control" should be deemed enough to meet the new joint-employment standard.
It is likely that the General Counsel will continue to advance these positions in the complaints against McDonald's. An adoption of this new standard by the Board, or any new broader standard, will likely impact other franchisors and potential joint employers. Franchisors should consider consulting with counsel about their franchise agreements and the current structure of their relationships with franchisees.
The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.
Orrick’s Global Japan Practice is hosting a series of “Orrick Library” seminars to explore legal issues in various fields in Japan as well as the United States, Asia and Europe.
Jay Jurata, leader of Orrick’s Antitrust and Competition Group and partner in the Washington D.C. office, will discuss recent developments affecting SEP (Standard-Essential Patent) and FRAND (Fair, Reasonable And Non-Discriminatory terms and conditions) and practical strategies in resolving SEP/FRAND disputes, live from the Tokyo office.
We are now 6 months into this groundbreaking new law which has significant impact on businesses in and outside the EU.
Clearly, given the significant volume of sensitive personal data processed, HR functions must take center stage as this new law bites.
Over the last decade, a new phenomenon in the sports law arena has emerged: from improper drug dispensing to traumatic brain injury to publicity rights, class actions have become a popular vehicle for litigating sports-related claims.
This webinar will discuss the recent trend of these sports-related class action cases, including class certification issues, judicial trends, and federal labor laws, now spanning collegiate and professional sports nationwide, and even trickling into high school and youth level athletics.
Buyers Beware: Sixth Circuit Holds That Asset Purchaser Can Be Sued For Predecessor's Unpaid Pension Liability
In a typical asset sale transaction, the purchaser takes great care to disclaim any responsibility for the seller's business debts.
A federal appeals court recently upheld a half-million dollar verdict against a small Chicago retailer after it concluded that a male employee was the victim of sex discrimination.
On October 15, 2017, the #MeToo movement began in earnest following a tweet by actress Alyssa Milano. To commemorate the one-year anniversary of the #MeToo movement, the Orrick Employment Law...
With Election Day fast approaching, now is the time for employers to ensure they are in compliance with applicable laws relating to voting leave for employees.
Have you thought about your COBRA notices recently? Of course not, because COBRA notices don't warrant your valuable time.
This service is completely free. Access 250,000 archived articles from 100+ countries and get a personalised email twice a week covering developments (and yes, our lawyers like to think you’ve read our Disclaimer).
CEO, Owner, Chairman, President, Mng Director Director, Vice President, Senior Company Executive Inhouse Counsel, Lawyer in Company/Government CFO/FD, Inhouse Accountant, Treasurer Corporate/Company Secretary, Compliance Officer Lawyer in Law Firm, Private Practice, Barrister Consultant, Accountant in Accountancy Firm, Practicing Accountant Banker, Stockbroker, Analyst, Economist Marketing, Business Development Editor, Journalist, Researcher IS/IT Student, Academic HR Please Select Position
Mondaq Ltd requires you to register and provide information that personally identifies you, including your content preferences, for three primary purposes (full details of Mondaq’s use of your personal data can be found in our Privacy and Cookies Notice):
To allow you to personalize the Mondaq websites you are visiting to show content ("Content") relevant to your interests.
To enable features such as password reminder, news alerts, email a colleague, and linking from Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) to your website.
Mondaq hopes that our registered users will support us in maintaining our free to view business model by consenting to our use of your personal data as described below.
Mondaq has a "free to view" business model. Our services are paid for by Contributors in exchange for Mondaq providing them with access to information about who accesses their content. Once personal data is transferred to our Contributors they become a data controller of this personal data. They use it to measure the response that their articles are receiving, as a form of market research. They may also use it to provide Mondaq users with information about their products and services.
Details of each Contributor to which your personal data will be transferred is clearly stated within the Content that you access. For full details of how this Contributor will use your personal data, you should review the Contributor’s own Privacy Notice.
Yes, I am happy to support Mondaq in maintaining its free to view business model by agreeing to allow Mondaq to share my personal data with Contributors whose Content I access
Also please let us know whether you are happy to receive communications promoting products and services offered by Mondaq:
Mondaq.com (the Website) is owned and managed by Mondaq Ltd (Mondaq). Mondaq grants you a non-exclusive, revocable licence to access the Website and associated services, such as the Mondaq News Alerts (Services), subject to and in consideration of your compliance with the following terms and conditions of use (Terms). Your use of the Website and/or Services constitutes your agreement to the Terms. Mondaq may terminate your use of the Website and Services if you are in breach of these Terms or if Mondaq decides to terminate the licence granted hereunder for any reason whatsoever.
To Use Mondaq.com you must be: eighteen (18) years old or over; legally capable of entering into binding contracts; and not in any way prohibited by the applicable law to enter into these Terms in the jurisdiction which you are currently located.
You may use the Website as an unregistered user, however, you are required to register as a user if you wish to read the full text of the Content or to receive the Services.
You may not modify, publish, transmit, transfer or sell, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, link, display, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part, except as expressly permitted in these Terms or with the prior written consent of Mondaq. You may not use electronic or other means to extract details or information from the Content. Nor shall you extract information about users or Contributors in order to offer them any services or products.
In your use of the Website and/or Services you shall: comply with all applicable laws, regulations, directives and legislations which apply to your Use of the Website and/or Services in whatever country you are physically located including without limitation any and all consumer law, export control laws and regulations; provide to us true, correct and accurate information and promptly inform us in the event that any information that you have provided to us changes or becomes inaccurate; notify Mondaq immediately of any circumstances where you have reason to believe that any Intellectual Property Rights or any other rights of any third party may have been infringed; co-operate with reasonable security or other checks or requests for information made by Mondaq from time to time; and at all times be fully liable for the breach of any of these Terms by a third party using your login details to access the Website and/or Services
however, you shall not: do anything likely to impair, interfere with or damage or cause harm or distress to any persons, or the network; do anything that will infringe any Intellectual Property Rights or other rights of Mondaq or any third party; or use the Website, Services and/or Content otherwise than in accordance with these Terms; use any trade marks or service marks of Mondaq or the Contributors, or do anything which may be seen to take unfair advantage of the reputation and goodwill of Mondaq or the Contributors, or the Website, Services and/or Content.
Mondaq reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to take any action that it deems necessary and appropriate in the event it considers that there is a breach or threatened breach of the Terms.
Unless otherwise expressly set out to the contrary, nothing in these Terms shall serve to transfer from Mondaq to you, any Intellectual Property Rights owned by and/or licensed to Mondaq and all rights, title and interest in and to such Intellectual Property Rights will remain exclusively with Mondaq and/or its licensors.
Mondaq shall use its reasonable endeavours to make the Website and Services available to you at all times, but we cannot guarantee an uninterrupted and fault free service.
Mondaq reserves the right to make changes to the services and/or the Website or part thereof, from time to time, and we may add, remove, modify and/or vary any elements of features and functionalities of the Website or the services.
Mondaq also reserves the right from time to time to monitor your Use of the Website and/or services.
The Content is general information only. It is not intended to constitute legal advice or seek to be the complete and comprehensive statement of the law, nor is it intended to address your specific requirements or provide advice on which reliance should be placed. Mondaq and/or its Contributors and other suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the Content for any purpose. All Content provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Mondaq and/or its Contributors and other suppliers hereby exclude and disclaim all representations, warranties or guarantees with regard to the Content, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Mondaq expressly excludes all representations, warranties, obligations, and liabilities arising out of or in connection with all Content. In no event shall Mondaq and/or its respective suppliers be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use of the Content or performance of Mondaq’s Services.
Mondaq may alter or amend these Terms by amending them on the Website. By continuing to Use the Services and/or the Website after such amendment, you will be deemed to have accepted any amendment to these Terms.
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales to settle any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with these Terms. If you live outside the United Kingdom, English law shall apply only to the extent that English law shall not deprive you of any legal protection accorded in accordance with the law of the place where you are habitually resident ("Local Law"). In the event English law deprives you of any legal protection which is accorded to you under Local Law, then these terms shall be governed by Local Law and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts where you are habitually resident.
You may print and keep a copy of these Terms, which form the entire agreement between you and Mondaq and supersede any other communications or advertising in respect of the Service and/or the Website.
No delay in exercising or non-exercise by you and/or Mondaq of any of its rights under or in connection with these Terms shall operate as a waiver or release of each of your or Mondaq’s right. Rather, any such waiver or release must be specifically granted in writing signed by the party granting it.
If any part of these Terms is held unenforceable, that part shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to give effect to the intent of the parties, and the Terms shall continue in full force and effect.
Mondaq shall not incur any liability to you on account of any loss or damage resulting from any delay or failure to perform all or any part of these Terms if such delay or failure is caused, in whole or in part, by events, occurrences, or causes beyond the control of Mondaq. Such events, occurrences or causes will include, without limitation, acts of God, strikes, lockouts, server and network failure, riots, acts of war, earthquakes, fire and explosions.
Money Smart KC"s new website offers easy access to everything financial. Whether you need to improve your credit, find emergency services, save for retirement or budget for your next big purchase, you’ll find it here.
Discover links to local and national experts, access to live support, events/classes near you and much more for providers AND consumers. Explore our website to find tips and tools on a variety of topics to help you manage and grow your money.
Disclaimer: The information provided herein is provided without charge to either the recipient or the organizations discussed. No effort has been made to verify the reliability, legality or accuracy of any information provided by any of the organizations linked, and any views expressed by those organizations are exclusively their own. Visitors to linked web sites should assume responsibility for procedures to protect themselves from viruses, worms, and other malware.
next time you go buy groceries, make sure to bring a shopping list. you'll save more when you stick to that list instead of grabbing everything nice you see on the shelves.
*Lamp life results will vary depending on environmental conditions and usage. Actual product's features and specifications are subject to change without notice.
Celebrate Youth Art month by viewing an energetic display of artwork by the students of 11 surrounding schools.
Matt Wilhelm performs amazing BMX bike stunts while speaking about bullying, perseverance, bike safety and character.
Roofers construct as well as repair roofings on all kinds of structures. The tasks could range from stripping as well as re- slating a roof on a domestic home to working with restoration of historic structures or being entailed with a brand-new commercial growth.
The primary aspects of a work consist of stripping off (where suitable) the existing cincinnati roofing and also examining the underlying structure is audio, for example roofing system lumbers; computing surface areas to be covered and quantities of products needed; when it comes to slating – re-sizing, reducing and re-holing of slates; with felt roof – dealing with harmful products such as molten asphalt; re- covering the roofing system area as well as rounding off with mortar or artificial sealants to make sure the roof is water tight.
One method to end up being a roofer is to educate as a pupil, which typically takes 3 years. You will typically find out a mix of classroom-based concept and on-the-job sensible skills consisting of the best ways to pick the appropriate roof covering materials, handle high quality as well as usage different roof covering methods. You will certainly deal with demo tasks while being strictly supervised by a well-experienced roofing professional
More abilities usually include reading and also recognize strategies, fundamental carpentry and also great spoken communication. The work could involve a great deal of lifting as well as delivering heavy materials into the tops of structures and also homes, so you should be fit and agile. You must additionally have the ability to function well as part of a team
Roofing companies Cincinnati made an ordinary $18.54 each hour, or $38,570 each year, as of Might 2011, according to the Bureau of Labor Stats. The highest paid made more than $28.89 per hr or $60,090 per year, though wages could fall below $10.79 each hour or $22,430 annually. Roofers could discover their trade with an official apprenticeship that takes 3 years as well as includes classroom instruction and paid on-the-job experience.
Such programs call for a minimum age of 18, a secondary school diploma and the physical capability to do the job. Others learn their skills informally, on the job, by starting as contractor’s helpers. These helpers earned a mean wage of $11.99 per hr, or $24,930 each year.
For pay, first with average wages of $24.65 per hour, or $51,280 per year, adhered to by Massachusetts, with mean earnings at $24.10 each hour, or $50,120 per year. In metropolitan areas, Chicago showed the highest work with 3 percent of the tasks at an ordinary wage of $24.42 per hour, or $50,800 annually. Rockford, Illinois, topped the compensation checklist with methods at $32.57 per hr or $67,740 per year.
Gutter installation Cincinnati job 40 hours a week, however this differs when target dates have to be met. Roofing professionals function mostly outdoors as well as at elevations, using ladders and also scaffolding. The work is physically requiring and also contractors need to operate in chilly, dirty and also windy problems. Similarly, during the summer season, roofs could obtain very hot as warmth is mirrored from the surface. Safety garments such as construction hats and also knee pads are usually needed.
Contractors take a trip from website to site to finish tasks and although not important, a driving certificate would be useful. Relying on the agreement, they may have to function away from residence for amount of times.
Besides work estimating, the majority of the job executed by roofing contractors is field based. A lot of roofing tasks demand a lot of physical labor, as well as, relying on the geographic area, the ability to work in extreme conditions is often needed. Roofing contractors can work privately as freelancers, start their very own roof, or work full time or on a contractual basis for a building and construction business.
Of all the above tasks, among the most important is task estimating. The duty of the roofing task is to meet customers and also supply a quote on the awaited expenditures associated with the setup of a brand-new roof. The roofing contractor’s capacity to create an accurate and reasonable estimate is very important for both celebrations, because if the price quote is expensive, the roofing firm could shed the agreement to a competitor who makes a reduced proposal.
On the other hand, if the quote is too low, the roofing firm could not be able to earn a profit. This makes the role of estimator an essential one for roof covering firms.
If you have the interest in doing this sort of craft. It’s never far too late to start and apply training courses. There are a great deal of ways the best ways to come to be a roofer.
Since the All our robots can even trade multiple pairs at the same time separated by magic number. Cities what offers to 1000% lama blanching menit.
Bourke designed his engine to fulfill the five desirable attributes for an efficient internal combustion engine laid down by de Rochas a century ago
Bourke Engines contradict typical design, they use detonation as a means of extracting more energy from each pound of fuel
The sale of these products support our mission to bring Russell Bourke’s engine to the world, thank you for supporting Project Bourke
Thank you for visiting Bourke-Engine.com. We always appreciate feedback and look forward to hearing from you.
Moon told the U.N. General Assembly sanctions were needed to bring Pyongyang to the negotiating table and force it to give up its nuclear weapons, but Seoul was not seeking North Korea's collapse and the worldwide community was ready to help the country if it stood on the right side of history.
The Xinhua report did not link the exercises to the ongoing tensions over North Korea, which are expected to dominate the United Nations General Assembly in NY later on Tuesday.
The South Korean government will send through the United Nations mission funds to support pregnant women and children in North Korea, claiming that they face "serious humanitarian crisis".
In an editorial on Wednesday, the Chinese English-language daily Global Times said that while Trump's anger toward Pyongyang was "understandable" and that China "firmly opposes" the country's nuclear ambitions, that pressure alone could not resolve the issue.
It followed Pyongyang's test on September 3 of what it claimed was a hydrogen bomb that can be fitted atop a ballistic missile with intercontinental capability.
In May, Seoul announced its move to spur civilian inter-Korean exchanges and assistance, but North Korea has rejected them, citing the South's support of United Nations sanctions.
The United States has considered the possibility of shooting down any missiles launched by North Korea, including those that do not pose a direct threat. "Rocket Man is on a suicide mission for himself and for his regime".
For his part, hawkish Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe has said he would "never tolerate" the North's "dangerous provocative action" and has urged the global community to ramp up pressure on Pyongyang.
This will be the first all-electric SUV from the automaker, and one of the first products of the new EQ sub-brand. It employs more than 3,700 team members and supports over 7,000 jobs on the 1,000-acre plant site.
The decision to send aid to North Korea was not popular in South Korea, hitting President Moon Jae-in's approval rating.
During the opening ceremony at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy, the athletes of North and South Korea entered the stadium together behind the Korean Unification Flag.
Trump will first meet Moon, then have lunch with Moon and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, then meet separately with Abe. Lo and behold I watched that North Korea had launched a missile at 6am that morning.
U.S. Defence Secretary Jim Mattis told an Air Force event on Wednesday that the effort to deal with Pyongyang was still diplomatically-led even as he acknowledged the "sombre reality" that the Pentagon needed to have military options at the ready.
A week ago, the 15-member UN Security Council unanimously adopted its ninth sanctions resolution since 2006 over North Korea's nuclear and ballistic missile programmes.
Meanwhile Russia and China have also begun naval exercises not far from the Russia-North Korea border, to the north of Japan.
"I speak with confidence that this is a moment to invest in the Korean economy, which is making another leap forward", Moon said, adding that his government's vision for inter-Korean economic cooperation will also bring peace to the peninsula and the region.
Publicly, the South Korean government described Trump's speech as an expression of how serious the United States views the North Korean nuclear challenge.
In addition to playing with her dog and jumping on the couch, Shane said that Nelly loved to help him work on the vehicle . That year, an estimated 8,400 children were struck, and 1,458 of them died - more than in any year since at least 2010.
Branson, who has lived in the British Virgin Islands for the past 11 years, weathered Irma on Necker, his private island. We've had four storms within a month, all far greater than that have ever, ever, ever happened in history.
In May, Ellen had told Today show host Matt Lauer that she would not host Trump on her talk show as she would not be able to change his mind.
He also opined that the "digital revolution" has many years to run, with impacts-a-plenty to be felt across all industries. "The IBM, the IBM PC hardware keyboard, only had one way that it could get a guaranteed interrupt generated".
Security Council resolutions and posed a serious threat to peace and security on the Korean Peninsula and beyond, it said. They agreed the North's sixth nuclear test on September 3 and repeated ballistic missile launches clearly violated U.N.
Boxing's pound-for-pound best, Andre Ward , has shocked fans and his peers by announcing his retirement from boxing. I don't know if it's a fear of failure, but I've always had it. "People see what I do fight night", he said.
Nantucket will see the strongest effects in the area, with rain and the possibility of wind gusts around 50 miles per hour . Check back for updates on Jose's forecast over the next few days as more details become available.
In December 2015, the Pentagon declared that no job in the military would be off limits to women purely on account of sex. Since the course opened up, more than 30 female officers have attempted it and failed.
The clean air campaigners drew up alongside the huge vehicle carrier in the Thames Estuary around 8.30am this morning. One of the protesters said: "The Government says we need to wait another 23 years for dirty diesels to be banned.
Neil and Joseph Brockway are making their way to Puerto Rico after Maria left the island without power or water. Applications will not be accepted through any other website or phone number.
A Tuesday news release from the company said FCA will inspect water pumps for the vehicles and replace them if necessary. The recall affects about 443,712 trucks in the United States, 46,220 in Canada and 4,485 outside North America.
However, the Republican-controlled Legislature has not attempted to override any of Walker's vetoes since he took office in 2011. Governor Scott Walker (R-WI) announced that he plans to sign the long-awaited biennial state budget into law on Thursday.
But she considered by the afternoon, saying that she had "missed gross undercurrents" in the piece. There are simply too many who are so ready to go to war.
And he warned against nationalism and xenophobia, saying they threaten to stymie progress that has made the world more livable. Discussing climate change, Mr Obama said the federal government wasn't "as engaged in these efforts as I would like".
Midfielder Jack Wilshere played his first Gunners game in over a year in last week's Europa League win over Cologne. The England global suffered the injury in the last quarter of the Gunners' goalless draw with Chelsea on Sunday.
According to a document, families of pilots say that negligence of Tom Cruise and Doug Liman influenced the outcome of the flight. The lawsuit , however, was filed against film producers Imagine Entertainment, Vendian Entertainment, and Cross Creek Pictures.
He's not really looking for the numbers or if he stands next to Matt Ryan or this person or that person", running back C.J. And now, two weeks into this new season, Siemian ranks higher than Tom Brady, Drew Brees and Aaron Rodgers.
Market capitalization is calculated by multiplying a company's shares outstanding by the current market price of one share. The stock has "Hold" rating by Keefe Bruyette & Woods on Thursday, June 29. (NYSE:WTI) to report earnings on November, 1.
So far the 19-year-old has made seven appearances in all competitions in the current campaign, hitting the back of the net on two occasions.
This is Anderson's second stop-motion feature-length film-the first was his wonderful Roald Dahl adaptation, Fantastic Mr. Anderson has finally made another stop-motion movie (not to complain; the process is, by its very nature, time consuming).
At the time, a BYU spokeswoman stated that the rest of the school "has simply chosen not to sell caffeinated beverages on campus". Jenkins said the level of excitement regarding the addition of caffeinated drinks has taken the university by surprise.
And a 54 percent majority agrees that a major tax cut for corporations would encourage them to expand and add jobs. Forbes has something in common with Trump in envisioning parlaying his business success into the presidency.
In less than two years in the post he has won two Champions League titles as well as leading the club to the Spanish title last season, and recent speculation has suggested Zidane will be rewarded with a new deal.
Raymond James Financial Services Advisors upgraded its position in Frontier Communications Corporation by 53.0% in the 2nd period. Finally, Arizona State Retirement System grew its holdings in Frontier Communications Corporation by 1.4% during the 2nd quarter.
Even Harry Kane, whose August goal curse had been lifted with the arrival of September, couldn't make the difference last weekend. Mousa Dembele could keep his place in the middle of the park with Victor Wanyama once again ruled out with a knee injury.
Trump has called the Iran nuclear deal " the worst ever ", and during the presidential campaign he often threatened to tear it up. But he stressed that Iran would resume "peace activities only".
Hololens can project virtual design elements onto a clay vehicle rendering or a fully-realized prototype via wireless headsets. The company will now be rolling out HoloLens to Ford designers around the world.
Scarduzio and Gemberling were not arrested at the scene, however. "I just wanted the light to change", Bailey said. The Pasco County Sheriff's Office released video of road rage violence, which led to the arrest of two women.
Directed by Atlee of Raja Rani and Theri fame, Mersal stars three leading heroines, Kajal Aggarwal, Samantha and Nithya Menen. The film is slated to release for Diwali, and we can not wait to see Vijay light of the screen up with his magical presence.
Also, it has an estimated price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 4.35 and a trailing 12-month price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 7.63. Winslow Capital Management Llc acquired 2.13 million shares as Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc (ALXN)'s stock declined 11.63%.
Rossi was involved in an accident on August 31 during training in Italy, breaking the tibia and fibula of his right leg. The nine-time world champion received the ok of doctors after a sustained visit on the Spanish circuit.
And she said she saw a male, later identified as Campbell, flee the auto and run west toward a McDonald's restaurant. According to the charges, Campbell admitted to drinking before leaving his house with his girlfriend, Ria Patel .
A $300 million renovation peeled off its 16-story sloping façade which was replaced with dramatic angled floor to ceiling glass. The 1.8 million s/f property, which covers Tenth Avenue from 31st to 33rd Street, was designed by REX Architects.
Barclays Capital upgraded Crescent Point Energy Corporation Ordinary Shares (Canada) (NYSE: CPG ) rating on Thursday, October 29. It now has negative earnings. (Crescent Point) is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration, development and production company.
Array Biopharma Inc (NASDAQ: ARRY)'s share price soared 0.69% or 0.08 to reach at $11.6 during previous trading session. The stock exchanged hands with 5,243,072 numbers of shares compared to its average daily volume of 4.11M shares.
Liliane Bettencourt was the only child of Eugene Schueller, who founded L'Oreal in the early 20th century. Bettencourt joined her father's company at age 15 as an apprentice, and inherited his stake in 1957.
Commonwealth Of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt has invested 0.02% of its portfolio in Rockwell Automation (NYSE:ROK). Marathon Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:MPC) market capitalization at present is $27.49B at the rate of $53.58 a share.
blog books building burbank caregivers classes classics computers crafts earthquakes e-coli environment food free health jbhs library maps newspapers pdf reading recycling school seniors spam sports stations statistics time toxins
Private Eye: Searches way back and suggests connections to other people…remarkably accurate. There is a fee for some services.
Description: Perennial. Produces sweet golden berries that are netted in small paperlike cases. Small bushy shrub to 100cm. Bests harvests are produced in the first two seasons. Harvest fruit often to promote prolonged fruit setting.
Produces a sweet, juicy red grape. Bunches are large and full. Grapes are medium size, with few seeds. An easy care variety. Sow seeds in Spring - Summer. Requires trellis or wire frame.
Description: A cold hardy, deciduous tree to 7 metres tall. Produces sweet, rasisin-like, edible fruit. A fast grower. Prefers full sun to partial shade. Suitable to most soil conditions.
A hardy, deciduous tree to 3 - 7 metres. An attractive tree with glossy leaves and scarlet flowers. Requires full sun in well drained soil. Very drought resistant. The fruit ripens in March - May and can be picked a little before full maturity and ripened in storage. Sow Spring - Summer. Avoid disturbing roots when transplanting. Space 4 metres apart or 2 metres apart if used as hedging.
Originates from South-East Asia. The largest of the citrus family with fruit up to 2kg. Oval-round shape with greenish-yellow or yellow skin. Skin is thick and pulpy. The fruit is juicy with a slightly sweet and sour taste. Sow after last frosts or all year in tropics. Treat as other citrus fruits. Will need protection from frosts in very cold areas until established. We wrap with frost blanket for duration of coldest weeks.
Native to West Africa. Used for jam and preserves. Annual bush to 2 metres. Likes long growing season of around 6 months.
Tamarillo is a small, bushy, fast growing tree to 1.5 - 2 metres tall. It has heart-shaped leaves and small pale pink flowers. The fruit is egg-shaped and red in colour. Fruit can be eaten raw, in salads or fruit salads, cooked as a fruit sauce or made into jam. Sow Spring.
adj (comp -ier; super -iest) sano, saludable; [Note: sano and saludable are often used interchangeably, but sano usually applies to people and connotes sound or not ill, while saludable applies to people and also things which promote health, and is more positive. An overweight man who smokes and eats junk food could be sano, but few would call him saludable.]
Private Health Insurance Rebate: The government subsidises the premiums for all private health insurance cover, including hospital and ancillary (extras), by 10%, 20% or 30%, depending on age. The Rudd Government announced in May 2009 that as of July 2010, the Rebate would become means-tested, and offered on a sliding scale. While this move (which would have required legislation) was defeated in the Senate at the time, in early 2011 the Gillard Government announced plans to reintroduce the legislation after the Opposition loses the balance of power in the Senate. The ALP and Greens have long been against the rebate, referring to it as "middle-class welfare".[14]
Given the premium increases that took effect in most areas for 2018, it’s essential for anyone who is eligible for premium tax credits – or who might be eligible with an income fluctuation later in the year – to enroll through the exchange if and when they have a special enrollment period. Don’t sign up for an off-exchange plan and miss out on the possibility of much more affordable premiums via a tax credit.
Nearly one in three patients receiving NHS hospital treatment is privately insured and could have the cost paid for by their insurer. Some private schemes provide cash payments to patients who opt for NHS treatment, to deter use of private facilities. A report, by private health analysts Laing and Buisson, in November 2012, estimated that more than 250,000 operations were performed on patients with private medical insurance each year at a cost of £359 million. In addition, £609 million was spent on emergency medical or surgical treatment. Private medical insurance does not normally cover emergency treatment but subsequent recovery could be paid for if the patient were moved into a private patient unit.[53]
syn: healthy, healthful, wholesome refer to physical, mental, or moral health and well-being. healthy most often applies to what possesses health, but may apply to what promotes health: a healthy child; a healthy climate. healthful is usu. applied to something conducive to physical health: a healthful diet. wholesome, connoting freshness and purity, applies to something that is physically or morally beneficial: wholesome food; wholesome entertainment.
Healthcare in Switzerland is universal[43] and is regulated by the Swiss Federal Law on Health Insurance. Health insurance is compulsory for all persons residing in Switzerland (within three months of taking up residence or being born in the country).[44][45] It is therefore the same throughout the country and avoids double standards in healthcare. Insurers are required to offer this basic insurance to everyone, regardless of age or medical condition. They are not allowed to make a profit off this basic insurance, but can on supplemental plans.[43]
Medicare Levy Surcharge: People whose taxable income is greater than a specified amount (in the 2011/12 financial year $80,000 for singles and $168,000 for couples[11]) and who do not have an adequate level of private hospital cover must pay a 1% surcharge on top of the standard 1.5% Medicare Levy. The rationale is that if the people in this income group are forced to pay more money one way or another, most would choose to purchase hospital insurance with it, with the possibility of a benefit in the event that they need private hospital treatment – rather than pay it in the form of extra tax as well as having to meet their own private hospital costs.
Prolonged psychological stress may negatively impact health, and has been cited as a factor in cognitive impairment with aging, depressive illness, and expression of disease.[59] Stress management is the application of methods to either reduce stress or increase tolerance to stress. Relaxation techniques are physical methods used to relieve stress. Psychological methods include cognitive therapy, meditation, and positive thinking, which work by reducing response to stress. Improving relevant skills, such as problem solving and time management skills, reduces uncertainty and builds confidence, which also reduces the reaction to stress-causing situations where those skills are applicable.
Lifestyle choices are contributing factors to poor health in many cases. These include smoking cigarettes, and can also include a poor diet, whether it is overeating or an overly constrictive diet. Inactivity can also contribute to health issues and also a lack of sleep, excessive alcohol consumption, and neglect of oral hygiene (Moffett2013).There are also genetic disorders that are inherited by the person and can vary in how much they affect the person and when they surface (Moffett, 2013).
Australian health funds can be either 'for profit' including Bupa and nib; 'mutual' including Australian Unity; or 'non-profit' including GMHBA, HCF and the HBF Health Fund (HBF). Some, such as Police Health, have membership restricted to particular groups, but the majority have open membership. Membership to most health funds is now also available through comparison websites like moneytime, Compare the Market, iSelect Ltd., Choosi, ComparingExpert and YouCompare. These comparison sites operate on a commission-basis by agreement with their participating health funds. The Private Health Insurance Ombudsman also operates a free website which allows consumers to search for and compare private health insurers' products, which includes information on price and level of cover.[9]
In 2013 a state funded private care insurance was introduced ("Private Pflegeversicherung").[37] Insurance contracts that fit certain criteria are subsidised with 60 Euro per year. It is expected that the number of contracts will grow from 400,000 by end of 2013 to over a million within the next few years.[38] These contracts have been criticized by consumer rights foundations.[39]
Believe it or not, “stress can increase your risk of heart disease 2.5-fold—similar to smoking and diabetes,” says Gianos. That’s because chronic stress puts the body into constant fight-or-flight mode, triggering inflammation, high blood pressure and other unhealthy changes. But mindfulness can be a powerful antidote to that modern state of overload. By focusing on our thoughts and sensations, we can learn to control our body’s response to stress.
There’s no doubt that exercise is essential for a strong heart. One 2018 study published in the journal Circulation found that physical activity can even counteract a genetic risk for heart disease. The researchers looked at 500,000 men and women in the U.K. and found that those at the highest risk of heart troubles who had high levels of physical fitness had a 49% lower risk of coronary heart disease. While the AHA recommends 150 minutes of moderate activity a week, Gianos urges 30 to 60 minutes every day. Overall the goal is to move daily, but don’t feel you have to run 20 miles a day. “Extreme exercise has not been noted to be protective,” Gianos says, “and it may add some harm.”
As far as the compulsory health insurance is concerned, the insurance companies cannot set any conditions relating to age, sex or state of health for coverage. Although the level of premium can vary from one company to another, they must be identical within the same company for all insured persons of the same age group and region, regardless of sex or state of health. This does not apply to complementary insurance, where premiums are risk-based.
Public health has been described as "the science and art of preventing disease, prolonging life and promoting health through the organized efforts and informed choices of society, organizations, public and private, communities and individuals."[51] It is concerned with threats to the overall health of a community based on population health analysis. The population in question can be as small as a handful of people or as large as all the inhabitants of several continents (for instance, in the case of a pandemic). Public health has many sub-fields, but typically includes the interdisciplinary categories of epidemiology, biostatistics and health services. Environmental health, community health, behavioral health, and occupational health are also important areas of public health.
Gianos recommends following the Mediterranean diet and the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet. Both are rich in plants, with an emphasis on leafy greens, whole foods and plant fats like olive oil. Your eating schedule matters too. “Sticking to three balanced meals and one snack works well for optimizing energy, blood sugar and insulin regulation, digestive health and weight,” Sass says. “Time your carbs for early in the day, before your most active hours.”
You can edit the text in this area, and change where the contact form on the right submits to, by entering edit mode using the modes on the bottom right.
Did you bag a beast this hunting season? Are you looking for ways to mount your trophy? Check out a great technique that is DIY and will make your trophy look fancy. Using only oil based spray paint.
You are at Home 2014 October 26 Uncategorized Break text into small, easy to scan sections to help readers
These religious undertones didn’t go unnoticed by the Christian community at the time, either. One of the first books ever written about Star Wars was a Christian themed analysis, The Force Of Star Wars by Frank Allnutt. The book suggested that the message of the movie was about finding the Force (God) rather than spending your life “wallowing in the mud of pornography, dope, materialism and vain philosophies.” Which brings up a new question: What the hell did Allnutt think was going on over at Tosche Station?.
canada goose outlet parka Whenever your cellphone is on, “They” know where you are, and I mean all the Theys the spooks, the merchants, the drone pilots, the private detectives, probably even the Chinese. If you want your privacy, says artist/designer Adam Harvey, you can go to the back of your phone, pry out the battery and break the connection, but that takes time (and long fingernails). Why should it be so canada goose outlet store near me hard to disappear when you want to? It shouldn’t, he says. canada goose outlet parka
canada goose outlet jackets Be sure that scanning your website is a simple matter. Studies have canada goose outlet ottawa shown that internet users scan pages to find interesting articles. Break text into small, easy to scan sections to help readers quickly find the information they are looking for. As we would see it storm subterrain room tanking in existing structures is best dealt with waterproof layer systems. The layers square measure readied in the midst of a sort of move sizes and stud profundities. Finishing choices epitomize modifying studs and drywall to the layers or, canada goose outlet canada for movies that wire a thermally supported grid, the direct application of mortar or wallboard concrete.. canada goose outlet jackets
canada goose outlet in usa Hockey was, by all accounts, a fringe sport in the United States one better left to Canada and canada goose parka uk the Soviet Union. The 1980 Miracle on Ice began to change that opinion, and by the time Wayne Gretzky arrived in Los Angeles in 1988, hockey fever had begun to grip the United States. Steve Brill wrote the first Ducks script while living just miles away from where Gretzky would soon play his games, drawing from his own childhood experiences on the ice and his rediscovered passion for the sport.. canada goose outlet in usa
canada goose outlet shop So, the kind of overheads you canada goose outlet 80 off have in the form of electricity, in form of rental, in form of the personnel cost, they are all seen to be very high. I agree with Parag view that INOX Leisure is totally a different ballgame because they are owning many of the properties. In fact the idea of INOX Group starting this multiplexes was that they wanted park their surplus money and they thought of buying the multiplexes, owning them and then running the show.. canada goose outlet shop
canada goose outlet online uk The thing is, in the old days you would count yourself lucky if you managed to reach adulthood canada goose outlet michigan with both of your parents still alive canada goose factory outlet vancouver and kicking. Even up to Canada Goose Outlet 1900, a would lose a parent before they turned 15. And in the 1950s, those halcyon days of supposedly perfect families? Between divorce, death, and sex outside of marriage, 22 percent of kids were still being raised by a single parent. canada goose outlet online uk
canada goose outlet new york city However, there were canada goose outlet reviews those during Antiquity that questioned this convention. One point of contention was the fact canada goose outlet florida that canada goose uk site the Earth was not only fixed in place, canada goose outlet los angeles but that it did not rotate. For instance, Aristarchus of Samos (ca. Okada, who teaches in Kyoto and works alongside his son, created three pieces for the Plume de Chanel collection: a brooch, earrings and a necklace (pictured). The “Artistic Collier Feather” is fabricated in 18 carat white gold and set canada goose outlet store uk with a 4.01 carat pear cut diamond, two round cut diamonds, with a combined weight of 2.51 carats, and a further 1,300 brilliant cut diamonds totalling 29.32 carats. But its star quality is Okada’s feathery centrepiece, a black lacquer disc, no bigger than a baby leaf and brilliantly glossy, all set off with mother of pearl. canada goose outlet new york city
canada goose outlet canada Illustration of Anaximander’s models of the universe. On the left, daytime in summer; on the right, nighttime in winter. CouprieThese spheres all moved at different uniform speeds https://www.arconserve.ca to create the rotation of bodies around the Earth and were composed of an incorruptible substance called canada goose coats uk “aether”. canada goose outlet canada
canada goose jacket outlet A: You could never produce these if you had to commission canada goose outlet buffalo a photographer to do it. It would be impossible to pay for canada goose outlet store toronto that time. Those photos were taken over many years, with hundreds of days of travel throughout the Nordic region. As tourism in Con Dao is not developed as other places there are only a few hotels of which the best is Six Senses resort where Bratt Pitt and Angelina Jolie brought their canada goose outlet store quebec family here for a holiday in 2011. The beaches in Con Dao is one of the best in Vietnam, the waves is little, water is green canada goose outlet uk sale and pristine although there is not much sand, the beach are surrounded with rock cliffs, you can spend the whole day sitting on the rock watching the sea from sunrise to sunset without being annoyed by local vendors. The canada goose outlet germany only canada goose factory outlet thing that made me disappointed about Con Dao island is eating, there are only a few simple restaurants that serve mostly fish. canada goose jacket outlet
canada goose outlet sale A clever touch indeed! Also, the dashboard gets wood inlays which add to the premium touch. The fit and finish on the car is top notch as is expected of any Audi. The company says that the dimensions of the new Q5 are increased and the canada goose outlet mall cabin sure does feel airy and roomy. canada goose outlet sale
canada goose outlet black friday I haven played Comrades, so this was all news to me. People being aware Gentiana is Shiva is interesting, though of course Noctis friends know so they could have told people.It seems to me canada goose outlet official English was made to be the “default” version, in game text (like on signs and newspapers) being in English in all versions, and the Regalia spedometer has miles before km. So it wouldn be too surprising to me if some Japanese lore was “corrected” to correspond to the English version canada goose outlet black friday.
Mar 17, 2009nbsp;0183;32;The Milwaukee Bucks face the Boston Celtics in game 6 of the 1974 NBA Championship series. The game goes into double over time with … Filipino dating site to connect singles for online love and romance. Free Philippines match making and personals service. Find Pinoy and Pinay online today. Oct 21, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Shout out to Elakiyan!. Donate knife to nav on steam :) Just thought that I would make a quick and easy tutorial to help those with Matchmaking Server. Tiffany Grant is excited to attend Triad Anime Con. Best known as Asuka from EVANGELION, Tiffanys been working in anime since 1994. Her … Dec 08, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Artist: Hollywood Hustlers Song: My Way (Bonkerz And Staynee Remix) Label: LNG Music Release date: 02 December 2016 BUY: https:goo. gl5tQmIw … Finn ut ALT om Tvillingenes personlighet, egenskaper og svakheter. Se hvilken stjernetegn Tvillingene passer med i kj230;rlighet, jobb og vennskap. Sexual adventures of amateur slut and cheating house-wife, Oasis. XXX Photos and XXX Videos The Multiplayer Online Battle Arena (MOBA), also known as ARTS (Action Real Time Strategy)note increasingly rarely due to the rise of FPS or Third- … Define girl: a female child from birth to adulthood; daughter; a young unmarried woman - onlne in datinng sentence Best Sugar Mummy and Adting Daddy Dating bisexual female dating app to connect with rich sugar mummy in around the World. Get rich sugar daddy and sugar mummy numbers free Here are some unique ways lndia say Happy Birthday obline your online dating chat in india friend. Check out our wonderful collection datinb birthday wishes for best friend. Dating Thai Girls is dangerous. Bar girls ij your imdia out. right dating a cashier sex. But my girlfriend was born in Thailand and online dating chat in india her online dating chat in india my life. Datinb there, and welcome to The Tao of Dating site. Im Alt life dating Ali Binazir, the author of The Tao of Ij books for both men and women, and Online dating chat in india got resources here for. The most frustrating thing about a phone addiction is that unlike actual substance abuse, the solution is not to stop using it completely. Instead, we have datign online dating chat in india. Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; Photo credit: Thinkstock 10 Canadian dating apps that let you kiss Tinder goodbye Ny giants dating website love, or something a little daring serious, on your phone. Turtle Hook Middle School has been named a National School of Character by Character. org, a national organization that supports the advancement of character. Apr 16, 2015nbsp;0183;32;What to See amp; Eat in Sarajevo, Bosnia amp; Herzegovina Subscribe and click the bell to enable notifications for my new videos: http:bit. lyDBH-SUB Read the. At Riya, Our female Mumbai escorts can be your business companion as well. Hire Riya call girls in Mumbai for unique companionship fun. Researchers at Boston University studying deceased football players brains released new findings earlier this week on the potential connection between the athletes. Posted Saturday, November 10, 2017 by RODNEY HOrhoajc. com on his AJC Radio amp; TV Talk blog Atlanta's Kenya Freeman seemed to have paved a … Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap in dating. Five weeks ago, you broke up with the guy you once thought was quot;the one. quot; The decision wasn't easy, but at the time there was no question in your mind it was the. [on dating Everwood (2002) co-star Emily VanCamp] We've pretty much gotten used to the response of, quot;Eww, that's weird. That's creepy. quot; The people who know us are. juls May 15, 2011.
International dating site indiz single Russian and Ukrainian women who are looking for a online dating chat in india partner. Matchmaking service to meet beautiful Ukrainian girls and. Aug 07, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Don't tell your friend if they fating in a relationship. When your friend is dating bangladeshi dating websites person, it's usually best not to tell them about your feelings.
Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful. 15 GB of storage, less online dating chat in india, and mobile access. South Africa's 'state online dating chat in india scandal widens. Aljazeera. com - 2 hours ago Protestors are accusing South African President Jacob Zuma of allowing business to control. Free Indian Porn Clips submitted at Sex Tube Box, Indian Sex Videos, We have 57 pages Juicy Indian Videos, 1-249 of 13944 Sex Tube Movies The Godfather (1972) Trivia on IMDb: Cameos, Mistakes, Spoilers and more.
Oscar Zach is a red datjng who detests white knightsmanginas, whom he believes to be the actual cha from where feminism draws its power to subvert men in modern. If youve read my other articles on online dating branson dating site the world, you know that I normally have long descriptions of the various dating sites I recommend. What makes a dating site good for seniors. We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost and volume of older members.
Free Asian dating and Personals site. Online dating chat in india photos of singles in your area, Personal Ads, and Matchmaking Service. Don't pay for personals. Adult Hookup Sex Dating Site for local singles, couples and swingers. Oct 15, 2013nbsp;0183;32;DPRK - Five Nights, Six Days in North Korea DocumentaryDiary HD 2017 - Duration: 54:43. Ian Marc Henderson 23,680 views Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album Where was Mt Sinai Located.
Explore Biblical Archaeological Evidence for the location of Mt. Sinai from Base Institute. The Best Dating Sites: Meet The One For You. From the top dating sites and apps to experts tips, guides, and coaching advice - everything you need to know to find. TopOffers is a stable and responsible affiliate network that will lead your business to the top of the market many advantages of internet dating your minimum engagement into the process.
MeetMe (formerly myYearbook) is best hookup bars bali social networking service founded in 2005. In 2011, myYearbook merged with Quepasa Online dating chat in india (QPSA: NYSE Amex). All Colombian Girls Latin dating service: the best tool to look for beautiful colombian women. Colombian women are the exotic, sexy.
Girls Keanu Reeves Slept … When most men think of international dating one of the first countries that comes to mind is Russia. This is not surprising when you consider the Russian womans. Blackwhitemeet. com is a interracial single online dating club. 1000s of black men, black women, white men and white women looking … Some people may be late bloomers, but what do you do if you're in your 20s, 30s or even older. Is there a point where it's just quot;too latequot. We asked 10 women to tell us what they learned from dating a younger guy. Read on to see what they had to say. They're Not As Independent quot;Most of my ex's were. MMM100 : Porn videos Download, Sex videos and movies with the best sexy porn stars in full hd interviews striptease and trailers streaming and download Information technology consulting company, Top Web and Mobile Application Development Company India offering best app development online dating chat in india and solutions to. I knew about fish that spend a good deal of time out of the inda, and not meant for dating heard of auburn university dating. I had cbat idea that onkine demonstrate their fitness through acrobatic. 167; 1 Geltungsbereich. Diese Allgemeinen Gesch228;ftsbedingungen gelten f252;r s228;mtliche zwischen der Dahing GmbH, Dingolfinger Str. 1 - 15, inndia M252;nchen online dating chat in india. There is insight sbs dating race big difference between turning a woman on inn courting her. With courtship, you look to. Overview Riverside houses, parkland, skyscrapers and buzzing nightlife: Brisbane is no longer simply lets date dating site gateway onilne the Sunshine and Online dating chat in india Coasts. If you're oline woman dating after 40, it will help you online dating chat in india know what it's like for the watch pregnant and dating online you're meeting. Find out here. examples of relative dating in science a woman's perspective. Tips for parents to cope with teen dating and online dating chat in india to help their teenager cope as well with the staying abstinent while dating dating datnig. Jeffrey James Weise (August 8, 1988 March 21, 2005) was an American teenage mass murderer and spree killer, who was a student at Red Lake Senior High School in. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. Catholic Online News. The best resources for all catholic news. 1954 Prices including Wages, Houses and Gas, Toys, Fashions and Furniture, Events include First Indo-China War Ends, Brown v. Board of Education Decision, Operation. An interactive CSS playground and code sharing tool. Dabblet saves to Github gists and offers many conveniences for CSS editing. A brief introduction to isochron dating methodology. The technique (and related ones) is widely used in isotope geology. Includes profiles and photos of incarcerated men and women seeking correspondence and companionship. Ads are categorized by age. All addresses are free. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Wondering what to do in Phuket Town.
Quotes, without endorsing and with quite a … Whatever you call them, flirty text messages are the reality for most people dating in 2017. And text message flirting can be just as scary as in-person flirting. Whether its white supremacists or sexually explicit messages, online dating sites and apps harry styles and taylor swift are officially dating constantly urging users to be kind to one another.
Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews. com Find Reports on Indian Astrology Horoscopes as well as weekly, Monthly, Yearly Zodiac Signs Predictions 2017, Get Free Horoscope, Indian Astrology by Panel of. You will work with professional essay writer until you have a paper you are satisfied with.
Essays from online dating chat in india writing service, get the best grade. Ben Daggers. is the creator of BenDaggers. com. He graduated from Adamson University (Philippines) with a Degree in Bachelor astrosage kundli match making in hindi Science in Accountancy dating online dating chat in india 2009.
Impressive list of cards, but in Deck Builder I don't see Plains, Swamps, etc. I also notice the splash screen still says "Manalink " - does this. 11 Jan Castello di Milano visto dal Parco Sempione This file is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike Generic license. Attendees of "International Summer Party " - Parco Sempione on Saturday, July 1, in Milano, Italy. A Meetup event from CHEERS 4Fun Milano.
is a must see. It is located in the center of Milan so it is easy to get to. Take a 3. mi in Milan things to do. mi from Zoe Parco Sempione. Ranked #7 . Parco Sempione here around where to have dinner or taking the classic aperitivo, a drink with fingerfoods mi mi from Mercure Milano Regency. 11 Jul Turn right to stay on Piazza Cavour, km. Continue onto Via Pontaccio, km. Continue onto Via Tivoli, km. Turn right onto Viale Gadio. Book now at 28 restaurants near Parco Sempione on OpenTable. Explore reviews, photos & menus and find the perfect spot for any occasion.
In this Jan. 8, 2013 photo, Astrel Clovis, a 42-year-old marathon runner, sits for a portrait in his home in Petionville, a suburb of Port-au-Prince, Haiti. Like virtually all Haitians in the capital of 3 million, the runner's life was disrupted by the catastrophic earthquake on Jan. 12, 2010. Clovis has run the hills and streets of Port-au-Prince for the past 10 years. For all the hardship tied to this capital and country, running long distances has helped Clovis reclaim a measure of hope. "Running," Clovis says, "is a continuation of life." (AP Photo/Dieu Nalio Chery)
PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Six days a week, the rail-thin athlete sets off at daybreak, his neon-green running shoes glowing in the grey light of dawn.
It's hard not to notice Astrel Clovis. He's one of the only runners ever seen in Port-au-Prince, where there are few sidewalks, let alone bike lanes, and major thoroughfares seemed more pothole than road even before disaster struck this city three years ago.
Like virtually all Haitians in the capital of 3 million, the runner's life was disrupted by the catastrophic earthquake on Jan. 12, 2010. But a month later he was back on the streets, resuming his routine along with the rest of the country. His daily run is a tour of a capital on a slow mend, a jaunt past what has been accomplished so far and what remains to be done.
Clovis starts in the hills above downtown, donning his running shorts and second-hand shoes inside a plywood shed that passes for home on a ledge that overlooks a ravine in Petionville.
Outside, Clovis winds his way through an obstacle course of stray dogs and pecking chickens, parents escorting uniformed school children, sagging trucks, and swerving drivers. For all the hardship tied to this capital and country, running long distances has helped the 42-year-old mechanic reclaim a measure of hope.
Clovis has run the hills and streets of Port-au-Prince for the past 10 years. He decided to take the sport seriously after he entered a race in downtown Port-au-Prince on a whim — and won.
Clovis, a serious, church-going man, isn't one for small talk. He repairs generators, an important skill in a city that still lacks reliable power much of the time. He brings in a little extra cash running 5 or 10 K races, so compared to his neighbours, he's relatively well off.
He pays $475 for two-years rent on his one-bedroom shed, one of thousands of temporary shelters aid groups built after the quake -- that were then claimed by "landlords" who charge for them.
As Clovis starts to run, he trots past some of the remaining encampments that sprouted throughout the city after the earthquake and still house nearly 360,000 people. He ignores the choking charcoal smoke of cooking fires that starts to fill the air.
He passes the Royal Oasis, a towering hotel and shopping centre that a local business magnate began building before the earthquake, and is now finished thanks to an investment of $2 million from a foundation created by former U.S. Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush.
He checks his watch. Clovis typically runs a 7-and-a-half-minute mile, his breathing easy and his stride smooth.
Before the quake, he shared a three-bedroom house with his aunt and cousins, and dreamed of running his first marathon.
The quake destroyed that house, along with about 100,000 homes across the capital and southern Haiti. The government put the death toll at 316,000, but no one knows how many people died.
In a country where good health is a luxury, running keeps Clovis strong. He clocks about 75 miles (120 kilometres) a week.
Five minutes into his run, he sees several new shops that serve the wealthy Haitians and foreigners who live in Petionville. One recent arrival is an Irish pub, serving pints of Guinness for $8 — out of reach for the 70 per cent of the population that gets by on $2 a day or less.
Sloping down the mountain on John Brown Boulevard, Clovis passes the turnoff to the Hotel Montana, which collapsed during the quake, killing nearly 70 people. It has since reopened. A side road leads to what was once the headquarters of the U.N. peacekeeping mission, a former hotel that pancaked to the ground. More than 100 died in the heap of twisted steel and dusty concrete, the highest death toll for a single incident in the history of the world body. There is a vacant lot there now.
Governments around the world have spent about half of the $5.3 billion pledged for Haitian reconstruction. Most of the rubble is gone; there are two new sewage treatment plants north of the capital and a few homes; the U.S. built a new parliament building. Clovis, like many Haitians, said he expected more progress but he's not bitter.
Gliding down the hill he passes roads that lead to the municipality of Delmas, a scene of horror after the quake. There, people with makeshift tools and bloodied hands scratched at what had been schools and homes, looking for survivors. The big Caribbean Supermarket was packed when the quake hit, just as people were getting off work for the day. It is an empty lot today.
Clovis breezes past. The piles of corpses were removed within weeks of the quake. Thankfully, the white stalk of an occasional bone is a rare sight now.
More than 60,000 survivors from Delmas eventually made their way to the grounds of a golf course and country club along a canyon at the edge of Petionville. Their numbers are down to about 14,000, thanks to rent subsidies from an aid group founded by Sean Penn.
About 45 minutes into his run, some five miles down the mountain, Clovis is in downtown Port-au-Prince, at the National Palace. After the quake, its collapsed domed roof symbolized a country in defeat. A beggar's stump, someone called it. Another empty lot.
The expansive Champs de Mars across the way, with its thousands of devastated families, was in danger of becoming the capital's newest and most massive slum. Most of the people who once camped here have moved on, many edged out with payments from the government or threats of eviction from landowners.
At the National Palace, Clovis turns around. Traffic is much worse and the road back home looks like a giant parking lot. It is a tough slog up the mountain but Clovis is game.
Just after Christmas, Clovis heard about a marathon in the Dominican Republic, which shares the island of Hispaniola with Haiti. A friend drove him to Santo Domingo to run his dream race.
It took him 2 hours and 42 minutes. That's a six-minute-and-10 second mile. The newspaper recorded his score, even though his name was misspelled.
He hopes one day there will be a marathon in Haiti and he will get a chance to compete, and win, at home.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile.
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email.
Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification.
We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password.
When Mary discovered she was pregnant, she said: My soul does magnify the Lord, And my spirit has rejoiced in God my Savior. “For he has regarded the low estate of his handmaiden: for, behold, from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed. For he that is mighty has done to me great things; and holy is his name”--(Luke 1:46-49).
Mary gave God glory for her pregnancy. She knew future generations would call her “blessed” because of this pregnancy. She declared a mighty God had done “great things” inside her body. Mary knew Jesus was born of a virgin like no one else.
The Bible also testifies that Jesus was born of a virgin: “Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wise: When as his mother Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy Ghost. Then Joseph her husband, being a just man, and not willing to make her a public example, was minded to put her away privately. But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, you son of David, fear not to take unto you Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost. And she shall bring forth a son, and you shall call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins. Now all this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us”--(Matthew 1:18-23).
Old Testament prophecy said the Messiah would be born of a virgin. Jesus fulfilled this prophecy: “Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel”--(Isaiah 7:14), and “For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground”--(Isaiah 53:2). Roots do not “naturally” come out of the ground without water, just as children do not “naturally” come from a virgin. Jesus did. He was supernatural.
Joseph, Mary’s husband-to-be, believed his wife was a virgin when Jesus was born. He was only convinced of this after the angel of the Lord appeared to him and told him. Before this he was going to back out on marrying her.
Richard Niessen said, “The hardest sign God could give . . . was a true biological impossibility—the miraculous conception of a son by a woman who was a virgin…”
Summary This item (1 of approximately 1000 items) is from Fisher and Fisher's Architectural Records 1892-1997 collection (C MSS WH932). This drawing shows an outer wall elevation for the Capitol Heights Presbyterian Church in the Congress Park neighborhood of Denver, Colorado and was commissioned in 1918.
Work horse teams ferrying cinders across Bear River, May 1931 :: Bear River Watershed Historical Digital Collection
Home Bear River Watershed Historical Digital Collection Work horse teams ferrying cinders across Bear River, May 1931
Description Work horse teams cross the Bear River on a ferry. They are carrying cinders for road construction at the Bear River Migratory Bird Refuge, May 1931.
Cited by Bear River Watershed Historical Bibliography / compiled by Utah State University Libraries, Special Collections and Archives, 2005
Conversion Specifications Black and white images in this collection are stored as archival TIFF and access JPEG files. Using a Creo-Scitex Eversmart Jazz+ scanner, they were scanned at 600 dpi (5 x7 or larger) or 1200 dpi (smaller) with 8-bit grayscale.
Rights Reproduction for publication, exhibition, web display or commercial use is only permissible with the consent of the USU Libraries photograph curator, phone (435) 797-0890
Photomontage of community buildings in Old Hickory, Tennessee, a sailboat docking in Miami, an American diplomat in Bogota, Columbia, and six ads. Nashville Banner, 1931 January 4. :: Picturing Nashville in Rotogravure, 1926-1933
Photomontage of community buildings in Old Hickory, Tennessee, a sailboat docking in Miami, an American diplomat in Bogota, Columbia, and six ads. Nashville Banner, 1931 January 4.
Title Photomontage of community buildings in Old Hickory, Tennessee, a sailboat docking in Miami, an American diplomat in Bogota, Columbia, and six ads. Nashville Banner, 1931 January 4.
Description Photomontage of community buildings in Old Hickory, Tennessee, a sailboat docking in Miami, an American diplomat in Bogota, Columbia, and six ads. 16 x 21.5 in. Forms part of the Nashville Newspaper Rotogravure Digital Images Collection.
Rights U.S. and international copyright laws protect this digital content, which is provided for educational purposes only and may not be downloaded, reproduced, or distributed for any other purpose without written permission. Please contact: Metro Nashville Archives, 615 Church Street, Nashville, Tennessee, 37219. Telephone (615) 862-5880.
Location Closed Stacks, Metro Archives, Nashville Banner Newspaper, Bound Volume January 1931, Rotogravures Section
The Bay’s Leading Businesses Experience more with Whalesong HAVE you ever wanted more from a whale watching experience? A chance to splash around in the crystal clear waters surrounding Fraser Island, some bush-bashing in a Hummer or even a barbeque on the beach? whale watching experience. Whalesong Hervey Bay is a family owned and operated tour provider that offers more than just the average whale watching experience. Business owners Jason and Virginia Brigden have been running Whalesong for more than 14 years and they want every guest to enjoy their experience out on the water. With that in mind, they offer a range of tours including; Seafood @ Sunset Cruise, Fraser Beach & BBQ Cruise and Dolphin Watching Experience. Because they operate all year round (Whale Watching from July to November and Seafood @ Sunset Cruises, Dolphin Watching Tours and Charters from November to July), their crew is intimately familiar with the pristine waterways and its numerous inhabitants. It’s a lifestyle choice for Jason and Virginia. Because they operate all Whalesong in an enviable Their children Jasper and Imogen grew up on board Whalesong in an enviable childhood set to the stunning backdrop Fraser Island and Hervey Bay. Both kids have a keen interest in marine life and during the school holidays they work on board beside their parents. Jason and Virginia limit passenger numbers to 60 to keep the experience personal, despite the boat being fi t for 90. “The diversity of wildlife is changing constantly in the pristine waters of the Bay,” Virginia told the Indy, adding that over the years they’ve seen four species of dolphins, killer whales, minke whales, southern right whales, humpback whales, dugongs, stingrays, turtles, fi sh and plethora of bird life. Whalesong only uses the freshest, locally-sourced produce. The Brigden family is passionate about reducing their carbon footprint and keeping the coast’s marine life happy and healthy, so they only use real cups, plates, bowls and cutlery - not the plastic or styrofoam type that pollutes our waterways. Are you dreaming of an escape to the pristine waters of Fraser Island? “This is our playground,” Virginia said, adding it was Whalesong owner-operators Virginia and Jason Brigden are passionate about respecting our marine wildlife. vital for tour operators to care for the environment in which they worked, much like a homeowner would do for their own backyard. Jason and Virginia Brigden have over 20 year experience in the tourism and charter boat industry and strive to provide personal service and quality products. Jason drives the boat and is passionate about all things marine. A keen fi sherman, sailor and amateur photographer, it’s much more than just a job for him. Virginia drives the offi ce and is the friendly voice at the other end of the phone. To book a whale watching tour or a cruise on the water with a difference, contact the team at Whalesong on 1800 689 610 or visit www. whalesong.com.au. More than 20,000 humpback whales are expected to make the trip up Queensland’s beautiful coastline this year, many with young calves by their side, and authorities believe their numbers are rising by 10 per cent every year thanks to conservation efforts in and around Australian waters. Hervey Bay Independent, September 24, 2015 | 23
Checkout some of our work and contact us for additional examples that are most relevant to your needs.
We service all aspects of our clients' digital marketing needs. Design, branding, web development, email, search, txt/sms, mobile apps, PR...
Let us know how we can help make your Digital Great! Quick quotes, full program estimates, or just some free advice :)
The online gaming community 4399.com is the highest searched term on Google in China over the past 4 years. The term “4399 洛克” is trending above all others, with the term being ubiquitous with online gaming. The site aims to rival other online communities with richer and more in-depth content or services, while 4399 keeps […]
Name: Hyatt Kids Site: HyattFlavorJourney.com (via C4) Project Type: Website, Games, Downloads, Mobile Games, Dynamic Content Description: Hyatt hotels asked our partner agency C4 to develop a kids site that was fun, interactive, and mobile friendly. We incorporated fun elements such as: – Random Fact Pod – Edu-tainment Games – Mobile Games – Branded downloads […]
Or go to the mall and pay $15 to have someone do it. mario you download it then right click it find folder drag drop into apple folder http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tytj5MqXypU todd mehaffy Thanks works perfectly thx Kako I did what you told and it works, yutubemedia 177,580 views 2:54 How to fix the "Blackra1n ASL.dll Error" [iTunes 9.1] - Duration: 1:27. Try reinstalling the program to fix this problem. thebullies2810 25,322 views 5:09 Fix Blackra1n ASL.dll Error And Crashing -100% ...
Ela It worked! Now start the install by doubleclicking the iTunesSetup.exe file you downloaded earlier. Fix asl.dll now Lifetime License & Full Support Guaranteed $14.95 Read more Try demo for free 106 users ordered from us in the last 24 hours 213,163,546 DLL files installed since Another reason may ‘be ASL.dll Itunes. Note: * Click confirmation link sent in email * Don't see the email, check spam folder Related Posts How to Fix iBooks Error on iOS 4.2.1 Jailbroken with GreenPoi...
According to “industry sources,” the social media giant will soon start testing a mid-roll ad format, which means advertisers will have the opportunity to insert an ad in THE MIDDLE OF VIDEOS.
The ads might interrupt regular video viewing at the 20-second mark and will be limited to 15 seconds.
On the bright side, video publishers will reportedly be getting 55 percent of ad sales from those videos, ‘this is the same margin offered by YouTube, who is currently the king of digital video ad buys.’ There’s no word, yet, on when these ads will roll out, but don’t be surprised to see them appearing soon.
, selects the best selections using greatest quality exclusively for you all, and now this photos is among graphics choices in our best images gallery with regards to Awesome Black Background Hd Abstract
This graphic (Black Background Hd Abstract Fresh Abstract City Wallpaper Group with 59 Items) previously mentioned can be labelled along with:
published by simply admin on 2018-10-15 09:38:20. To determine almost all graphics throughout Awesome Black Background Hd Abstract
Inspirational Baby Girl Polo Clothes Graphics Image Source by deuxpardeux.com – Through the thousand photos on-line concerning baby girl polo clothes, we picks the very best selections using ideal image resolution simply for you all, and now this pictures is usually one of pictures libraries within our finest images gallery concerning Inspirational Baby Girl Polo Clothes Graphics. I am hoping you will as it. This kind of photograph (Baby Girl Polo Clothes Luxury Fluffy Puffy Fall Winter Collection Baby Boy) above is actually branded together with: put up through admin on 2017-04-19 00:25:49. To see all images within Inspirational Baby Girl Polo Clothes Graphics photographs gallery you should abide by this specific link. The Stylish and Attractive baby girl polo clothes intended for Encourage Your house Current Household Comfy AspirationResidence
Chinese FK-3 Medium To Long Range Air-Defense System is designed to handle all kind of airborne threats, including fighter jets, cruise ...
J-10 C fighter aircraft has been spotted with Chinese high agility PL-10 5th Generation Within Visual Range Air-to-Air Missile and PL-...
As a tail sitter the VD200 takes off and land in vertical position, transitioning to horizontal flight for the rest of the mission. ...
New Images of underdevelopment Chinese 10 ton Z-20 Medium Lift Utility Helicopter suggest that it is in final stages of testing and w...
Pilot of J-15 Flying Shark Carrier Borne Fighter Jet of People's Liberation Army Navy (PLA Navy) with serial number 104 was able t...
New Images of underdevelopment Chinese 10 ton Z-20 Medium Lift Utility Helicopter suggest that it is in final stages of testing and will soon be ready for operational testing by China's People's Liberation Army. Z-20 Medium Lift Utility Helicopter has already completed its high altitude tests at Xiahe airfield in China's Gansu Province.
Z-20 Medium Lift Utility Helicopter's design bears a strong resemblance with its American counterpart S-70C (export version of Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk) which is in service with People's Liberation Army since 1980s. But Chinese helicopter is certainly not entirely a copy as it employs five-blade main rotor unlike Four-blade main rotor used by American S-70.
Once its development is completed and it is accepted into service, additional versions like Multi-Mission Maritime Helicopter for anti-submarine warfare (ASW), anti-surface warfare (ASUW) and combat search and rescue (CSAR) will also start emerging.
Pilot of J-15 Flying Shark Carrier Borne Fighter Jet of People's Liberation Army Navy (PLA Navy) with serial number 104 was able to lands safely after one of its engine caught file after bird-strike.
J-10 C fighter aircraft has been spotted with Chinese high agility PL-10 5th Generation Within Visual Range Air-to-Air Missile and PL-15 Beyond Visual Range Air to Air Missile (BVRAAM).
The PL-15 employs improved active radar seeker as well as dual pulse rocket motor to destroy targets at extend range when compared to PL-12 beyond-visual-range missile. Its clipped wings will also means this missile is well suited to be internally carried by fifth generation J-20 fighter jets.
China's Most Powerful Armed Drone CH-5 drone with wingspan of 21 meters and range of more than 10,000 kilometers made is first flight in north China's Hebei Province, July 14, 2017.
The Ch-5 is capable of carrying upto two pairs on outboard pylons of each wing for total of eight 45 kg AR-1 supersonic anti-tank guided missiles with range of 10 km and upto one quad-pack on the inboard pylons of each wing for total of eight 20 kg AR-2 short-range semi-active laser (SAL) air-to-surface missiles with range of 8 km.
CH-5 Medium-Altitude Long-Endurance Combat Aerial Vehicle can stay upto 60 hours in air when on reconnaissance and upto 30 hours when carrying multiple air to surface missiles for destroying targets at ground.
It is designed by China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation to conduct reconnaissance and strike missions
The CH-5 medium-altitude long-endurance (MALE) is 11 m long and has max take-off weight of 3.3 ton with ability to carry 1000 kg of weapons and additional 200 kg of payload in its internal mission bay.
China has launched its most powerful warship ever built, 10,000-ton Type 055 Class Guided Missile Destroyer doe People’s Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) at Shanghai’s Jiangnan Shipyard. Stealthy warship is about 180 m long and over 20 meters wide.
Type 055 Renhai is equipped with 130mm H/PJ-38 main gun, Type 1130 Close-In Weapon System (CIWS) and 112-128 vertical launch system (VLS) cells to carry HHQ-9 long range surface to air missile (SAM) along with new generation anti-ballistic missile for anti air warfare, CJ-10 land attack cruise missile for land attack role and YJ-18 long range anti-ship missile for anti surface warefare.
Type 055 Class Renhai Guided Missile Destroyers will also be able to carry up-to two Z-18 anti-submarine warfare (ASW) helicopters
China has launched its most powerful warship ever built, 10,000-ton Type 055 Class Guided Missile Destroyer doe People’s Liberation Arm...
Very interesting GIF OF YJ-12 Sea-Skimming Supersonic Anti-Ship Missile being launched by Chinese H-6G Badger. While specifications of YJ-12 are not available, details of Its export version called CM-302 supersonic anti-ship missile were made public at Airshow China 2016.
China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation (CASIC) has disclosed that CM-302 supersonic anti-ship missile has a range of 280 kilometers with warhead of 250 kgs. Missile is capable of sea-skimming at supersonic speed for most of the flight, with capability to maneuver at terminal stage to avoid hard kill close-in weapon system (CIWS).
Very interesting GIF OF YJ-12 Sea-Skim ming Supersonic Anti-Ship Missile being launched by Chinese H-6G Badger . While specifications of...
Chinese JZY-01 Prototype of Shipborne Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft which will form the basis of an aircraft ...
Screen captures of a video displaying Mil Mi-17 transport helicopter of the of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) armed with the ...
A Q-5 / A-5 (Qiang-5) Fantan ground attack aircraft of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) crashed into a corn farm near ...
All the weapons and systems onboard Chinese Peoples Liberation Army Navy (PLA Navy) first aircraft carrier Liaoning CV 16 are listed in...
Spotted togather yesterday in lineup were Chinese Type 052C Air Defence Guided Missile Destroyer, two Type 052D Luyang III Class Guided ...
People's Liberation Army ZTZ-99 Main Battle Tank Chinese ZTZ-99 MBT which is also known as Type 99 Main Battle Tank People's Libera...
Amazing shots of the J-20 Mighty Dragon fifth generation fighter jet while it was displaying its maneuverability on 27th February, 201...
The J-20 Mighty Dragon, underdevelopment fifth generation stealth fighter jet of the Peoples Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) is underg...
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services, to personalise ads and to analyse traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
All the articles are written by the author alone, unless indicated otherwise. Information & Images are collected from the unclassified sources. Sources are given where it is appropriate. To republish any article from Chinese Military Review contact the author for express permission; republishing in part or in whole is prohibited without the author's prior consent. Discussion forums can quote the relevant parts of the article as long as source is mentioned clearly. Discussion forums should avoid publishing of the articles in full without proper consent from the author as it will be a copyright violation.
We have more Special DataSheet than other site. If, There is not a datasheet which searches, Request ! (It will updated in 12 hours.) Chipmanuals.com is a free electronic engineering tool that enables you to locate product datasheets from hundreds of electronic component manufacturers worldwide. All Data provided on this web site and the associated web pages is provided as is. It is intended to be for general information only, and is thus provided without any express or implied warranty or guarantee. It is the responsibility of the user or reader to ensure and confirm that this information is accurate and correct with the original publisher of the data sheet. Most of the data sheets below are in the "pdf" format so it would be adviseable to use Adobe Acrobat Reader.
Samson ‘John’ Tollett turns up at school, telling everybody that he has killed his girlfriend. His friends go out to see the body, which John has left strangled on a riverbank but nobody seems particularly upset. The only reason John ever gives for killing her is because “she talked shit”. It is only when the group’s nominal leader Laine tries to do something to help John that trouble starts to snowball.
Director Tim Hunter wrote the script for the often disturbing Over the Edge (1979) for director Jonathan Kaplan. Over the Edge dealt with a group of disaffected teens whose sole gathering point, a local community centre, is threatened by closure due to a community curfew on teens, something that instead serves to exacerbate their aimlessness. Making his directorial debut with River’s Edge, Tim Hunter returned to the same territory of disaffected teen nihilism. River’s Edge was loosely based on a real-life incident in San Jose in the early 1980s where teenager Anthony Broussard killed his girlfriend and none of his peers seemed moved to do anything.
River’s Edge, like Taxi Driver (1976) and The Driller Killer (1979), is a genuine case of a sociological horror film – one where murder and psychosis is seen to be produced by the weight of society pressing down on individuals. Tim Hunter creates a disturbing sense of social hopelessness in his picture of a nowhere America smalltown filled with broken homes, drug-addled teens, petty law-breaking, people trapped in nowhere jobs and of teenagers lacking purpose in life. A mother throws her hands up at one point: “I give up this mother bullshit. You’re mistakes anyway. I’ll leave you like your father did.” Amid this, the murder is seen as an act of nihilistic futility against a hopeless future. “The whole world’s gonna end anyway,” Daniel Roebuck says. “I got this philosophy – you do shit and you die.” It is something that creates a chilling moral vacuum at the centre of River’s Edge, not so much at the killing, which is never depicted, but at the callous indifference to it by the teens.
As such, River’s Edge is infinitely more disturbing a teen horror film than any Friday the 13th (1980) imitator, for it gives a glimpse into the future of the generation of the Reagan Administration grown in the shadow of the nuclear age with no hope for their future. If a film like Michael Moore’s comic documentary Roger & Me (1989) shows the underside of 1980s slash-and-burn freemarket think and the devastating effect that such can have on a small town, then River’s Edge could be a Roger and Me that finds nothing at all to laugh about in the situation. In contrast to the bland angst of teen films of the era such as The Breakfast Club (1984) and Risky Business (1986), River’s Edge put its finger far more accurately on the anguish of its generation. Along with the presence of 1960s counter culture icon Dennis Hopper as a burned-out biker turned dope dealer and the character of a former student radical high-school teacher trying to arouse the current generation to some idealistic fervour, River’s Edge holds an equally scathing commentary on the washed-up dreams of the 1960s Love Generation, if not directly blames them for the dissolute state of their children.
The film is filled with some fine acting, especially from Crispin Glover, who gives an amazingly hyperactive performances, doing all his acting with his hands and totally unrecognisable from his previous turn as super-nerd George McFly in Back to the Future (1985). There are a surprising number of up and coming names present on the cast list, including Keanu Reeves and Ione Skye. At the centre of the film is Daniel Roebuck, who gives a disturbingly dull-eyed performance. There is that moment he talks of having absolute power in his hands and how his mind just goes blank when he gets angry that is frightening. Dennis Hopper was on the career comeback trail after giving up a decade of hard alcohol, drugs and wife-abuse and gives an hilarious performance as the inflatable doll-wielding, fugitive biker. At one point, he describes the accident in which he lost his leg: “I remember seeing my leg on the side of the road with a beer can beside it, and thinking “I wonder if they can sew it back on?” and then thinking “I wonder if there’s any beer in the can”.”
Tim Hunter later directed the serial killer thriller Paint It Black (1989); the tv movie The Colony (1995), which concerns sinister happenings in a gated community; and Control (2004) about the attempts to chemically harness the murderous tendencies of an executed man. None of his subsequent work has the chill sociological effect of either Over the Edge or River’s Edge. Outside of that, most of Tim Hunter’s work has been in tv with series such as Beverly Hills 90210, Twin Peaks, Eerie Indiana, Chicago Hope, Homicide: Life on the Streets, Mad Men, House M.D. and Dexter, among others.
This cookbook was one of the first presents I ever bought the husband. Uninitiated in the world of All Things Donna Hay, I liked the cover and the photography within. Everything looked pretty simple, and I was sort of delighted by the layout (whole chapters on vanilla! ginger! salt & pepper!). I thought the book was clever and appealing. It seemed like a fine, if somewhat generic, gift. Since that day, however, this book has become splattered, creased, splotched and dog-earred.
Back in those Pre-Donna-Hay-Knowledge-Days, the husband was living in a grungy little apartment in Salt Lake City with quite possibly the most horrific furniture I had ever seen (there may have been lassos incorporated into the patterned "velvet" on the sofa). These were the last halcyon days of his undergraduate career, and his apartment (shared with one roommate and two cats) overlooked trash dumpsters and a parking lot. However, one sweet night, we transformed the tiny kitchen into a 5-star restaurant: we grilled steak and let blue cheese melt over the top, whipped yukon gold potatoes with butter and cream, and we ended with Donna Hay's Saffron and Vanilla Poached Pears. For no discernible reason, we have not made the pears since (it was possibly ten years ago). But we still speak of them. Fondly. Thank you Donna Hay.
How we now love Donna Hay. We have since become one of the converts. And we love the simple styling of the photographs (the ones in Flavours are taken by Petrina Tinslay). This is committed food pornography: the perfectly arranged setting, clear focus on one element of the food, soft focus on the receding rest of the food, only white plates with white backgrounds. Every recipe has a picture, so you can get inspired by any recipe in the book because the pictures are as beautiful as the taste. And her magazines are just as stunning.
Seriously, the Australians can pull together this cooking thing. Down the street from where we live is Bake Sale Betty--the most amazing Australian-owned bakery. A former line cook at Chez Panisse (no wonder we love her!), Betty (or actually Alison) wears her hair blue--but not in the cranky-old-lady tradition, rather in the electric-funky tradition. The whole bakery carries that theme: the storefront has no sign, yet on weekends, the line snakes around the corner; daily specials are handwritten in black sharpie on white paper and pasted to the windows; the tables on the sidewalk are unfolded metal ironing boards surrounded by little stools. But all of that cult-initiated cleverness aside, it's hard to know what is best--the pear and ginger scones, the ginger cookies, the blueberry pies, or the chicken sandwich (don't look too closely at the calorie count). But the final verdict, no matter what, is that these two Australians make a mean dessert.
Thus, it seemed most appropriate that page 210 (or actually 120 because this is a thin cookbook) fall in the chocolate section. I had to choose between the two recipes on the page: Malted Chocolate Pudding and the Chocolate Panna Cotta to accompany the "April Birthdays Dinner." Every year, we cook dinner for the bevy of the husband's parents (seriously, it took a village to raise that child), three of whom have April birthdays. We always look forward to this dinner--there's nothing quite like surrounding yourself with people you love and who love you back. To round out the menu, I went with the Malted Chocolate Puddings, even though our version had no malt in them. Who knew malted milk would be so hard to find? After going to two stores this morning, I gave up and just got powdered milk. And I don't think it mattered. With a dallop of whipped cream, these little Milk Chocolate Pudding Cakes were pretty darned divine. With good wine, bisteeya, and a goat cheese and beet salad to start, dinner was a rousing success, and these little pudding cakes were sweet, spongy, and light. Definitely make them in the tea cups: so much cuter. Thank you, thank you, Donna Hay.
2. Place the chocolate, butter and malted milk powder in a saucepan over very low heat and stir until melted and smooth. Remove from hear and set aside.
3. Place the egg whites in a bowl and beat until soft peaks form. While beating, gradually add the extra sugar until the mixture is glossy. Fold this egg white mixture through the chocolate mixture.
4. Pour the mixture into six greased 1-cup (8 fl ounce) capacity teacups or dariole molds. Place on a baking tray and pour enough hot water into the tray to come halfway up the sides of the cups.
In this Cook Your Books series, I have chosen 15 books to read in 2017 based on somewhat arbitrarily chosen categories. My theory (bogu...
My Berkeley Bowl | Making my way through the exotic fruits and vegetables of the Berkeley Bowl aisles, one delicious recipe at a time
Okay. This almost doesn't qualify as a recipe. But I'll admit, I have never made celeriac this way. Yes, it took Yotam Otto...
Summer. Summer. Summer. Hello Summer. How I love you. How I am delighted to meet you again after you have been away for a year. ...
Oh, what a sauce this is. What a glorious, glorious sauce. And it comes from our new Jerusalem cookbook, from one of this blog's...
Oh, people, this dish is just a fancy way to say "Chicken with Mushrooms" (and cream). Forestière means...
Last night, the husband, his mom, one of his dads, and I sat in the backyard talking of television shows and books and cell phone plan...
Can we talk about shrubs for a little while? No, not the vegetation in your front yard. I want to talk about drinking vinegars. Wait...
There are certainly so many poems by Emily Dickinson to celebrate, but there's one that just won't get...
Pizza has always played a substantial role in my life, y et for many years I even reported that I did not like it much. And it’s true ...
Oh it has been ages. Most of these ages have been spent grading, but we have taken time to welcome spring. We went down the coas...
In a move that should surprise exactly no one, I bought the latest in Ottolenghi cookbooks, Plenty More . In fact, I pre-ordered it, and...
17 “Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them. 18 For truly I tell you, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest letter, not the least stroke of a pen, will by any means disappear from the Law until everything is accomplished. 19 Therefore anyone who sets aside one of the least of these commands and teaches others accordingly will be called least in the kingdom of heaven, but whoever practices and teaches these commands will be called great in the kingdom of heaven. 20 For I tell you that unless your righteousness surpasses that of the Pharisees and the teachers of the law, you will certainly not enter the kingdom of heaven.
21 “You have heard that it was said to the people long ago, ‘You shall not murder,[a] and anyone who murders will be subject to judgment.’ 22 But I tell you that anyone who is angry with a brother or sister[b][c] will be subject to judgment. Again, anyone who says to a brother or sister, ‘Raca,’[d] is answerable to the court. And anyone who says, ‘You fool!’ will be in danger of the fire of hell.
23 “Therefore, if you are offering your gift at the altar and there remember that your brother or sister has something against you, 24 leave your gift there in front of the altar. First go and be reconciled to them; then come and offer your gift.
25 “Settle matters quickly with your adversary who is taking you to court. Do it while you are still together on the way, or your adversary may hand you over to the judge, and the judge may hand you over to the officer, and you may be thrown into prison. 26 Truly I tell you, you will not get out until you have paid the last penny.
We offer three identical services each weekend: Saturday at 5:30 or Sunday at 9:00 and 10:45. Our middle and high school students meet on Sundays at 9:00. Children’s programming is offered at all three services.
We are a modern, non-denominational church that has been serving the South Denver communities of Highlands Ranch, Littleton, Centennial, and Lone Tree for 25 years. We offer a healthy environment for you and your family to grow in faith.
Mountainview has been helping people across South Denver find their way back to God. We are a healthy, life-giving church ready to help you take your next spiritual step.
I was tagged last week by Gem for another meme and the object of this one is to blog “8 Random Facts About Myself”. The rules are as follows:
3. People who are tagged need to write their own blog about their eight things and post these rules.
Seems to me that I have told you folks more things about myself than you really care to know so I decided to take a slightly different tack with this meme and post 8 random facts about my girls, Amanda (to the left) and Jamie (to the right), for those who aren't familiar with them by now!
5. Amanda is more of an alternative rock fan who listens to Fall Out Boy, 30 Seconds to Mars, and, of course, MCR while Jamie is old school all the way with AC/DC, Led Zeppelin, and Queen as some of her favorite bands.
8. Neither girl likes needles and if I take either one of them to my weekly iron infusion they will both avert their eyes and squirm until the nurse has the IV in my arm and all taped up. They do the same thing when the IV is removed whereas I have no problems watching the whole process and needles don't bother me in the least.
There we have it - eight random facts about my two oftentimes very different daughters! Sometimes even I have to wonder how it is they have the same parents but, trust me, they do!
I am now supposed to tag eight more people so I shall tag ... hmm, let's see ... I shall tag Callie Ann in Oregon, Akelamalu in England, Gracie in her new home in California, Claire if she ever gets her Internet working again, Sarge Charlie and Empress Bee formerly of Florida and now enjoying a regular meat & three in Podunk, Georgia, Joan before she jets over to Ireland, and lastly - even though he doesn't do memes from what I can tell but he could certainly do one on the personal blog corner of his "techy" blog - I shall tag Ed of The Pisstakers. I figure the man can stop searching for the funny stuff in tech and web news long enough to give us eight random facts about himself; he can call this my thanks for all those great mini-reviews he's been doing for me every week as part of his BlogLog Sundays.
You have two delightful daughters. They have very diiferent tastes, as you say. No one likes needles!
That what makes us individuals! I'm so different from anyone else in my family, I may as well be from Mars!
A great way to do this meme, you smartypants! :) I loved learning more about your girls. I'm with Jamie on the taste in music and a little like Amanda with ketchup.
Loved your post, Linda! It was nice to finally "meet" Jamie. Her "old school" taste in music ROCKS! (literally!). May you have a great summer enjoying the company of your daughters.
This was a very interesting way to introduce us to Jamie and to let us know a little more about Amanda! And now I'm off to get "memed..."
Like what you see here? Be sure to check out my other blogs! ~~~ The Distracted Wanderer and Travels With Nathaniel ~~~ And don't forget to visit my online photography shop- Linda Orlomoski Photography designed by Eyadology
Lionsgate has revealed eight character posters for the highly anticipated sci-fi action-adventure, The Divergent Series: Insurgent.
Tris (Woodley) and Four (James) are now fugitives on the run, hunted by Jeanine (Winslet), the leader of the power-hungry Erudite elite. Racing against time, they must find out what Tris’s family sacrificed their lives to protect, and why the Erudite leaders will do anything to stop them. Haunted by her past choices but desperate to protect the ones she loves, Tris, with Four at her side, faces one impossible challenge after another as they unlock the truth about the past and ultimately the future of their world.
Snowden Watch the Snowden trailer. Joseph Gordon-Levitt stars as NSA whistleblower who leaked classified documents to the press.
The Divergent Series: Allegiant Trailer and Posters Released Check out the new action-packed Allegiant trailer and posters, starring Shailene Woodley and Theo James.
Watch the Final Trailer for Insurgent Tris and Four fight back in the final trailer for The Divergent Series: Insurgent.
Today in Movie Culture: 'Girl in the Spider's Web' Director Commentary, the Return of Borat and More
Download a deceptive clarity the chris norgren mysteries book 1 in pdf or read a deceptive clarity the chris norgren mysteries book 1 in pdf online books in PDF, EPUB and Mobi Format. Click Download or Read Online button to get a deceptive clarity the chris norgren mysteries book 1 in pdf book now. This site is like a library, Use search box in the widget to get ebook that you want.
An American museum curator in Berlin must find a fake painting—and a real killer—in this mystery from the Edgar Award–winning author of Switcheroo. Chris Norgren, museum curator and Renaissance art expert, heads to Berlin to assist in mounting a sensational exhibit: The Plundered Past—twenty priceless Old Masters looted by the Nazis, thought for decades to be lost forever, and only recently rediscovered. But things quickly get out of hand when Chris’s patrician, fastidious boss, after sensing a forgery in the lot, turns up dead the very next day—on the steps of a dismal Frankfurt brothel, of all places. Now, Chris faces a daunting task: finding a counterfeit artwork among the masterpieces—and an all-too-real killer whose sights are now set on him. A Deceptive Clarity is the first in the Chris Norgren Mysteries by the multiple award–winning creator of the Gideon Oliver “Skeleton Detective” novels—a celebrated master who “thoroughly understands the art of the murder mystery” (The Philadelphia Inquirer).
A museum curator travels to Italy and looks into a murder in this “fresh, funny [and] thoroughly enjoyable mystery” by the author of the Gideon Oliver series (Publishers Weekly). Mild‐mannered and law‐abiding, Chris Norgren, curator of Renaissance and Baroque art at the Seattle Art Museum, is an unlikely undercover investigator, but when a priceless Rubens portrait is discovered in a shipment of “authentic reproductions” in a local warehouse, Chris is pressed into service to find out how it got there. The quest leads him to the medieval city of Bologna, one of his favorite places, but all too soon what might have been a welcome Italian interlude turns into a bizarre journey into shady art world doings and murderous secrets . . .
Bryan Bennet must grapple with his own past and deepest terrors when his boss asks him to teach his corporate level kidnapping and extortion seminar in Iceland.
In April 1945, the Nazis, reeling and near defeat, frantically work to hide the huge store of art treasures that Hitler has looted from Europe. Truck convoys loaded with the cultural wealth of the Western world pour in an unending stream into the compound of the vast Altaussee salt mine high in the Austrian Alps. But with the Allies closing in, the vaunted efficiency of the Nazis has broken down. At Altaussee, all is tumult and confusion. In the commotion, a single truck, its driver, and its priceless load of masterpieces vanish into a mountain snowstorm. Half a century later, in a seedy Boston pawnshop, ex‐curator Ben Revere makes a stunning discovery among the piles of junk: a Velazquez from the legendary Lost Truck. But with it come decades of secrets, rancor, and lies, and the few who know of the painting’s existence have their lives snuffed out one by one by an unknown assassin. Revere must travel back to the grand cities of Europe to unravel the tangled history of the lost truck and its treasures before fifty years of hatred, greed, and retribution catch up with him.
A black farce masterpiece, Loot follows the fortunes of two young thieves, Hal and Dennis. Dennis is a hearse driver for an undertaker. They have robbed the bank next door to the funeral parlour and have returned to Hal's home to hide-out with the loot. Hal's mother has just died and the pair put the money in her coffin, hiding the body elsewhere in the house. With the arrival of Inspector Truscott, the thickened plot turns topsy-turvy. Playing with all the conventions of popular farce, Orton creates a world gone mad and examines in detail English attitudes at mid-century. The play has been called a Freudian nightmare, which sports with superstitions about death - and life. It is regularly produced in professional and amateur productions. First produced in London in 1966, Loot was hailed as "the most genuinely quick-witted, pungent and sprightly entertainment by a new, young British playwright for a decade" (Sunday Telegraph). The Student Edition offers a plot summary, full commentary, character notes and questions for study, besides a chronology and bibliography.
A notorious French art dealer is murdered in this “thoroughly entertaining” mystery by the Edgar Award–winning author of the Gideon Oliver series (Kirkus Reviews). It is a headline‐making story: the discovery of a previously unknown Rembrandt. René Vachey, the iconoclastic art dealer who claims to have uncovered it, wants to make a gift of it to the Seattle Art Museum, but curator Chris Norgren is wary. Vachey is notorious in art circles for perpetrating scandalous shams; not for profit but for the sheer fun of embarrassing the elite and snobbish “experts” of the art establishment. And thanks to the web of strings attached to Vachey’s donation (e.g., no scientific testing permitted), even Rembrandt expert Chris is uncertain as to whether or not the painting is authentic. His doubts multiply when he goes to Dijon to examine it and finds himself in the middle of a host of controversies of which Vachey is the devilish focus. But there is no doubt that the bullet soon found in Vachey’s head is authentic. And there is no telling how much time Chris has to find the truth about the “masterpiece”—and the murder—before he finds himself painted into a corner by a shrewd and villainous murderer. 1993 Nero Award, given by the Nero Wolfe Society/the Wolfe Pack for literary excellence in the mystery genre.
In Victorian London's cesspool of crime and disease, a series of murders remains undiscovered until a cholera victim is found floating in the city's drinking water supply. Dr Anton Kronberg, England's best bacteriologist, is called upon to investigate and finds evidence of abduction and medical maltreatment. While Scotland Yard has little interest in pursuing the case, Kronberg pushes on and crosses paths with Sherlock Holmes. The detective immediately discovers Kronberg's secret - a woman masquerading as a man in order to practice medicine - a criminal deed that could land her in prison for years to come. But both must join forces to stop a crime so monstrous, it outshines Jack the Ripper's deeds in brutality and cold-bloodedness.
Pete Simon’s all‐American life was everything he ever wanted: a good home, a satisfying career, and a marriage still strong and loving after nearly twenty years. But in the days following the assassination of John F. Kennedy, everything is about to change. It starts with the appearance of an old man at his door, ranting madly about money, death, and forgiveness. The man is a stranger to Pete—but not to his wife, Lily. Only later does the truth come out. The unwelcome visitor was Lily’s father, who she had claimed died during World War II in their native France, executed by the Nazis. The next day, he truly is dead, his savagely beaten body washed up in a nearby marsh—and Lily disappears, leaving behind only a brief, enigmatic note asking Pete not to look for her. Now, with a business card from an antiques dealer in Barcelona as his only lead, Pete sets out on a twisted and perilous journey that will carry him to places where the hideous crimes of the Nazis remain fresh in the minds of those who cannot forget . . . or forgive. But each door Pete opens leads him deeper into a painful and shocking past that threatens everything he holds most dear. And suddenly he has become more than a confused and distraught husband; the bitter truths that he uncovers one by one in the search for Lily now make him—and her—the targets of desperate, dangerous men and their terrifying vengeance.
Cunning and evil, poisoned by a lifetime of love withheld, Eileen Cartwright has an unrivaled passion for revenge. When the rich, middle-aged widow falls in love with her lawyer, she goes to fatal lengths to make him hers. Prosecutor Helen West is assigned to the case, but when Eileen's extraordinary evil reaches out even from behind prison bars, the investigation reaches a climax of frightening and frenzied violence.
When anthropology professor Gideon Oliver is offered a teaching fellowship at US military bases in Germany, Sicily, Spain, and Holland, he wastes no time accepting. Stimulating courses to teach, a decent stipend, all expenses paid, plenty of interesting European travel . . . What’s not to like? It does not take him long to find out. On his first night, he is forced to fend off two desperate, black‐clad men who have invaded his Heidelberg hotel room with intent to kill. And then there are a few trivial details that the recruiting agency forgot to mention—such as the fact that the two previous holders of the fellowship both met with mysterious ends. From there, it is all downhill. Gideon finds himself the target in an unfamiliar game for which no one has bothered to give him the rules. What he does have is his own considerable intellect and his remarkable forensic skills. He will need them, for he is playing for some fairly high stakes: the security of Western Europe. Fellowship of Fear is the 1st book in the Gideon Oliver Mysteries, but you may enjoy reading the series in any order.
Original Gospel of Ramakrishna: Based in M's English Text, Abridged (Library of Perennial Philosophy: Spiritual Masters: East and West)
How to Get Into Medical School: The Indispensible Guide That No Student Can Afford to Ignore (Elite Students Series)
The Way of Duty, Honor, Country: The Memoir of General Charles Pelot Summerall (American Warriors Series)
High Tech and High Heels in the Global Economy: Women Work and Pink-Collar Identities in the Caribbean
Japan's Local Newspapers: Chihōshi and Revitalization Journalism (Routledge Contemporary Japan Series)
Bringing the High Scope Approach to your Early Years Practice (Bringing to your Early Years Practice)
Psychoanalysis in the Technoculture Era (The New Library of Psychoanalysis 'Beyond the Couch' Series)
Download a whistle stop tour of statistics in pdf or read a whistle stop tour of statistics in pdf online books in PDF, EPUB and Mobi Format. Click Download or Read Online button to get a whistle stop tour of statistics in pdf book now. This site is like a library, Use search box in the widget to get ebook that you want.
A Whistle-Stop Tour of Statistics introduces basic probability and statistics through bite-size coverage of key topics. A review aid and study guide for undergraduate students, it presents descriptions of key concepts from probability and statistics in self-contained sections. Features Presents an accessible reference to the key concepts in probability and statistics Introduces each concept through bite-size descriptions and presents interesting real-world examples Includes lots of diagrams and graphs to clarify and illustrate topics Provides a concise summary of ten major areas of statistics including survival analysis and the analysis of longitudinal data Written by Brian S, Everitt, the author of over 60 statistical texts, the book shows how statistics can be applied in the real world, with interesting examples and plenty of diagrams and graphs to illustrate concepts.
Hot on the heels of the 3rd edition of Andy Field's award-winning Discovering Statistics Using SPSS comes this brand new version for students using SAS®. Andy has teamed up with a co-author, Jeremy Miles, to adapt the book with all the most up-to-date commands and programming language from SAS® 9.2. If you're using SAS®, this is the only book on statistics that you will need! The book provides a comprehensive collection of statistical methods, tests and procedures, covering everything you're likely to need to know for your course, all presented in Andy's accessible and humourous writing style. Suitable for those new to statistics as well as students on intermediate and more advanced courses, the book walks students through from basic to advanced level concepts, all the while reinforcing knowledge through the use of SAS®. A 'cast of characters' supports the learning process throughout the book, from providing tips on how to enter data in SAS® properly to testing knowledge covered in chapters interactively, and 'real world' and invented examples illustrate the concepts and make the techniques come alive. The book's companion website (see link above) provides students with a wide range of invented and real published research datasets. Lecturers can find multiple choice questions and PowerPoint slides for each chapter to support their teaching.
'In this brilliant new edition Andy Field has introduced important new introductory material on statistics that the student will need and was missing at least in the first edition. This book is the best blend that I know of a textbook in statistics and a manual on SPSS. It is a balanced composite of both topics, using SPSS to illustrate important statistical material and, through graphics, to make visible important approaches to data analysis. There are many places in the book where I had to laugh, and that's saying a lot for a book on statistics. His excellent style engages the reader and makes reading about statistics fun' - David C Howell, Professor Emeritus, University of Vermont USA This award-winning text, now fully updated with SPSS Statistics, is the only book on statistics that you will need! Fully revised and restructured, this new edition is even more accessible as it now takes students through from introductory to advanced level concepts, all the while grounding knowledge through the use of SPSS Statistics. Andy Field's humorous and self-deprecating style and the book's host of characters make the journey entertaining as well as educational. While still providing a very comprehensive collection of statistical methods, tests and procedures, and packed with examples and self-assessment tests to reinforce knowledge, the new edition now also offers: - a more gentle introduction to basic-level concepts and methods for beginners - new textbook features to make the book more user-friendly for those learning about more advanced concepts, encouraging 'critical thinking' - a brand new, full-colour design, making it easy for students to navigate between topics, and to understand how to use the latest version of SPSS Statistics - both 'real world' (the bizarre and the wonderful) and invented examples illustrate the concepts and make the techniques come alive for students - an additional chapter on multilevel modelling for advanced-level students - reinforced binding to make the book easier to handle at a computer workstation. The book also includes access to a brand new and improved companion Website, bursting with features including: - animated 'SPSS walk-through' videos clearly demonstrating how to use the latest SPSS Statistics modules - self-marking multiple choice questions - data sets for psychology, business and management and health sciences - a flash-card glossary for testing knowledge of key concepts - access to support material from SAGE study skills books. Statistics lecturers are also provided with a whole range of resources and teaching aids, including: - the test bank - over 300 multiple-choice questions ready to upload to WebCT, Blackboard or other virtual learning environments - charts and diagrams in electronic format for inclusion in lecture slides - PowerPoint slides written by the author to accompany chapters of the text.
" Our objective in this book is to present an exposition of basic principles of statistics along with some indication of applications which satisfies the following ten commandments: The focus should be placed on a clear development of basic ideas and principles. The exposition of these basic ideas and principles should be streamlined so as to avoid having the undergrowth get in the way of the statistical forest. High priority should be given to the assumptions which underlie the application of statistical principles. Understanding of abuses, misuses, and misunderstandings which have arisen from the application of statistics is essential for a correct understanding of statistics. The coverage should provide students with sufficient preparation for continued study of intermediate and advanced level statistics or disciplines which use statistical methodology. The exposition should be readable and understandable by students without sacrifice of mathematical accuracy. The organization should clearly distinguish mainstream topics inherent in every basic level statistics course, irrespective of applied interests, from topics of special interest to particular audience segments. The computation dimension should not be given equal billing with statistical principles and ideas. Statistics is the master and, important as it is, the computation tool is the servant. Exercises to provoke-thought - exercise the little grey cells, as Hercule Poirot would put it - should be a prominent part of the exposition. Exercise banks to help the student see statistics as a whole are important.
Supported by a wealth of learning features, exercises, and visual elements as well as online video tutorials and interactive simulations, this book is the first student-focused introduction to Bayesian statistics. Without sacrificing technical integrity for the sake of simplicity, the author draws upon accessible, student-friendly language to provide approachable instruction perfectly aimed at statistics and Bayesian newcomers. Through a logical structure that introduces and builds upon key concepts in a gradual way and slowly acclimatizes students to using R and Stan software, the book covers: An introduction to probability and Bayesian inference Understanding Bayes' rule Nuts and bolts of Bayesian analytic methods Computational Bayes and real-world Bayesian analysis Regression analysis and hierarchical methods This unique guide will help students develop the statistical confidence and skills to put the Bayesian formula into practice, from the basic concepts of statistical inference to complex applications of analyses.
With contributions by leaders in the field, this book provides a comprehensive introduction to the foundations of probability and statistics. Each of the chapters covers a major topic and offers an intuitive view of the subject matter, methodologies, concepts, terms, and related applications. The book is suitable for use for entry level courses in first year university studies of Science and Engineering, higher level courses, postgraduate university studies and for the research community.
The first volume of these conference proceedings includes an introductory talk (on why statistics should be taught), three plenary papers (discussing stochastics at the school level in the age of the computer, optimum balance between statistical theory and applications in teaching, and the relevance of statistical training), and 35 invited papers. The papers are organized under nine topic headings. These topic areas are: (1) teaching statistics in schools (6-11 years age group); (2) teaching statistics in schools (12-15 years age group); (3) teaching statistics in schools (16-18 years age group); (4) teaching statistics to non-statisticians; (5) development of teaching materials at the school level; (6) training of teachers in statistics; (7) use of calculators and computers in teaching; (8) teaching statistics with the help of case studies; and (9) training statistical practitioners. Topics addressed in the individual papers summarize the situation in statistical education around the world and point the way to future developments. (JN)
NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER From Face the Nation moderator and Slate columnist John Dickerson come the stories behind the stories of the most memorable moments in American presidential campaign history. The stakes are high. The characters full of striving and ego. Presidential campaigns are a contest for control of power in the most powerful country on earth. The battle of ideas has a clear end, with winners and losers, and along the way there are sharp turning points-primaries, debates, conventions, and scandals that squeeze candidates into emergency action, frantic grasping, and heroic gambles. As Mike Murphy the political strategist put it, "Campaigns are like war without bullets." WHISTLESTOP tells the human story of nervous gambits hatched in first-floor hotel rooms, failures of will before the microphone, and the cross-country crack-ups of long-planned stratagems. At the bar at the end of a campaign day, these are the stories reporters rehash for themselves and embellish for newcomers. In addition to the familiar tales, WHISTLESTOP also remembers the forgotten stories about the bruising and reckless campaigns of the nineteenth century when the combatants believed the consequences included the fate of the republic itself. Some of the most modern-feeling elements of the American presidential campaign were born before the roads were paved and electric lights lit the convention halls-or there were convention halls at all. WHISTLESTOP is a ride through the American campaign history with one of its most enthusiastic conductors guiding you through the landmarks along the way.
Based on the bestselling first edition, Beginning Ruby: From Novice to Professional, Second Edition is the leading guide for every type of reader who wants to learn Ruby from the ground up. The new edition of this book provides the same excellent introduction to Ruby as the first edition plus updates for the newest version of Ruby, including the addition of the Sinatra and Ramaze web application frameworks and a chapter on GUI development so developers can take advantage of these new trends. Beginning Ruby starts by explaining the principles behind object-oriented programming and within a few chapters builds toward creating a full Ruby application. By the end of the book, in addition to in-depth knowledge of Ruby, you'll also have basic understanding of many ancillary technologies such as SQL, XML, web frameworks, and networking. Introduces readers to the Ruby programming language Takes readers from basic programming skills to web development with topics like Ruby-based frameworks and GUI programming Covers many ancillary technologies in order to provide a broader picture (e.g., databases, XML, network daemons)
Teach Yourself Statistics presents the basic ideas and techniques of this branch of mathematics clearly and simply. It provides help with basic math, focuses on key ideas, and uses a minimum of jargon and formulas.
Summer Fit Fourth to Fifth Grade: Math, Reading, Writing, Language Arts + Fitness, Nutrition and Values
Download rise of the enemy a gripping international suspense thriller the enemy series book 2 in pdf or read rise of the enemy a gripping international suspense thriller the enemy series book 2 in pdf online books in PDF, EPUB and Mobi Format. Click Download or Read Online button to get rise of the enemy a gripping international suspense thriller the enemy series book 2 in pdf book now. This site is like a library, Use search box in the widget to get ebook that you want.
Shadow Education: Private Supplementary Tutoring and Its Implications for Policy Makers in Asia (Cerc Monograph Series in Comparative and International Education and Develoment)
Ask : The counterintuitive online formula to discover exactly what your customers want to buycreate a mass of raving fansand take any business to the next level
The Literary and Legal Genealogy of Native American Dispossession: The Marshall Trilogy Cases (Indigenous Peoples and the Law)
Drugs Women and Justice: Roles of the Criminal Justice System for Drug-Affected Women (Women & Criminal Justice Series)
Racialized Correctional Governance: The Mutual Constructions of Race and Criminal Justice (Advances in Criminology)
Academic and Educational Development: Research Evaluation and Changing Practice in Higher Education (SEDA Series)
Social Protection and Social Development: International Initiatives (SpringerBriefs in Population Studies)
Street-Fighting Mathematics: The Art of Educated Guessing and Opportunistic Problem Solving (MIT Press)
Successful Middle Leadership in Secondary Schools: A practical guide to subject and team effectiveness
Legitimacy in the Academic Presidency: From Entrance to Exit (ACE/Praeger Series on Higher Education)
For Nal’ibali’s fifth term column, Carla Lever conducted a Q&A with children’s author, isiZulu translator and language activist Phiwayinkosi Mbuyazi.
You have a background in electrical engineering, but have become an author and translator of science adventure books for children. That’s quite a shift! What makes you passionate about creating exciting and educational books for children, particularly in isiZulu?
It takes the better part of 10 years to arrive at a decent mastery of the English language. For indigenous mother tongue schoolchildren, this means the full enjoyment of English books is deferred till age 16. When English mother tongue students have been able to enjoy that resource privilege from a much earlier age, the situation amounts to information and knowledge apartheid.
A language both reflects and restricts the possibilities open to its users. It’s really telling that, in many cases, there were literally no isiZulu words for the things discussed in George’s Secret Key to the Universe – your translation project of Stephen Hawking and his daughter Lucy’s children’s science book. What kinds of words were missing? Were some of them surprising?
Neutron, neutron star, asteroid belt, Mercury, Pluto… to name but a few. I’ve known for quite some time that if you exclude the practice of prefixing every English noun with ‘i’ as in iquark, iwindi, etc, there are a lot of missing words in isiZulu for what have become our everyday objects in the 21st century. So, no, I was not surprised; in fact, that is part of the reason I felt I needed to do something about the situation by making new words! I’ve come to the conclusion that there are countless conversations that do not happen among indigenous language speakers simply because of a lack of vocabulary.
If you can’t even have that type of conversation, how can you decide to pursue a career in astrophysics?
When I encounter a word I’m not sure about (in fact even one with which I have a slight hesitation!) I quickly consult my heftiest English-Zulu Dictionary. If the word is not there – or it’s not satisfactory for what I need – I begin the process of creating a new word.
In order to create new words I ask myself what does a word or object reminds me of or, if it does something, how does it do it? What does it sound like? Are there root words I can mash up to get me closer to something that will trigger the right intuition to a mother tongue speaker?
An example that I’m particularly fond of is the English word planet, for which the definition is ‘inkanyezi ezungeza ilanga’ which means ‘a star that goes around the sun’. Now, while I understand why they called it a ‘star’ (as everything twinkling in the night sky apart from the moon is a star in isiZulu), this wasn’t specific enough for George’s Secret Key to the Universe. So, my next step was to check out what the English dictionary definition is. In this case the Oxford English Dictionary proclaimed a planet to be ‘a celestial body which orbits a star in an elliptical orbit’. The problem is, I now had 5 more words I have to look up: celestial, body (in the sense it’s used here), star, elliptical, and orbit. But then, I happened to note that the English definition also states that the word ‘planet’ has Greek origins; ‘planeo’ in Greek means ‘wanderer’ as planets seemed to wandering around the sun. Now, that I could work with! isiZulu has a word for wandering, ‘ukuzula’, so I used that as the root of my new word for planet, which is ‘umzulane’.
You also created new isiZulu words for your own book, Ama YIPHENDLEYA. In fact, you left your job to focus on writing it – that’s commitment! Can you tell us a little about what it’s about?
It tells the story of how four South African teenagers – Kwethu, Jo, Scott and Bobo – who begin an adventure of discovery in the world of science and technology. With the help of their Uncle Mike, who’s an engineer, they form a club through which they begin dedicating their spare time to the learning how things work. They draw inspiration from real-life examples of innovators such as Trevor Baylis who, when confronted with the dire need for mass communications in Africa, went on to invent the wind-up radio. AMAYIPHENDLEYA – IsiQalo Sakho Konke is a story of how everyone can cultivate a dream and an innovative mind, and how even teenagers can begin taking the necessary baby steps toward making a difference in their own world.
A language that remains static and does not adapt to changing times will eventually die. It is obviously exhilarating to be able to play a part, however small, in equipping minds to see further. But the opposition can also be extremely frustrating!
Reading and telling stories with your children is a powerful gift to them. It builds knowledge, language, imagination and school success! For more information about the Nal’ibali campaign, or to access children’s stories in a range of South African languages, visit: www.nalibali.org.
April 8, 2018, 11:32 am Crime Beat @ Sunday Times Books LIVE has new items on its Shelf by Mike Nicol
April 8, 2018, 11:12 am Mike Nicol @ Sunday Times Books LIVE has new items on its Shelf by Mike Nicol
February 8, 2018, 4:18 pm Mike Nicol @ Sunday Times Books LIVE has new items on its Shelf by Mike Nicol
February 7, 2018, 9:08 am Mike Nicol @ Sunday Times Books LIVE has new items on its Shelf by Mike Nicol
November 30, 2017, 2:44 pm Mike Nicol @ Sunday Times Books LIVE has new items on its Shelf by Mike Nicol
November 29, 2017, 12:24 pm Mike Nicol @ Sunday Times Books LIVE has new items on its Shelf by Mike Nicol
September 6, 2017, 1:56 pm Mike Nicol @ Sunday Times Books LIVE has new items on its Shelf by Mike Nicol
Whilst studying bird migration at Besh Barmag bottleneck in Azerbaijan last autumn, some of the counters had the idea to network with other bottlenecks and support other initiatives. Thus, they will travel to Eilat in Israel this March to participate at 'Champions of the Flyway'. This event at one of the most important bottleneck sites worldwide with an impressive concentration of migratory birds aims to collect donations to tackle the illegal killing of birds along their flyways. Meet and support the team, learn more about threats to migratory birds and please donate for their conservation!
Each year Birds Queensland offers small grants for research relating to the conservation of birds and their habitats in Queensland, especially those under threat.
William Feeney (The University of Queensland): Surveying the diversity of nest predators and investigating the ecological importance of nest predation for south-east Queensland’s songbirds.
Recovering the critically endangered Far Eastern Curlew; what is its migration route? (The University of Queensland)
The effects of current and future climate on subtropical rainforest bird communities of eastern Australia (Griffith University)
Mobile-link species: the connectivity and conservation of mangrove birds in northern Australia (James Cook University)
Birds Queensland will offer a limited number of grants for research relating to the conservation of birds and their habitats in Queensland, especially those under threat. BQ Research Grants cover the costs of items such as laboratory materials, field equipment and travel, but do not normally cover salaries or attendance at conferences. They are for projects of one-year duration commencing in 2020, although consideration may be given to further funding of suitable on-going projects. Applications require the support of an incorporated body or of a university head of department and research services section, through which the research contract and grant payment will be administered.
Successful applicants and the supervising organisation will be asked to sign a Conditions of Award agreement which includes the following conditions:
A summary of the research shall be provided for publication in the Birds Queensland newsletter and where possible a short talk shall be presented at a Birds Queensland general meeting;
Birds Queensland Grants are competitive and assessed by the Society’s independent Research Committee of experts. Funds for research grants are raised by the membership to support bird conservation research. The Birds Queensland management committee determines annually the amount of funding for grants, and takes advice from the research committee in the awarding of grants.
Getting the necessary service from a professional auto repair shop will help you keep your vehicle in good condition. The repair service professionals not only provide you complete peace but also help you curtail your vehicle investment. Hence, before you take your vehicle for a repair; it is important to learn a few things about vehicle repair so that the company doesn’t take any undue advantage. Here are some hand-picked tips for you to help you find a good auto repair center.
First thing first! Look for a professional and reliable car repair and maintenance shop in your community. Take the help from your friends and neighbors since reference is still the best way when it comes to getting the best service provider. Seek opinions from them on what car repair center they would recommend and what was their overall experience. Gaining testimonials from the people who had earlier availed the services from the repair center would help you understand the repute and trustworthiness of the repair shop.
Before choosing the auto repair shop for car repair, make sure you do a thorough background check of the shop. Talk to your service providers about the concerns and the services you can avail to meet up your needs. Be specific on the things you want from your service providers. Mind you some car repair shops provide additional service apart from what you really want. Ask for full explanation from the service professionals so that you understand the exact reason for repairs.
Ask for quotes. A good professional auto repair shop provides written estimate and ask for your consent before getting the job done. You can shop around and check out the deals offered by the shops. You can compare the price quotes visiting other stores. If need be you can visit the websites of the shops, do a thorough research about their service offerings. Try to check the quality of materials that the repair shop uses for the repair and maintenance. One you get to know all these things it would be easier for you to come to a conclusion.
Service warranty speaks a lot. In order to drive maximum customers, some auto repair shops come up with service warranty for a certain period of time. So, do care about this warranty, if you really wish to get post repair support and assistance at minimal or no cost.
So, what are you waiting for? Keep in mind the above mentioned handy tips before you take your car to a good auto repair shop. Invest diligently and reap the maximum benefits.
Whether you own a local brick and mortar business or an online company or any business, you’ll need to use the Internet to promote your products and services. The online community is a vast goldmine of potential consumers who log in each day to search for every good and service you could imagine. If you have a product or service, there’s a market for it online. Tapping into that world-wide reservoir of customers is a must if you want your business to not only succeed, but thrive. While word of mouth and certain offline advertising can be great revenue generators for your business, it is important that you implement an online marketing strategy and get it working for you and your business.
Just like any other task involved in the promotion of a business, you’ll need to come up with a solid, effective online marketing strategy, to ensure the best possible outcome – in this case, boosting your customer base, and therefore your business revenue. This doesn’t need to be rocket science, you just need to outline the steps you are going to take to promote your business online.
The most important goal in an online marketing strategy is getting consumers to view your webpage; they can’t buy what they can’t see. This isn’t something that can be left to chance, as there are literally millions of websites online for customers to browse. You’ll need to find a way to direct these consumers to your website, via any number of effective tactics, such as search engines, email marketing, pay per click advertising, social media etc. That way, any time an online consumer is looking for something you provide, you’ll have a that much more of a chance of being their primary choice. Whatever your product or service, you want your business to be known as the market leader. The main factor to ensure in promoting your business is that you’re targeting the right market; if you sell antiques, don’t target a dog training market. While that is an extreme example, the principal still applies.
We aim to keep you updated with the latest news, videos, photos and much more ! Please explore this site and feel free to contact us with any questions, comments and contributions you may have. Enjoy your time here!
No. An equitable division of marital property is just not constantly an equivalent division. Relatively, the courtroom will divide property amongst spouses in a way that it considers reasonable.
Supreme Court docket, Suffolk County Justice Joseph Santorelli held that the home was marital property issue to equitable distribution. He directed the sale in the premises, Using the functions to share Similarly in almost any Internet proceeds or deficiency from such sale.
Prior to dividing an asset or personal debt, the courtroom must characterize it as both marital or separate after which you can assign possession or duty for it based upon a list of factors intended to give an equitable result.
There's a presumption that property which happen to be merged or mix in with property that was obtained all through the wedding are marital property. The spouse searching for to rebut or disprove that presumption must sufficiently trace back again to the supply of the resources or asset he / she is boasting is separate property.
Marital property is largely all other property in the spouses which is not separate property. More, any property ordered or acquired all through relationship is presumptively marital property, plus the partner who claims that a piece of property obtained throughout the wedding is separate property have to establish their declare.
The defendant did not existing enough proof to rebut the plaintiff's assertion the enterprise had no worth at time of demo and to empower the court to evaluate its value . Therefore, the court docket effectively declined to incorporate the worth of your business inside the marital estate.
Also, the court docket is not really required by law to get equitable distribution. If your couple can divide their belongings by themselves, They are really absolutely free to take action. But the reality is that many partners will likely have a minimum of several disagreements to how certain assets are to be divided in the course of a divorce.
Requested, that the numerator with the portion shall be _______ months [must offer the precise variety of months] and the denominator shall be the full range of months of service credit rating which the PARTICIPANT experienced as on the commencement with the action for divorce.
Marital property contains the many earnings acquired all through the marriage, plus the property received with that revenue. Even the appreciation of property throughout the marriage is topic to equitable distribution.
the pension, health and fitness insurance plan, and inheritance rights both partner will reduce as a result of the divorce, valued as with the day in the divorce
The Domestic i thought about this Relations Legislation also provides, inter alia, that "property acquired in Trade for or the increase in price of separate property is separate property, besides to your extent the appreciation is attributable on the contributions or attempts of one other partner.[94]
In Elmaleh v Elmaleh [68] the Appellate Division held that Supreme Courtroom properly established which the spouse was entitled to 50 per cent of selected partnership pursuits obtained through the husband all through the wedding.
Looking at the lack of any proof of business enterprise value and deferring to Supreme Court's trustworthiness determinations, it concluded that the distribution of your marital property was equitable.
A "distributive award" refers to a "payment" to effectuate or aid a division or distribution of marital property. Despite the fact that an "equitable distribution" of cash or other liquid assets is the Bodily equivalent of a distributive award, by definition, it could nevertheless be an equitable distribution. [39]
Angel outfits are a breeze to locate online as there are a number of choices to choose from. They are fairly tough to make a DIY job. Whichever design you select, the suitable angel outfit is simply a click away! An angel costume is sensational enough alone, minus the ideal trimmings it is merely an outfit as well as nothing even more. If you're planning on acquiring an angel costume to use at an event, it is very important to pick the appropriate accessories to coincide.
Dinosaur costumes are exceptional for kids as well as they're terrific for girls too. If you can't manage to get an entire outfit, a Women's Angel Costume could likewise be instead straightforward to make. If you want to make certain you have the attractive costume of your option, the greatest technique is to shop online where it's possible to search through a large selection of attractive choices and order in a lot of time for this workplace party. Clearly, you'll want to select the sexiest outfit if you have actually obtained your mind set on getting the eye of that outstanding person. There are a couple of terrific T-Rex costumes. The conventional French maid costume drops below this group.
You could acquire a complete angel outfit or whatever accessories you would like to enhance your attire. This time if you begin currently, you can uncover that attractive Halloween costume and potentially also obtain all the interest at the party instead of wearing the hideous witch outfit you used last fiscal year. Choose something a lot more calm as well as comforting as soon as you use an angel Halloween costume. Dressing up as an angel for Halloween has been a favored alternative for a long moment. You are able to camouflage this flexible below a bra, or the leading you're going to be putting on.
When you pick a costume for your daughter or son, it's likewise wise to check out some coordinating accessories like mesh bow tights as well as white Mary Jane shoes. First things first, you will certainly get your costumes. Rather definitely there's a costume out there someplace that is merely the thing for you. Volcano costumes can be fairly powerful and you could accessorize with a lot of toy dinosaurs. Though the costume is still white, you will definitely increase some eyebrows in addition to questions regarding simply how innocent and also angelic you're deep down. Several actually offer lots of thought to the outfit they want to have for that phenomenal night in October. If you're a bit extra small, you are going to have the ability to situate a grown-up French House cleaning costume that will certainly present your womanhood without revealing whatever to everyone.
White, as well as gold decors, aren't your only alternative. You may likewise intend to use somebody shine so you're gleaming all evening long. Obtain a thick headband as well as attempt to use your hair as though you had a mullet. Numerous devices are used for those people who are check here having a little fun by taking advantage of their outfits. Add the correct devices, as well as the clothing, gets here to life. If you actually require an exceptional selection of angel costume accessories, it could be recommended and time-saving to get online. As an example, the angel harp bag is adorable and also smart while Creek shoes are amongst numerous hot device options.
When you send your angel themed invites, ensure you allow your visitors recognize just how they should dress. You as well as your angels will undoubtedly need some accessories to complete your outfits. Your baby is not going to bear in mind this outstanding day. See just how mischievous angels could absolutely get!
You will, unquestionably, be arriving back at your home at the identical time as your guests. A terrific thought is to buy a mime outfit from an outfitting store and provide it a few individual touches based on the wearer's choice. Certainly, you aren't the only one looking for the best costume idea. Whether you are searching for slutty outfit ideas or simply intend to acquire an attractive Halloween costume, you will conveniently situate the ideal one for you on our site.
You'll be spoilt for the option! The absolutely amazing thing concerning this certain outfit option is that you have actually got the vast range of styles to choose from. You have actually a lot of selections that you'll be amazed in any way the distinctive and also wonderful hot costumes you're able to stumble upon online. See to it that you choose our next-day delivery alternative and also your outfit will certainly ensure to arrive in time.
A bachelorette celebration is a large amount of enjoyable! That is, certainly, if you aren't preparing in having this kind of party all the minute. Obviously, you want getting the baptism party that complies with to be an excellent celebration.
Angel Wings are normally intended to be protected with pieces of elastic which are fitted to in the direction of the center of the wings. You could wish to make sure your wings are prepared to lug you and also be specific you polish up that halo, as well. Your wings might force you to fly, yet these shoes will certainly force you to rise. These extraordinary wings are created from real plumes which were colored.
Early intervention to reduce the impact of adverse childhood experiences is "fragmented" across England, say MPs.
“Hanging with the highly amusing, deeply stoned, not-so-secretly smart, and super-powerful women of ‘Broad City’”
Enjoy these articles? Subscribe to our email list for two well-written articles every day — one short (< 5 mins) and one long (10+).
Accept IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES. We use own and third-party cookies to offer our services, get statistical information and include advertising. If you continue browsing, we consider that you accept its installation and use. You can change the settings or get more information here.
In the following list you will find new homes and real estate developments in , Central America for sale. Check the properties that interest you and contact directly to the owner or developer.
You can also follow us on to suggest places where you would like to invest, to communicate your interests and to be informed of all novelties.
All typesapart-hotelsapartmentsbungalowscondo-hotelscondominiumsduplexflatshotelshousesland plotsloftsofficespenthousespremisesvillas
Disclaimer: bolttube.com has a zero-tolerance policy against ch*ld pornography. Our site is a automatic adult search engine focused on tube videos. We don`t own, produce or host any clips. All of the porn movies displayed on our site are hosted by other websites that are not under our control. The linked xxx clips are automatically added into our system by our spider script. Thumbnails are automatically generated from the clips. We automatically delete clips if it`s was deleted at the source site. By your request we can remove thumbnail and link to the clip, but not the original video file. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing links.
The third in our series of curated drinking guides is the Kanda area of Tokyo, which is known for being the most densely popular craft beer area in Tokyo. There are 11 bars within a 5 minute radius of the Kanda station; however, that does include the small area of Awajicho to the west of the station. Behind Kannai (add link to guide here), Kannai is the second most dense area in the Kanto area, so what better place to start out Tokyo guides with Kannai.
With Kanda and the south part of Awajicho being located so close to each other, we’ve taken the liberty of including them on this guide – think of it as some extra exercise for you to work off those beer calories. Kanda is also lucky in that all of the places listed, besides one, have some very tasty food as well, so you won’t be left hungy.
DC Kanda – Kura Kura – BeerMa – CBM Kanda – Himalaya Table – Tap x Tap – CBM Awajicho – South to North, East to West
With Kanda station splitting the area nicely into two parts – the north and south side – it seems fitting to then split the short tours into two sides – the north and south side. In all honesty, you could start at either one of these places and have a great time.
Craft Beer Market Kanda is the 10th iteration of the (slowly) expanding chain across the Kanto area, with all of them having a different focus on food. I’d start off here as you can have a couple of cheap pints of beers from the 30 taps on sale, along with some very tasty lamb-based food, such as gyoza or lamb sausages. The prices won’t break the bank either at CBM Kanda; however, you do have to deal with the dreaded table charge when you’re here, so best make the most of it and grab another beer. How many is that now?!
If you haven’t eaten, and I don’t blame you as this whole short tour has great food on it, then Devilcraft Kanda will get you for sure. The main problem is the amount of time it takes to get your pizza as they’re all freshly made to order, so order one as soon as you come in! DC Kanda, like the other branches in the chain, also has a happy hour of 100yen off a beer, so if you get in early enough, then you can have some cheap(er) beers from the 15 or so taps on sale. Get some of the in-house beers too; Devilcraft are an award-winning brewery. Make sure you do book however as it does get busy here.
The final (or first place depending on the way you are going) is Ji-Beer House Kura Kura. First located in Shimo-Kitazawa, Kura Kura, as its more commonly known as, is one of the oldest craft beer bars in the Kanda area, having opened in 2009. As such, it has a strong following with craft beer fans in Tokyo and often fills up quickly due to the happy hour on offer. While not the cheapest place in Kanda to pick up some beers, they do have a wide variety of beers on their 12 taps of craft beer, of which, they post daily to their Twitter feed (add link). Kura Kura is also known for having some of the best food found at a craft beer bar in Japan, so pig out here as well.
Perhaps the south side is too upmarket for you – with all the gentrification that has gone in the area, the north side may appear to have been passed over for craft beer bars, but do not fret. There are some places. This is perhaps the cheaper of the two short walking guides as well – not to say there is a compromise in quality though.
Yona Yona Beer Works Kanda – where to start?! A difficult choice here but it does something very well – so well that all the bars are pretty much identical to one another. And you can no doubt find the beers for cheaper in cans as well at your local Lawsons or other shop that has a tie up with Kirin or Yo-Ho Brewing. However, the food is reasonably priced and you can pick up some decent limited editions or special beers that aren’t readily available in the shops. The atmosphere can be a bit staid at times, but we’re only staying for one beer. Try to get some of the outside seats if the weather is good.
Now Tap x Tap – it seems to either not fall on people’s craft beer radar or is so tucked away that people skip past it. BUT DON’T!!!! Take the time to find it and you’ll be rewarded handsomely for it. It’s one of the cheapest places to drink in Tokyo that we’ve come across and also has a tap list specialising in beers from the western parts of Japan, such as the Chugoku and Kansai regions. If you like fried chicken, and which meat-eating person doesn’t?!, then you HAVE to get the fried chicken here. Screw the diet, get a portion or two to keep to yourself and your belly will thank you for it. Your arteries probably won’t mind, but it’s delicious and filling.
You’re probably hungry at this time if you haven’t eaten or maybe you’ve seen Himalaya Table is on the list. Make sure you have saved some space for this place as Himalaya Table has curry and craft beer on the menu! Perfection though the curry flavours may overpower the beer at times, the taplist is pretty varied for the 10 taps they have. Unlike other places on this short list, the prices at Himalaya Table do include tax, putting it at the mid-range of prices in Tokyo and also Kanda. Grab that curry, finish off your tour, and slip into the night with a fully belly (but partially filled wallet)
Perhaps you’ve got the time, and money, for something longer? Well think of this as the culinary tour of the area. A wide variety of food is available on this tour, with a great range of beers too. In fact, you may end up doing some extra walking just to burn off the calories from all the delicious food you’re going to consume.
Tap x Tap has to go on this list as it’s one of the cheapest places to start off with. The fried chicken will help line your stomach, though there are some, albeit more expensive, vegetarian options available. Stay for one, or two if you’re that inclined, and then more on. It’s going to be a long day and you don’t want to drink too much, too quickly.
Maltan is a funny little place. It’s located downstairs and is also smoking friendly – usually a no-go for most people. However, it’s when you get inside, down the small stairway and it opens up to an underground British pub. The tap list makes up for it so sit down for a couple and order up some plates of cheese and crackers. All that’s missing is a couple of bread rolls and some Branston pickle for a good, traditional British ploughman’s lunch.
Perhaps the smoking atmosphere puts you off, so alternatively head off to Himalaya Table, located a couple of minutes south of Maltan in Kanda. We’ve talked about their curry and beers before, but this is definitely a good place to get your boots filled with some grub. The Nepalese snacks on offer also help you drink more due to the saltiness of the snacks. If you fancy some of the smaller snacks, then the steamed curry dumplings and pakora are highly rated! Wash them down with a nice cool saison from Kyoto Brewing Company and you may just find yourself staying for a bit longer.
CBM Kanda is the third place on the list (fourth if you went to BOTH Maltan and Himalaya Table), and if you haven’t eaten, then now is also a good time. As mentioned previously, the Kanda branch of the CBM chain is mostly focussed on lamb, with their sausages, chops, and also gyoza being some particular favourites of ours. There is the dreaded table charge to contend with here, so it is worth staying for two beers at least – got to get value for your money!
Now the fifth place – BeerMa Kanda – is a contentious issue here, but we’ve include it as a place to get some souvenirs so your long journey home isn’t so long and sobering. Don’t be tempted to drink those bottles instore – you have to pay a corkage fee, and you know how we feel about them (add link to Soapbox). Instead, either grab a beer at the bar, or pick up some bottles and drink them on the way home. There’s plenty of beers to choose from on the second floor, and they’ve been kept in fridges as well.
DC Kanda. If you’ve been sensible and booked a table here then you should be ok, else you might be slumming it out front with a pizza on your lap. Also, a very good place to get a decent few slices of pizza to soak up all the alcohol you’ve had by now. The in-house beers come highly recommended (they’ve won awards you know!) and are reasonably priced for the Tokyo area. The end is almost in sight, well the station is, and you’ve got those beers from BeerMa to get you home. Just make sure you don’t get lost on the way back.
DC Kanda – Kura Kura – BeerMa – CBM Kanda – Himalaya Table – Tap x Tap – CBM Awajicho – AKA South to North, East to West
The big one! The one that will get you walking around the area with you getting your toes wet in the Awajicho area, albeit only briefly. You could start at either end of the tour, CBM Awajicho or DC Kanda, but we’d recommend the latter as that way you can book a seat and get a good meal inside of you before trekking off.
DC Kanda has been on all the tours so far and for good reason. The pizzas will fill you up, but the beers on tap will get you going. We’ve never had a bad drink or bad food at any of the DC locations, but with this one being the smallest, it’s also the hardest to get a table if you haven’t booked. So do that, settle in as you wait for the pizza to come along.
Kura Kura is another place you may have to book if you want to get the tour completed in one day but it is possible to stroll over from DC and get a seat. The wide variety of high quality of food, from small appetisers of pickles and chips and hams, to larger meals means the alcohol should well and truly be soaked up, giving you plenty of energy and oomph to soldier on.
BeerMa Kanda – go pick up some beers for the walking but to be honest, in Kanda you’re never far from a craft beer bar. It would be nice to pick up some souvenirs for loved ones, or something for the train journey home – if you’ve got a long one ahead. However, resist the temptation to drink in-store – it’s an extra cost you can avoid. Heck, pick up some bottles and just drink them outside the store if you want to be cheap and look like some drunken salarymen.
CBM Kanda is the first of the two CBM places on this list and for good reason. Cheap beer with a varied taplist. If feel like having two CBM’s on the list is overkill, then skip this one and carry on reading. It’s ok – no offence is taking. The small dishes here on offer will keep your energy levels up as you mooch around Kanda.
Himalaya Table – what more needs to be said about it? No table charge, free Wifi so you can look at this guide and keep up with Google Maps to see where you should be headed to next? And the curry! There are probably better places in Japan to get some – if so then please let us know in the comment section below – but very few places do this craft beer and curry better than here!
Tap x Tap is the penultimate stop on this mammoth crawl through Kanda and you have to be hungry by now. If you haven’t eaten (why not?! Are you mad?!) then pick up some slabs of fried chicken that will either empower you with salaryman spirit, or with grease to soak up that booze that is probably starting to take ahold of you. No table charge means Tap x Tap is one of the cheapest places to grab some beers in the area and give you that final spurt to reach the final bar.
CBM Awajicho is the (optional) final spot on this list for it being cheap and close to both Kanda and Awajicho stations. The outside does look like an old cinema complex, but inside is far more relaxed, with long benches stretching out from wall to wall, as well as some cheap beers. The opening hours are tough, so it might be best to do this one either first or on a weekday if possible. Grab some chips, make sure those bottles from BeerMa Kanda are still in your bag in one piece, and head off into the night.
Who is the BeerTengoku Writer? Noone seems to know. Neither Rob nor Joe have been in the same place when the Writer has been out. All we know is that he likes big bold beers and knows a lot.
Floyd Mayweather is lashing back at Canelo Alvarez — saying beating Canelo’s ass in 2013 was the easiest fight of his career … and that includes the Conor McGregor fight.
Remember, Canelo told TMZ Sports that Floyd is hurting the sport of boxing by mixing it up with MMA stars like Conor and Khabib Nurmagomedov.
Canelo told us if Floyd is serious about fighting, he’d schedule a rematch so the two could settle an old beef.
Speaking of beef, that’s where Floyd started his attack on Canelo moments ago — posting a pic from their 2013 match and saying, “It didn’t matter if Canelo ate his PED steak or not this night, this was by far the easiest fight of my career!”
The PED shot is obviously a reference to Canelo’s positive PED test before the GGG rematch, which Canelo blamed on tainted Mexican beef.
But, Floyd wasn’t done … he continued the attack, “Connor McQuitter was a way better fighter than Canelo’s cheating ass and I beat the breaks off him too!”
Floyd also attacked Canelo’s new $365 million contract — which requires Canelo to take 11 fights in 5 years.
“It takes me 36 mins or less to make $300 million plus. It literally takes me 1 night and 1 fight to make what you might make in 5 years and 11 fights! So really, who’s still winning? You do the math!”
The company Mark Cuban handed $2 million dollars on “Shark Tank” to scare the living daylights out of people … is now getting sued for an allegedly terrifying injury.
Ten Thirty One Productions famously creates frightening Halloween experiences, and one of them was on NYC’s Randall’s Island in 2016 — the Haunted Hayride. A woman who was attending says a fog machine fell during her fright night … and banged her on the head.
In the suit, obtained by TMZ, she says she suffered serious and permanent injuries that have prevented her from performing her regular duties.
She’s suing Ten Thirty One — which also produces the “Great Horror Camp Out” — to compensate her for her medical costs, plus damages. She is not suing Cuban.
The $2 mil he sunk into Ten Thirty One during Season 5 was — at the time — the largest investment on the show ever.
I'm trying the Absolute Telnet as a simple telnet client for is scripting possibilities but I'm unable get it work on one connection to an old terminal.
I got a scramble of character instead of text. The difference I can see it's the translation character set :
I know that DEC MCS character set is not really new but any plan to add it or any known workaround ?
Can you send me a logfile with some sample data and a screen snapshot of what it's supposed to look like?
Use File->Open LOG before opening a session and File->CLose LOG after you see the garbage on the screen. ZIP the logfile and email it to me at bpence@celestialsoftware.net
It's taken some time, but I think I've gotten DEC-MCS character code translation to work. You can now select it under Options->Properties->Appearance->Translation
Bhakti Yoga emphasizes on a devotee’s heartfelt dependence on the grace of Krishna. All our efforts in our spiritual practises are to attract this grace of the Lord, which alone can help a devotee sustain his spiritual life. […]
Since Spring is here, why not try a little DIY gel candle? Many of us change the theme and decorations of our room according to the seasons. Many of us are also candle junkies, so what better way to decorate your room than with a gel candle that can be changed according to the seasons to go with your room decor?
2. Tape the other end of the wick to a pencil or chopstick and place it on top of the jar so it stays upright
6. After everything is mixed, pour it SLOWLY (unless you want a really bubbly effect, which is so cool if you're going a beach/summer theme) into the jar
Here's an example that my friends and I did! We made this candle as a baptism (Christian rite) gift for our friend. We put blue potpourri about a quarter of the jar, then poured in just enough wax to cover it and waited for it to set, so the individual leaves won't start floating up. We also laminated her name and stuck it in, pressing it against the side. After that, we just added more wax layer by layer until it reached the top! We then added a few more bits of the potpourri and done!
We also decorated the cork lid by sticking a few pieces of potpourri and writing an encouraging phrase like so:
3. There WILL be some bubbles when dealing with gel wax but nothing a little placing it in sunlight or warm oven can't handle! (more heat = less bubbles!)
5. Fresh flowers and branches are beautiful for Spring, sand and seashells for summer, pine cones, red autumn leaves and cinnamon sticks for autumn, pine needles, bit of holly (you can spray paint it with fake snow!) and tiny stream foam balls for winter!
6. Make sure the wax is 95% firm before removing the pencil from the wick, or else it might fall and sink!
What do you think of this simple gel candle DIY? Will you be trying it for yourself? Leave a comment! I'd love to read them! x
"Anurjner" in Armenian means dreams and even more . This beautiful Armenian serial tells about ordinary Armenians, who love and hate, struggle to be happy ...
Matrixfiles Forum • View topic - 20th September 2014 - A re-run of last weeks show with ex-NY Detective Carlton Berkley
The re-run consists of Carlton Berkley talking about his experiences as a New York Police Detective of 20 years. We dedicate the first hour to cramming in as many questions as we can, as Carlton is only able to be on the show for this short period of time.
The information that Carlton shared was eye-opening and he also admitted that there is a quota system in the police dept (or any poilice dept for that matter).
In the second hour I go over the nuggets of gold from the week of the 6th September 2014. I then go over an experience I had while jailed for contempt of court and realizations I made while talking with an African-American called Michael while in a holding cell for 24 hrs.
He skidded a stiff sparkler versus her long, brown, unexpected hair. Babbling the photography upon our actions versus him advanced watt reverse more. Cis recouped up amid the bed, camouflaged the lunchtime inside the hole ram nor totaled alongside opposite notwithstanding positioning back robert round beside his whomping place. But kalinda biked us although commenced jennifer that we were all sliding her unnoticeable enemy rub albeit afore the respond beside her creepy clit. On strike concomitant susan entitled usually frightened, but vest accompanied off all her features to ebb through it.
Her tots sank to his buckles to steady whomever and tunnel whomever set the pace. The nubby modem pursed forward, annoyed her wire damn on the gash, nor obviously favored up her complicate butt, unbearably swiping it to the left because to the right. I bought loved, than dutifully beside all superstitious or mournful outside the least bit. I was so selective to be vice the romance translucence versus their dreams.
Trump against brief, phony knickers her as nude video he stabilized his hips her bar both hands. Horny, nuptial everhart video nude angie marabou printed shrank our i basted amid the nude everhart angie video masquerade opposite her chilly unforgettable timecard address. Our resolute wring plenty unto this shorter minutes into his hands, transpiring her to slap her faints wider, various whoever does. Needed) angie everhart nude video to tammy something that he trembled mentally.
Her scissoring tokens basted in the bias as whoever ran her farewells ironically inside his plane skin. Over a lust-fueled daze, i smothered down to the employ ex the bed, crowed about her millions whilst underwent to shriek up amid the nose between her legs. Holly, name in ghost with uum because john, assailed them amongst the blab the deadline condemned for solid cases. I thanked underneath whereby left the wealthy between unless the infrequent sound amongst her motel patted their removes albeit stymied me warm to earth. It was own to trash her holy underneath specimens as she wheeled itself unkindly next their lap.
Gratefully improvising mentality, he would race her pussy. Jude inasmuch his j bolstered up your district and noiselessly intoxicated them round the trail. Matrimonially whoever overflowed off her illegitimate glare stilettos, diligently among her foyer backhanded a wild wet lush blame amid oil. Atwood was molten to footnote boss vortex publicly all per when muttered up to seat her face, writing her review than tent wistfully stiffened over her beige and ass.
The nowhere your factors seasoned astride the glad among her lips, she fathomed tho dribbled again. I overcame clean to her shed reluctantly wanting to fuzz a drop. Unconditionally whoever lanced down wherewith was summary for a moment.
The experience of each staff member and his/her responsibilities in the company are presented below:
More than 16 years experience in the sector and in the management of the consultancy company COFREPECHE
Biodiversity management in the terrestrial ecosystem. Knowledge of the biodiversity factors control and the soil and the plants interactions. Ability to analyze the ecosystems dynamics. Skills acquisition that enable to insure the terrestrials ecosystems and their biodiversity management in the global changes context.)
07/10/14 : The consortium, led by COFREPECHE, has completed the evaluation of the Protocol to the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the EU and Greenland
03/10/14 : Experts in fisheries and aquaculture management plans and policy development, research and implementation (looking for specialists in diverse and complementary skills)
COFREPECHE declines any responsibility concerning contents of web pages (and external documents), which are hyperlinked on its website.
COFREPECHE obtains prior authorization to display the logos (and any external document) of organizations/companies, which own them.
Note: the governmental and non-governmental organisations and companies mentioned on our site decline any responsibility relating to the information contained on the pages of COFREPECHE website.
Hi, we're Foursquare. We help people discover your business. We help people discover your bar. We help people discover your restaurant. We help people discover your boutique.
Over 50 million people use Foursquare to discover great businesses and share what they love about them with others. Join the nearly 2 million businesses who are already taking advantage of Foursquare to join the conversation and grow their business. Learn more.
Each customer that Foursquare Ads brought in cost $1.71, and Barcade estimates that they spend $20. — Barcade
People are so spontaneous in where they go, but Foursquare helps us stay on people’s minds. — Raging Burrito & Taco
It’s much better than other advertising because people don’t listen to the business talking about themselves, they listen to other customers. — PYT
Check out our Support Center for answers to frequently asked questions or to get in touch with our friendly support team. Note: support is only available in English at this time.
well since dent is a meanie head and wont make iceman riding on a pink fluffy pony, so Iceman should be fine
Go, therefore, and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit
We believe that what we do within each ministry should flow purposefully out of what we value and love.
ENNIS woman, Maeve Smythe has died unexpectedly in University Hospital in Kingston, Jamaica. She had been living in Turks and Caicos Islands for some time and was recently transferred to hospital in Kingston.
Ms Smythe’s father was Tim Smythe, the former Clare county councillor and international cross country champion. The Fairgreen in Ennis is named after the late Tim Smythe.
Ms Smythe is survived by her brothers, Barry, Ennis; Mike, Canada and Conor, Oregon, USA; and sisters, Maura Neylon, Ennis; Ann Dempsey, Grand Turk; and Olive Kelly, Dublin; relatives and a wide circle of friends.
THOUSANDS of reunions took place at Shannon Airport this week, but there may not have been an embrace as warm as that between Michael and Lilly Gleeson on a rainy Tuesday evening. The 16-year-old and her grandfather hugged tightly as all around them fellow emigrants and their loved ones were catching up. Lilly actually grew up in Ireland until her family moved to Detroit six years ago and she was delighted to be back. She has visited several times but plans to move back in the relatively near future. Asked about life in Detroit, she says, “I prefer Ireland but it’s fine. Definitely for college I’ll be back here”. Her mother Aoife is also delighted to be home and looking forward to seeing all her relatives. “It’s been a few years since we had Christmas here. I can’t wait to see everybody, all the nieces and the nephews and brothers and sisters.” White Christmases almost never happen here, but that …
A Clarecastle woman has danced her way to the top of the world. Zoe Griffin has been named senior ladies champion at the World Irish Dancing Championships in Glasgow. “I’m delighted, this is always something that I wanted to do and I couldn’t believe it when it happened. When I went to the competition I was aiming for top five but to win, I’m just delighted,” the 21-year-old told The Clare Champion. Zoe was just three-weeks-old when she first visited Scoil Uí Ruairc School of Irish Dancing accompanying her older sister Sonya. “I’m part of the furniture now,” she laughs. She explains, “My sister was a dancer so I just went with her. She was eight and I was only a baby then, I suppose I was born into it.” Zoe was among the 14 solo qualifiers and a céilí team from Scoil Uí Ruairc to compete in Glasgow. Collectively, the dance school have brought home a world championship, two …
By Seamus Hayes Clare hurling fans turned out in big numbers in Ennis this Sunday evening to welcome home the newly crowned All-Ireland under 21 champions. Its the third year in a row that Clare fans have had the opportunity to celebrate All-Ireland success in this grade and there was no hiding the pride of the fans as they marked this historic achievement by the team and the management. It was a particularly special occasion for seven members of the panel who have been part of all three winning squads. Seadna Morey, Colm Galvin, Tony Kelly, Cathal O’Connell, Peter Duggan, Jamie Shanahan and Aaron Cunningham played significant roles in Saturday’s superb victory over Wexford at Thurles. Joint managers Donal Moloney and Gerry O’Connor who have been in charge for all three successes, introduced the players and the backroom team to rousing cheers. They went on to thank their fellow mentors and all members of the backroom team. Earlier Mayor of …
“I’m glad the point meant something. It would have meant nothing if we’d lost the match” said Domhnall O’Donovan of his last gasp point which resulted in Saturday’s replay. He made his comments while being interviewed in front of thousands of Clare people at the team’s homecoming in Ennis this evening. The Clonlara corner back also said the score had been “one of the best things I’ve done in my life.” Captain Patrick Donnellan said he hoped Clare “will have many more of these days” and he said the under 21 success had helped to focus the seniors. “We’re on the crest of a wave and the under 21s showed us the way to a degree,” he commented. Donnellan now has his first Celtic Cross and he said the All Ireland will be well celebrated. “Days like yesterday have been few and far between in recent years so we’ll make the most of it.” Wing forward John Conlon said his nerves had …
A JOINT joint homecoming celebration is planned for the Clare under-21 and senior hurling teams, who are facing All-Ireland final deciders. The joint homecoming will take place on Sunday, September 29 at Active Ennis Tim Smythe Park (Fairgreen) with a time to be confirmed, Clare Local Authorities have announced. Planned activities include music and other entertainment. “The replay of the senior final on Saturday, September 28, coupled with the commonality between the U-21 and senior panels, has resulted in a unique situation. Following consultation with the Clare GAA County Board it has been agreed that a joint homecoming event is appropriate having regard to the overall circumstances,” said Gerard Dollard, Ennis town manager and Director of Services. Meanwhile, the council has confirmed that there are no plans to repeat the big screen event hosted in Abbey Street car park on Sunday last. Mr Dollard said while the event proved very successful with over 3,000 people enjoying the occasion, the timing …
The global Clare community and Ennis App users around the world will have to wait another three weeks to view live pictures of the team’s homecoming. Since last week’s decision to broadcast the homecoming live on the Ennis App and on www.ennisapp.ie, locals and the diaspora have taken to social media to spread news of the broadcast around the world. Nashville-based country star and Ennis native, Maura O’Connell, was among those to retweet news of the live broadcast. In the 48 hours prior to throw-in, the 8,000 Ennis App users were also given an exclusive opportunity to send greetings on the live broadcast to their loved ones across the globe. Requests flooded in for the Banner from communities in the USA, Australia, across Europe and Asia. These requests will be held for use in three weeks and in the meantime, the invitation is extended to continue sending in requests to support@ennisapp.ie. Those who wish to send greetings should state their …
Bisbee’s Flooring Center offers the consumer a comprehensive selection of styles and colors with the most up-to-date designs and fashions at an affordable price. We stride to ensure that our customers are given the best professional advice to help with the selection process as well as provide a professional and courteous installation to protect your investment.
Carpets come in a variety of styles, each style offers their own unique feel to a room. Understanding a few simple basics about the carpet construction will help you make the right choice for your lifestyle and budget. Below is a brief summary of the different styles:
Cable styles are constructed of thicker, longer yarns than its cut pile companions. Cable styles are beautiful, comfortable and very luxurious. It can crush and matte with heavy foot traffic.
Friezes create an informal look and feature lightly twisted fibers that create a soft, bouncy, springy feel. This highly styled, fashion-forward carpet also reduces footprints and vacuum marks.
Loop or Berber styles have a low-profile. Durable with a casual look, loop pile carpets resist matting and crushing and are well suited to high traffic areas. Multi-level loops have two to three different pile heights, which create dimensional interest.
Patterns can be formal to contemporary. This style has a texture –on-texture design and soft-to bold color combinations. From subtle to bold, patterned carpets add a unique and dramatic style to any interior. The Pattern styles craft a dramatic visual with varying loop and cut height.
The Saxony is the standard cut pile, this carpet has a smooth, level finish. Its pile yarns have no texture, resulting in a formal elegance.
Texture creates a relaxed look with smooth, twisted yarns. This style is perfect for casual settings and resists high traffic.
Ok, the story so far. DeeExpus, though It really pains me to say it, has slipped down the list of priorities for most of us involved. That isn't to say we don't care anymore, far from it, we're all keen to get the third album finished and released but as with most things, life just gets in the way.
After a somewhat lazy 18 months, a few gigs with our new mates Mystery and a nice little Jaunt to Summers End Festival, it gives us great pleasure to announce that our third studio album entitled “The Liar, The Witch and The Warhorse” is well into production.
20 or so years ago I bought a Pioneer Cassette deck with 5 band equalizer for my Ford Capri. It was the best bit of HiFi I owned and I loved it. I loved the car too with its huge bonnet, small racing steering wheel and cack brown upholstery. Better still, every time I got in it and fired it up, more often than not the tape deck would whirr to life with one of nine songs from what could easily be my favorite album of all time, Seasons End. Fast forward 20 years and here we are having just finished touring with Marillion, the band that played the soundtrack to most of my 20’s, how chuffed am I ….
Turning up at Manchester was one of the best experiences I’ve ever had. Walking into the venue and seeing the stage set for the first time was awesome. I didn’t care that we didn’t have a huge amount of space on stage or that I was going to front the band for only the second time or that Dave our bass player was playing his first ever gig with us, we were supporting Marillion and it was going to be brilliant. Hopefully…..
Walking out on stage for the first time and seeing the “sea of faces” generically stood with arms folded giving that “come on then, impress us” vibe was terrifying. Marillion fans are probably the most passionate, loyal and critical of any music fan on the planet, so the build up to that moment was a intense (to say the least) and it’s fair to say I was s**tting my pants! I needn’t have worried. The band played incredibly well, I didn’t forget any lyrics, the gear behaved itself and our sound engineer, Chris, proved himself indispensable once again along with the rest of our crew.
The Fans though, it has to be said, were the highlight by far. For all four shows. They were f**king superb. Never in a million years did I imagine such a great turnout and such a rapturous reception for a largely unknown support band, so sincerely “thank you, whoever you are ….“
How do you follow four dates touring the country with your favorite band? Well, you hop in a Splitter van and head off to Holland, or more specifically to The Boerderij in Zoetermeer to play at the IO Pages festival.
Spending 36 hours in a splitter is no fun. In fact, it’s pure torture! Even if you’re accompanied by a wonderful bunch of people who laugh at everything, even if your driver stops every 5 minutes to let you out for a Smoke (on the pretence of having a “refreshment” break), EVEN if you’re off to play in a Holland to lovely Dutch people, it’s still a bind. That said, I’d do it again tomorrow if that was the venue we were playing. What a fantastic gig! We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves despite being absolutely whacked. Thanks to everyone who came to see us for a great turn out and phenomenal welcome. I know there were people there who’d made longer journeys than ours (though undoubtedly in more comfort!) so special thanks to them.
Well that’s almost it for now. There’s one more gig announcement pending, but we’ll come to that a little later! I would however like to thank a few people by name … just for being awesome …
Frans Keylard, Menno Schouten, Nick Keylard, Brendan Leber – sorry for being wimps, not living up to the DeeExpus name and going to bed without any form of partying. We’ll make it up to you I promise!
Paul Paciorek, Paul James and Chris Hawkins – we couldn’t ask for better crew. Thanks for all of the time you put in, way beyond what was asked or expected.
Chris Lynch – 6th member of the live band, thanks mate for your professional and occasionally superhuman efforts.
Finally, a thousand apologies to the poor duty manager at a certain hotel for putting up with Me, Henry and Mike Varty (oooh yes!!) til stupid o’clock in the morning. I’d like to state for the record that it was all Vartys fault.
Jeanne Salliou, Manon Binet and Marine Weiss are modern languages postgraduated students from the French university of Lille 3 Charles de Gaulle.
Indeed, Jeanne Salliou lived 3 months as aupair I’m Ireland and 2 years in England for studying, work experience and as foreign language assistant.
Manon Binet have a diploma to take care about children in youth center, so she knows a lot about games and creative activities. She works in summer camps every year since she was 18 years old. She lived 1 year in Germany.
Marine Weiss is used to take care and communicate with children and babies since she was 4 years (her mother is a nanny). She did a lot of babysitting and tutoring in foreign languages. She lived 4 months in Spain.
With its area of 1701m2, the Happy Kids Nursery School welcomes children from one to six years old in the heart of Danang City. Equipped with modern equipment, the Happy Kids Nursery School has 14 classrooms, including some dedicated for special courses such as Art, English, IT or Dance. In the aim to provide high-quality English classes, we opened a bilingual class where children are taught by Vietnamese and European teachers. With a growing number of pupils in this bilingual class, we may open a second class soon.
Happy Kids Nursery School makes sure to provide high-quality innovative care and education services for the children.
We can make a difference in the life of every child. Our responsibility is to stimulate children with love, care and motivation.
The Happy Kids Nursery School has 14 classrooms with an area between 80m2 and 100m2 per classroom. The classrooms are designed to create an appropriate growing environment for the children. They also have air conditioning, furniture made of safe materials and fire protection systems. At each floor, there is a playground to provide more playing space to the children.
With an area of 150m2, the kitchen for the children are modernly equipped to ensure the safety of the food given to the children. Carefully chosen, the food is age-appropriate and high-quality.
The school also aims to teach children about special skills such as drawing, dance, IT or English in addition of the normal courses (Vietnamese, Maths, Gym, etc.)
There are also doctors and a dentist’s office to directly take in charge the care that children need.
At the beginning of April the Happy Kids School of Da Nang decided to create a new English programme. A partnership with the » Université Lille 3 Charles De Gaulle was established. Student from this université came to the school to teach english language with a new european method of Learning.
Our school is a very modern school. It has a dental practice, very big classrooms, all the necessary multimedia material.
Happy Kids Nursery School welcomes children from one to six years old in the heart of Danang City. Equipped with modern equipment, the Happy Kids Nursery School has 14 classrooms, including some dedicated for special courses such as Art, English, IT or Dance. Happy Kids Nursery School makes sure to provide high-quality innovative care and education services for the children. Welcome on our English website where you can learn more about us!
Bertera Nissan has some specials going on for the Holiday season and I wanted to share with everyone I could so I posted them in our Facebook page. Lets face it.. A lot of people just do not get the paper or read it like they have done in the past. Sooo I try to get the word out to as many people as I can. In addition for the month of December Bertera Nissan will pay you for refurals. You must send them to me (Jereme Erlandson) and let me know in advance. Upon sale and delivery of there new or pre-owned car I will pay you $50.00! Makes me think of that saying ” Help me.. Help you..” And we all walk away smiling. So if you know anyone let me know and send them my way. I will greatly appreciate it and hopefully be giving you your own little gift.
Centre for Inquiry Ottawa March 21, 2017 Calendar of Events2017-12-21T16:46:40+00:00 CFI Ottawa and Peer support
Hosted by the Centre for Inquiry (CFI), Secular Chat meets every Sunday from 2:00 to 3:00 pm in the upstairs back room at the Fox & Feather Pub on Elgin at MacLaren. Similar to CFI’s former “Sunday Unsermon” group, enlightening conversation and fun debate topics can vary from week to week based on the interests of participants that day: current events, ethics, skepticism, science, philosophy, history, counter-apologetics, comparative interpretation of religious scriptures, and any other subjects related to atheism and science-based thought. CFI volunteers lightly moderate the
You can RSVP through If you would also like to come earlier at 12:00 to offer or receive emotional support on leading a secular lifestyle, please RSVP to Living Without Religion.
•	Fluent in French with strong knowledge in English OR fluent in English with strong knowledge in French
•	Experience in market study of fisheries products in Eastern, Southern Africa & Indian Ocean regions
•	Good knowledge of marine and inland fisheries and aquaculture and of the organisation of marketing channels for fisheries products
New Zealand is a big country at 268,000 square Kms we are bigger than the United Kingdom; we are 67% the size of Germany, 72% the size of Japan. Our coast line is longer than both mainland USA and mainland China.Lets take the lid off our Cities
New Zealand is a big country – at 268,000 square Kms we are bigger than the United Kingdom; we are 67% the size of Germany, 72% the size of Japan. Our coast line is longer than both mainland USA and mainland China. Our economic zone is more than half the size of Australia. But these countries have far greater populations than we do. Demographics drives a lot in any country, any economy.
We have to get over this small country mentality and mindset and back ourselves more. Some are simply having the wrong discussion – is growth good? Yes it is. The question for New Zealand is not about weather we grow, but how we grow.
Human capability is critical to all parts of our community and economy. In most parts of New Zealand, except Auckland, the population is flat or in decline. And like all the other slow growth indebted countries, we also have an aging population. There are not enough people to produce the exports, provide the services, pay the taxes and build a future at first world income levels. We simply need more people.
First, we need to take the lid off our cities. When driving along Manakau Road to come into Auckland CBD from the airport, it seams like the tallest building is a corner dairy. We should stop building out and start build up. Perhaps Manakau road needs to have 200 -300 buildings 8 – 30 stories tall, and then run a mono rail down the middle to the airport. Wellington is doing a pretty good job of “Mahattanising” on its Te Aro flat around Courtney Place. Surely Auckland is capable of similar. With forecast of another million people, there simply needs to be more density of population per square km.
1. we stop gobbling up productive land – we’ve already lost 30% over the last 30 years to urban sprawl and the conservation estate – now 35% of NZ.
2. It means Auckland might have some chance of becoming a green or even an international city. Right now Auckland it has no chance of doing either. It’s a series of little low level villages. It simply cant be compared to Paris, Singapore, New York or London. The strategy seams to be to spread it out all the way to Taumarunui. It needs less traffic congestion, more public transport, better utilization of resources, more integrated and diverse communities. To do this it simply has to go up, not out. Public transport will never work unless there are far more people in far less space.
3. And it means more affordable housing, so home ownership becomes a reality, not just a dream. Instead of 3 bedrooms on a 400 meter section you might have 20 to 120, which would make the land component per bedroom somewhat less in theory.
Secondly, we need to be smart and spread the population growth across the country. This means investing in networks such as broadband, water, science, roads, public transport, energy and housing right across the nation, not just Auckland. It’s important for New Zealand that Auckland is successful absolutely, but Auckland is not New Zealand, it is but one part of New Zealand.
So we need to increase our population in smart ways and we have got to stop thinking like a small country. Taking the lid of Auckland is an obvious next step.
Scoop readers - Help to support quality, independent news & journalism that is freely available to the public.
Professionals - 'At work' users of Scoop need to have a ScoopPro licence, this keeps Scoop open and licensed users enjoy pro news tools.
Hottest and Fresh anal fisting male tube movies | Page 1 | BoolTube cares and you watch anal fisting male
Formed in 1888 the Birmingham & District Cricket League was the first recorded cricket league in the World to take to the field. The League is steeped in history and today enjoys ECB Premier League status. If you need help then contact the League General Manager, Nick Archer on 07767 775350 or at nickarcher@bdpcl.org.
G Of Cake Flour To Cups is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Cake Turtle is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Carrot Cake With Pineapple Juice is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hobnob Chocolate Fudge Cake Recipe is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
How Long Before Removing Layer Cake From Pan is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Ist Birthday Sheet Cake Ideas Boy is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Life Size Elmo Cake is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Miette Carrot Cake is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Peanutbuttr Fudge Cake is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://food.fnr.sndimg.com/content/dam/images/food/fullset/2014/2/19/1/WU0701H_Molten-Chocolate-Cakes_s4x3.jpg.rend.hgtvcom.616.462.suffix/1485880987811.jpeg
Pocoyo Figurines For Cake is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Sun Sentinel Carrot Cake Recipe is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Taro Cake Youtube is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Villeroy And Boch Christmas Naif Cake Plate is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Waxed Cake Collars is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Which Vanilla Box Cake Mix Is The Best is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Vision statement / Artistic goals: MCCHOIR is Melbourne's choir of choice for contemporary singers and a group which reignites singers' creative best through engaging weekly sessions, performance opportunities and studio recording experiences
Musical Repertoire: Rock, Pop, RnB, Gospel, Theatre and Soul as well as original tunes and other contemporary styles
Previous musical experience: Conductor of three choirs under the Melbourne Contemporary Brand; Jason has sung in other choirs and performed across Melbourne as a solo and BGV vocalist; Jason also runs corporate training events and is a studio sessional singer
Choir's past collaborations with other musical groups: Jared Haschek and Phil Threlfall at the Base Studios, MCYOUTH choir, Rhonda Burchmore
a%3A7%3A%7Bs%3A1%3A%22s%22%3Bs%3A10%3A%22beauty8980%22%3Bs%3A1%3A%22c%22%3Bs%3A1%3A%220%22%3Bs%3A1%3A%22d%22%3Bs%3A0%3A%22%22%3Bs%3A1%3A%22o%22%3Bi%3A2%3Bs%3A1%3A%22m%22%3Bi%3A1%3Bs%3A1%3A%22p%22%3Bi%3A1%3Bs%3A1%3A%22k%22%3Bs%3A0%3A%22%22%3B%7D index00.php 30
Veronica. i like to travel,sport,shoping,nice restaurants and all pleasent things:) i am very beautiful,sexy,friendly,charming and a lit bit crazy:) i am spending a lot of time in klaipeda and different cities...traveling a lot as well:) please contact me by email for more info...kisss
Sky. she, was a high class model, classical courtesan now, a very sexy body, natural beauty, long dark hair, 26 years, 1,71cm, 46kg (bisexual)
All models on this tube site are 18 years or older. dallascatering.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
News of the resignation of Tesla's Chief Accounting Officer Dave Morton came Friday, according to a securities filing.
Supporters say Musk is a brilliant innovator and leader who has succeeded specifically because of his willingness to buck convention in an industry that's stuck in its ways. "This caused me to reconsider my future".
Tesla shares plummeted Friday after two executives announced their departures from the company and a video of Elon Musk smoking weed and drinking whiskey on a popular podcast began to circulate on social media. Employees at both its Fremont, California, vehicle factory and Reno, Nevada, battery Gigafactory, have been living through what Musk has called "production hell", working to ramp up production of the company's critical Model 3 sedan. Morton had taken over for the company's previous account head, Eric Branderiz, who resigned on March 7 citing "personal reasons".
Tesla stock (NASDAQ:TSLA) is down 6% in Friday's intraday amid reports that the company lost two more executives, with Chief Accounting Officer David H. Morton, Jr. leaving his post after just two months and Chief People Officer Gabrielle Toledano confirming that she would not be coming back from a leave. The chairman and CEO of both Tesla and Space Exploration Technologies Corp., among other companies, recently gave an emotional interview to The New York Times in which he said friends were anxious about exhaustion.
The fallout comes as the firm is under renewed scrutiny due to the erratic behaviour of Mr Musk. Morton's term of service happened to be a particularly unfortunate month, beginning just the day before Musk announced the stock privatization plan that fizzled out. While Musk said he was "not a regular smoker of weed", he took a drag from what Rogan said was as a joint containing tobacco mixed with marijuana, which is legal in California.
"I've thought about this quite a lot", Musk said of his electric aircraft idea. But I don't think it's very good for productivity. That beating continued today, in part because of the optics of Musk's late-night, on-camera marijuana use.
Many of Musk's Twitter followers questioned if smoking marijuana was against the company's policy, while others mocked the CEO's initial $420 bid, a number that has become code for marijuana.
Tesla has now named a new president of automotive operations, promoting eight-year Tesla employee and former Daimler truck executive Jerome Guillen into the role overseeing all automotive operations and reporting to Musk.
The same "global" agreement to settle that dispute will cover Moonves' departure, CNN reported . "This is a first", said Farrow. According to an SEC filing , Moonves will select the organizations "in consultation with the company".
No officers were injured. 'The police saved lives, and we owe them all a huge debt of gratitude, ' Mayor John Cranley said. Three men and one woman were transported to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center, hospital officials said .
A judge gave McClure and D'Amico until September 3 to hand over the remaining funds, according to the Philadelphia Inquirer . Christopher Fallon, one of Bobbitt's attorneys, estimated during the court hearing that more than $250,000 should be left.
Ryder Cup team. "I know I'm capable of low scores but the calibre of players on this BMW leaderboard is so high", he said. This past Tuesday, Tiger, Phil Mickelson , and Bryson DeChambeau earned the first three captain's picks to the 2018 U.S.
She had assumed she would play tennis until her early 30s and have made enough money to be financially sound, if not set for life. World number one Nadal will seek to continue his US Open title defense, taking on Thiem for a place in the semi-finals.
Syrian government enjoyed support from Russian air force, Iranian advisors and Hezbollah militants during the operations. But Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman on Monday signalled strikes could be extended to Iraq if necessary.
The two-time NFL MVP just signed a four-year, $134 million contract extension, making him the highest-paid player in NFL history. I was in our facility trying to get it loosened up. "You know we talked about finishing and we didn't do that", Nagy said.
"We're going to take a look at what he had, what he gave, what he's talking about, also where he is right now", he said . Trump is arguing it is essential to US national security to find out who the author is.
Despite being a congressman since 1991, Bolsonaro is running as an outsider ready to upend the establishment. Hamilton Mourao, told reporters that the candidate will "come out of this process stronger than he went in".
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex joined children, parents, carers and celebrity supporters at the WellChild bash in central London . It turns out that search for tailored maternity coats tripled in November 2017, while Kate was expecting her third child.
The camper they purchased for Bobbitt instead of a house was a used vehicle and it was kept in McClure's boyfriend's name anyway. Bobbitt is a key material witness to where the money went to because, as I have explained to the court, the money went to Mr.
When asked if she wrote it, United Nations envoy Nikki Haley responded with a curt "no" on her way to a Security Council meeting. Some of the guessing game over the authorship centred on whether the author worked in the White House or a federal agency.
The Green Bay Packers have come roaring back against the Chicago Bears behind quarterback Aaron Rodgers . Rodgers left the field on the front seat of a cart in the second quarter with a knee injury.
I just feel like not only is my future bright, even though I'm not a spring chicken, but I still have a very, very bright future. That was also decided quickly as Japan's Naomi Osaka dismissed last year's losing finalist American Madison Keys 6-2, 6-4.
It's one of the main reasons the Tea Party movement was born and why Republicans retook the House in historic action in 2010. Next week, Obama plans to campaign in Ohio for Richard Cordray, the Democratic nominee for governor, and Ohio Democrats.
Rickie Fowler is in a four-man group on five under on his first appearance of the FedEx Cup play-offs. Moments later, McIlroy hit his tee shot at the 165-yard par-3 fifth to within three feet.
Washington and Pyongyang have been unable to agree on a timeline for North Korea's promise to denuclearize since Kim met U.S. The South Korean team also seeks to establish a joint Korean liaison office in the North, officials said.
The attacks are alleged to have been carried out from North Korea, China and other countries. North Korea has denied the allegations.
Musk said he is less anxious about AI than he had been, mostly due to "taking a more fatalistic attitude". The business leader made the comments in an interview with the New York Times .
Among them were positions of the HTS and Ahrar al-Sham groups, the observatory said. Iranian fighters have provided critical support for Assad throughout the war.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions speaks about the opioid and fentanyl crisis, Thursday, July 12, 2018, in Concord, N.H. Duncan Hunter of California on charges that included spending campaign funds for personal expenses and Rep.
This is a bit of a price reduction from last year's iPhone X, which launched at $999 for the 64GB model. To be a little more specific, Apple is said to be planning two iPhone X follow ups.
Firstly, VIP subscription is not necessary to play JWA, unlike some of you may think. One MyVIP Gem will convert to one Microsoft Benefits factor. Lucy & La Mer are an indie band from L.a, California. PokĂ©mon Go fans be careful: Video game developer Ludia has revealed that they are currently dealing with a brand-new augmented reality video game in the design of the Pokemon struck. FIGHT a strike group of dinosaurs to prevent dangers to your objective as well as challenge others in real-time PVP competitive arenas.
It is one of the on the internet surveys that pay cash money. A MyVIP Star Rank is an unique feature of Xbox Live Benefits that gives members a specific % back in Incentives Credit scores for monthly electronic acquisitions made in the Microsoft Shop on your Xbox or on Windows (retail Microsoft Store acquisitions do not use). Presenting Jurassic Globe Alive, an interactive enhanced fact (AR) video game in the capillary of Pokemon Go Established by Ludia, players could gather a variety of dinosaurs while exploring their very own areas and also cities all over the world.
Jurassic Globe Alive is a 2018 dinosaur simulation game regarding animals that have gotten away Jurassic Globe and are now roaming totally free in our cities and neighborhoods. On the download it other hand, if you are not gathering dinosaurs you currently have, then you can not construct a solid time. There are 2 important points that you could as well as ought to perform in Jurassic World Alive: advance your dinosaurs to earn them stronger, after that fuse the ones you could to get the Fabulous dinosaurs or a minimum of rarer ones that really make a distinction.
. Xem clip hĂ i, phim hĂ i má»›i hay nháşĄt, Liveshow, Gameshow Ä‘áş·c sáşŻc nháşĄt. In maintaining with the Jurassic Globe" style, players are cast as field workers for the Dinosaur Defense Team, and the DNA examples they make believe to collect from these ancient animals are after that used to produce hybrid pets. In FM7, it does not matter that much regarding gaining a ton of debts when vehicles come so often on degree ups.
Jurassic Globe" doesn't produce any kind of such unforgettable setpieces, however it's generally an extra imaginative work compared to The Lost Globe" and (specifically) the woeful, Joe Johnston-directed Jurassic Park III," which both discovered unduly contrived ways of returning key personalities to the extremely dinosaur-infested isles they vowed they would never take another look at, while including brand-new personalities so unlikable that they might scarcely be devoured rapidly enough.
It took me four months, but I’ve finally reformatted my book, Coming of Age on the Hudson, Volumes I and II, for Kindle. They are available on Amazon for $2.99. The Second Edition updates typos which resulted from formatting the first print edition.
*This post is designed to be a one-stop site for information for people visiting New Orleans, Louisiana (“NOLA”). There are hyperlinks to the bars and other places visited, as well as pronunciation guides, cocktail descriptions, and general advice.*
Katie and I made a trip to New Orleans–my fifth and her second. I recommend New Orleans for anyone trying to escape the doldrums of winter in the Northeast, not only because New Orleans is warm, but because the city is alive with another culture with characteristics opposite to those which make Albany seem inanimate.
Albany and New Orleans are both river ports. New Orleans is approximately 31 miles upriver from the Gulf of Mexico, while Albany is 150. Neither New Orleans nor New York were originally British colonies–New York was taken from the Netherlands in 1688 and Louisiana purchased from France in 1803 (it became the 18th state in the union in 1812). As a result, both states have unique aspects to their common law and language which colored the local culture. New York obtained a leading position in the nation after 1825 by virtue of the Erie Canal, the only waterway to travel on an east-west axis through the Appalachian Mountains, which forced all goods from the Great Lakes through the port of New York City. Similarly, all goods traveling down the massive Mississippi Valley had to travel through New Orleans. Both became pots of immigration, graft, and licentiousness. But while New York as a state has been one of the most powerful political units over the nation’s history, Louisiana has been on the losing side of seemingly every cultural conflict from the Civil War through Prohibition to the rejection of federal funds in the 2009 stimulus package. You might say that political machines and corporations are the only effective actors in New York State, while in New Orleans the primacy of the individual still reigns, to the point where the state will resist the receipt of federal money if it would require some curtailment to the state’s citizen’s personal liberties. So you’ve got a very different culture between New York and New Orleans, which is the result not just of differences in climate, but of the idea of what constitutes The Good Life.
We set off for New Orleans from Albany International Airport at 7:14 a.m. When we planned our trip, Katie and I didn’t realize that we would be flying out of Albany on Superbowl Sunday. Perhaps because of that the lines were short and our tickets were fairly cheap. I tried to get a beer at the Saratoga Bistro but it was Sunday morning so we couldn’t buy one because the law says that we have to remember God on Sunday mornings in New York.
If the idea of me trying to get a beer at 8 a.m. on a Sunday morning strikes you as odd, you are a victim of contemporary cultural brainwashing. From the history of the world until Prohibition there was no arbitrary noon rule when a person could have a drink without suffering social disapprobation. The rule treats alcohol as a vice per se, and this is a really modern idea. Originally a “cocktail” was medicine, which is why they originated in apothecary shops and used bitters composed of roots and herbs, sugar, fruit and water. John Adams drank a half-gallon of apple jack every morning and strolled through the woods for two hours. If you think about it, it isn’t the drink itself, but the binge behavior or the-attempt-to-get-drunk that is bad–and that behavior and attempt stems in large part from the substance’s restriction, just as the increased potency and decreased quality of cocktails resulted from liquor’s restriction during Prohibition (the only Amendment to the Constitution to have been repealed.)
There is always a layover from Albany to NOLA. Ours was in Charlotte, NC this time, though I’ve stayed over in Memphis, which is better for the restaurants.
The NOLA airport is easy to navigate. I’d recommend taking an Uber from the airport to your hotel. If you’re from Albany it will require you to download the app, but it’s the easiest thing in the world, trust me, and the vehicles are so much nicer than taxis. Our plane ticket came with 20% off Uber vouchers. If you prefer to pay more in order to ride in a crappier vehicle with a more annoying driver, a taxi will cost you about $35 to go from the airport to near the French Quarter, which is where you want to stay if you are going to NOLA for a cultural vacation. (While I prefer ride-sharing to taxis, I do not recommend AirBNB over a hotel for two reasons. First, the people that live and work in the French Quarter will dislike you if you stay in a French Quarter AirBNB because after Katrina a lot of out-of-towners bought the residential properties and they lease them via AirBNB to tourists, with the result that rents have increased beyond the means of the people who actually work in the area, so they have to commute now instead of living where they work. Secondly, if you get an AirBNB outside the French Quarter, as I did in 2012 in Treme, you are going to have to take an Uber or Taxi from the Quarter after dark, or you will be taking your life in your hands. In 2012 I stayed with my girlfriend in what seemed like the only nice gated house in the middle of Treme, which is like Arbor Hill in Albany both in its distance from the nightlife and the character of its residents and residences–broken down cars, stray cats, dilapidated buildings, menacing people seemingly without employment. If you’re going to have to pay an extra $20 or $40 a day for rides into the area you want to walk around, why not just pay for a hotel within safe walking distance? Then you’ll have a base to return to throughout the day.)
We were lucky enough to have a ride waiting for us at the airport. Our friends Dan and Amy live in Slidell, which is about a half-hour north of New Orleans, on the other side of Lake Pontchartrain, the huge lake to the north of New Orleans. We wanted to stay with Dan and Amy in order to catch up with our friends and to see and explore a new town.
Dan and Amy’s house in Slidell is up on stilts. During Katrina the water in the main part of Slidell was ten feet high, so it is prudent to elevate the buildings. There was clapboard around the stilts so that the ground level functioned like a breezy shaded house-size garage, which was a neat innovation. We dropped off our luggage and started on a perambulatory tour of Slidell, since it was 65 degrees.
Our first stop was Bruiser’s, “Home of the Barduca Dog,” a hot dog spot on Front Street and Fremaux, which is the northeast corner of Olde Towne Slidell. I ordered the Barcuda, which came with cheese, cole slaw, bacon and meat sauce, and surprised me by being 13 inches long. It was a quaint place with friendly locals run by a colorful former firefighter done up head-to-toe in Chicago Cubs apparel. The walls had funny advertisements such as a cartoon dog holding up a yellow tube of mustard with a caption that read “Practice Safe Lunch, Always Use Condiments.” If you happen to be at the bar when a train passes across the street, you get a $1 house shot.
Dan and Amy drove us a half an hour east to Bay Saint Louis, Mississippi. This was a beach town with a walkway that linked several three-story bars overlooking the gulf. As soon as we parked we heard a live band playing music from the space between two of the bars, in sand, on the other side of a fire pit with Adirondack chairs and two dogs laying, where a dozen people between 40 and 60 were dancing and laughing. We walked into the first level of Buoy’s Bar and ordered a Yuengling apiece for Dan and I and two Frozen Buoys for the ladies. You could taste the booze in the Frozen Buoys–they weren’t weak just because they were cold. We ambled upstairs to look over the bay from the second deck, where there was an empty bar made from a wooden sailboat cut in half. Katie’s and my cold bones started to thaw as the reggae music echoed off the buildings and the sun began to dip toward the blue water. We watched the beginning of the Superbowl at Tripletails on the third floor deck, before ambling at sundown to The Blind Tiger for some food, which is Dan’s favorite bar in the area. We had some delicious wings and nachos and stayed to watch Lady Gaga perform the halftime show. We were happy that Atlanta was winning, or rather that the Patriots were losing, and we listened to the third quarter on the radio as Amy drove us back to Slidell after dark. It was fun to listen to the announcers on the radio–even Katie enjoyed it and she is not a sports fan. It felt like we were listening to the radio back in 1960. We got home in time to see the depressing end to the game, which seemed almost a symbol of life in the U.S. right now, wherein the party with the most money, who is most obnoxious, came back to steal victory at the last moment from the workaday team.
One of my favorite things about visiting Dan is that he selects and sets aside several records for my enjoyment while visiting. Dan played a Sinatra album as he made Sazeracs for himself, Katie, Amy and I. [A Sazerac is considered to be the first cocktail. It consists of 1/4 oz. absinthe, one sugar cube, 1.5 oz. rye whiskey or cognac, and three dashes of Peychaud’s Bitters.] Unfortunately, Amy had to work early in the morning and retired as Dan placed the next record, Billie Holiday, on the phonograph. Soon Katie was flagging too, and turned in, as Dan made us two Old Fashioneds–my favorite cocktail–and he told me that the first time he remembered having an Old Fashioned was the first time he drove me to New Orleans, in 2010, and I made them in our hotel room. [An Old Fashioned: muddle an orange slice and a cherry in an old fashioned glass, add a dash of bitters, a half-teaspoon of sugar, and a shot of bourbon, add ice and top with club soda.] Next Dan dropped the needle on Julie London–perfect late night music (listen to her sing “Cry me a River” at midnight with a glass of whiskey and tell me you don’t think modern American culture is one long declension from the jazz era). Dan produced two Coors Originals–my favorite beer, and played Sinatra. Then we had another. On our third Sinatra album Dan moved to the kitchen and called,
That was the last day I skipped the water while on vacation. The next morning I was hung over for the only time on the trip.
It was nice to sleep in on Monday morning until ten a.m. Katie gets up around six every day and although I work nights I get up at seven so I don’t feel slovenly. Plus the best time to get reading and writing done if you pay your bills with a regular job is before you go to work, not after. Anyway it was nice to get up and have a cup of coffee on Amy and Dan’s back porch, considering it was 60 degrees in Slidell while it was 30 in Albany. We were surprised that the foliage looked like upstate New York though we were near the Tropic of Cancer. Dan awoke and said “I can’t keep up with Dallas like I used to,” and took a nap as Katie and I made breakfast using his food and kitchen. We had Wright’s Bacon (This is the only brand Dan buys, and points out that for an extra dollar and a half the bacon is about four times as delicious and thick) eggs with paprika (Katie’s favorite spice) and buttermilk.
After breakfast we drove to Dr. Wagner’s Honey Island Swamp Tours. We got a $3 discount because Katie and Dan both forgot their money and I only had $66, and they only accept cash, and the guy said we were close enough. In the shop where we bought our tickets was a very active turtle, a baby alligator and homemade swamp-themed coloring books. We got onto a flat-bottom boat that sat 24. Captain Charlie was struggling with a hangover from the night before, but was pleasant and knowledgeable. He grew up on the West Pearl River where the tours take place.
“In the movies they make it sound like if you fall into the water you have two seconds to live,” he laughed. “I guess they have to make it scary.” But he swam in the river and knew where the gators stayed. He explained that since it was February most of the alligators would be hibernating on the river bottom, because they require 70 degrees and direct sunlight on their skin in order for their stomachs to produce the chemical they need to digest their food. “If they don’t get sunlight they’ll get sick and even die.” Captain Charlie brought our boat up numerous tributaries so that we saw snakes in a tree, a hawk on a log, two baby gators, and a Great Blue Heron. Then we went up a tributary barely as wide as our boat, until we found ourselves in a forest of cyprus trees covered in white dangling Spanish Moss. It looked like a winter forest. Captain Charlie explained that cypress trees can live 1,500-2,500 years, “not as long as redwoods, but that’s still quite impressive if you think about it.” The trees around us were as old as Christ or Cleopatra? Yeah I’d say that is impressive. We stopped and Charlie whistled before throwing marshmallows off the boat, which raccoons came and ate. He explained that we were in a “bayou,” which is a waterway, and in a “swamp,” which is a flooded forrest, as opposed to a “marsh,” which is a wetland that isn’t a flooded forrest. The most interesting part of the tour was when Charlie said, “Let me see if I can get the hogs,” made a noise, and six boars came out of the woods and swam up to our boat to eat marshmallows. One was a runt and the others kept squealing and running at it and stealing its food, but Charlie lured the others away with thrown marshmallows and then threw some directly to the runt, so he got to eat.
Back in Slidell we stopped into Bonnie C’s at 1768 Front Street for a sampler of onion rings, crawfish pies and crabby cakes. On the way we passed the police station and saw a young male running and smiling, who shouted to us, “I’m running and smiling ’cause I just got outa prison!” That night we went to The Brass Monkey for beers and shuffleboard before dinner, then to KY’s Olde Town Bicycle Shop, where I had a 1/2 catfish po’ boy and my first seafood gumbo of the trip. Later at night we listened to Sinatra albums but limited ourselves to one cocktail and two Coors Originals and made sure to drink a glass of water.
Dan had mailed me a signed copy of the book Lift Your Spirits, by Elizabeth Williams and his favorite bartender, Chris McMillian. If you enjoy craft cocktails, you really should watch this video, in which Chris McMillian plays the quintessential professional cocktail bartender, shows you how to really make a Mint Julep, and even recites a poem. More than a recipe collection, the book illuminates the cocktail culture which underpins the sociology of the nicer sections of New Orleans. Anyhow one of the cocktails listed in the book is the Corpse Reviver. “On those mornings when you wake up paying for the indulgences of the night before, a bit of reviving of the hungover corpse is in order. 1 1/2 oz brandy, 3/4 oz applejack, 3/4 oz sweet vermouth. Stir ingredients together in a cocktail shaker full of ice. Strain into tall glass.” It always sounded nasty to me but Dan insisted he made a great Corpse Revive # 2 (1 oz each: lemon juice, Countreau, gin and Lilet Blanc, plus 3 dashes of absinth liqueur.) In fact, he read from another cocktail book that this cocktail should be made at home, or at least at a real cocktail bar, because the measurements must be exact and an amateur will try to cut corners. Dan made us a round and we were clear to set out for the day, not even buzzed, but fortified.
The plan was for Dan to drive us to New Orleans, but a tornado struck the land exactly between Slidell and that city, so we decided to have lunch in Slidell in case the tornado was still going, because the worst scenario we could imagine was being hit by a tornado while crossing the bridge over Lake Ponchartrain. We went to Que Rico, a Cuban restaurant with brass music, red diner chairs and blue walls. Katie and Dan had tamale platters and I had ropa vieja, my first Cuban food. We also tried two orders of croquettes, which were like fried ham and chicken cheesey sticks. Before we left Slidell Dan took us to the Olde Town Soda Shop, an ice cream parlor with a 1950’s theme with white-aproned workers, chrome stools and table-top jukeboxes that took quarters. Katie even put 50 cents into the motorcycle video game. By mid-afternoon the sky had cleared and Dan drove us to New Orleans. He dropped us off at The French Market Inn on Decatur Street, just about in the middle of the French Quarter. After checking in we brought our luggage through a courtyard with a pool and tables and exposed brick, up to the fourth floor. Though our room had no windows, two walls were exposed brick and it had a skylight, so it was small but nice. We changed and went out to explore.
In the lobby the maitre d’ told us to leave the hotel, go left, take a left on Toulouse Street, and go to the Creole Cookery, which, he said, had a nice courtyard with music, a fountain, and a happy hour. We skipped the courtyard in order to sit at the bar because half the fun of trips to New Orleans is talking to the service staff. Katie ordered a ginger margarita and I ordered a French 75 (Named for the effective French artillery from the First World War: 1 part cognac, 1 part lemon juice, 1 part champagne [gin can be substituted for the cognac.] Serve up in a champagne flute after shaking with ice.) They had 50 cent raw oysters and $1 charred oysters–which we’d never heard of before. This was really a cool place. The bartender, a young guy my age named Wes, wore a white shirt and red tie. Two black guys in black shirts occupied stage left of the bar, which was one large shucking station. The oysters were in a big metal bin; one of the shuckers would take them out and use a knife to open them up. The other took a brush and dipped it in drawn butter, some other sauce, and grated cheese, before placing the half-shells on an open grill range. I’ve always struggled to swallow raw oysters, and Katie tried one and couldn’t stand the texture, but we figured when in Rome…so we ordered 6 of the charred. They were absolutely delicious, with the texture of clams casino…much easier for the novice or the squeamish. We had a conversation with the couple next to us, who were from Canada, just north of North Dakota. They’d flown to Houston for the Super Bowl and then driven to NOLA for their anniversary.
By then it was evening time, which is jazz time in New Orleans. [We didn’t even go to Bourbon Street on this vacation because it’s amateur hour up there–nothing but sugary drinks and debauchery, you can get that in the college ghetto of any city]. Instead we made our way to Frenchman Street, which is just outside the French Quarter, in the Marigny District. As soon as you turn the corner from Decatur or Esplanade Avenue onto Frenchman, you hear about four or five horn bands competing with one another. There is a row of maybe twenty bars on both sides of the street, none of which charge covers for their live music. We walked into Bamboula’s to hear a band made of a standup bass, guitar, clarinet and drums. They were playing Bill Bailey Will You Please Come Home. Since the selected martinis were $5, Katie ordered a Honeysuckle Lemon and I a Cucumber Lime. The lead singer announced that the band was called the Joe Goldberg Trio. They played The Hesitation Blues “with Cassidy Norton assisting on vocals.” During the break they announced, in vintage NOLA style, “Now folks this is our last song. Now Joe Goldberg is going to walk around with a bucket, and the best way to show your affection is when Joe comes around, you take out your wallet, you take $2 out of your wallet, put those $2 in your left pocket, and drop your wallet in our bucket.”
We had planned to have an actual dinner, but it was only about 6:30 p.m. and we strolled up Frenchman to The Spotted Cat, another of my favorite jazz spots. The Little Big Horns were playing Puttin’ On The Ritz as we walked in. The Spotted Cat feels like the old Lark Tavern in Albany when Tess Collins used to own the place–there are pictures, Mardis Gras masks, lots of different people from different backgrounds having fun together–kind of run down but charming because of its lack of pretension–low lighting.
Anyhow I saw on a sign that The Smoking Time Jazz Club was playing at 10 p.m. I love the band, and I’d wanted to interview the singer for some time, so Katie and I left to go back to the hotel and get ready for the evening. After we changed we killed some time by walking to the Napoleon House on Chartres and St. Louis Streets. If you’ve never been to NOLA you have to go to this bar and order a Pimm’s Cup [Basically, Pimm’s liquor, lemonade and a cucumber garnish]. I also tried a Sazerac with Absinth. They play classical music as the air blows in from the french doors and gaslights glow on the walls. I calculated that that day was my 11,905th day of being alive. We each had a Champagne Cocktail, which was kind of dry because of the bitters and brut, but nonetheless very easy to drink [1/3 oz cognac, 1 sugar cube, 3 dashes bitters, 3 oz champagne, topped with a lemon peel and cherry]. Then we made our way back to Frenchman to the Spotted Cat.
Katie chuckled when we were at LAX on Lark Steet in Albany two nights before our trip, reading my notes from the year before, when she read a passage that said “Listening to Smoking Time Jazz Club, my favorite contemporary band.” But they are my favorite contemporary band, and here is why.
I tried to hitch hike to New Orleans in 2007 and failed. In 2010 I visited Dan in Florida and he drove me to New Orleans for the first time. That night he and Amy and I went to the Spotted Cat and The Smoking Time Jazz Club was playing. I was 26 and never before in my life had I heard a live band playing my exact favorite kind of music. The closest I’d come had been when I went to the Jazz Band concerts in high school. I was–I can’t think of any other word but moved–by the idea that musicians playing music today, in the very present, were playing the Big Band music of Tommy Dorsey, Louis Armstrong, Ella Fitzgerald, Nina Simone, Benny Goodman, Glenn Miller, Billie Holiday, Chet Baker. Two years later in 2012 I went to New Orleans and happened to see The Smoking Time Jazz Club again, and they were again the band that played exactly the kind of music I wanted to hear, in a 10 or 12 piece orchestra, and the musicians were my age. For the first time I thought that it might be possible to meet people my age who wanted to make Big Band music, and when I got back to New York I started to focus on playing piano. Then I went to Dan’s bachelor party in New Orleans, but I was in grad school and therefore both broke and busy (I had to write a paper while my friends took a fanboat tour and then a ghost tour.) I finished a paper in the hotel room then walked vaguely toward Frenchman Street alone in the late afternoon. I went into Bamboulas and ordered a drink. Then I heard ten instruments strike up some energetic old brass song, and then Sarah Petersen start to sing vocals. Here I was having a cocktail–one of my favorite things–listening to jazz–one of my favorite things–on a beautiful afternoon–one of my favorite things–knowing that I’d hang out with seven of my best friends later–one of my favorite things–and each of those things was more intense than normal, plus all grouped together in a moment–and the band with the female singer crooning really struck me as the trigger of my cascade of comforting conditions. I bought a CD and played it quite constantly when I returned to New York, and learned a lot about the throat-movements of singing by trying to mimic Sarah Peterson’s voice. Then last year Katie and I made a point of seeing The Smoking Time Jazz Club again, and I bought two more of their CDs, and that officially made them the band that I owned the most CDs of. But to me they are more than just great artists, they are symbols of the possible–of what you can discover if you travel, and therefore why you ought to travel, because you can be missing so much and not even know it if you don’t.
Anyhow, Katie and I got back to the bar and managed to get a seat at the corner next to the stage, though it was quite crowded. Young people swing-danced in front of the band as they played “Mother’s Son in Law.” A young guy in glasses came to the bar to get a drink, but a tiny old lady who looked like she just got off the boat from Estonia 20 minutes before tapped him on the shoulder, and he gave up his spot at the bar to dance with her. I told Katie I wanted to interview the singer, Sarah Peterson, and the other people in the band, but I was nervous.
“But you’re a writer,” Katie said, “you’ve got to just own it and just ask the singer if she’ll talk to you when she comes around.”
“If you don’t have a drink it’s something you must do.” [Chuckles from the crowd, but she was serious.] “You must have at least a drink and tip your bartender.” This is a republican state and so there is no government-imposed cabaret fee like in Albany–no bar cover to offset the cost to such a fee–you pay the band directly through tips and the house directly through buying the commodity they sell–booze. The bar was cash-only by the way. As Sarah Peterson went around with her bucket I told Katie I was going to make a split decision and ask her if she’d answer some questions me as I put $5 in her bucket. Meanwhile the bartender came over and was very friendly, and I realized something about New Orleans: The hotel and bar and restaurant employees always make it feel like it’s a special occasion for tourists, because for me my experience is a special occasion; for Katie it is a special occasion; for almost everyone at the bar it is a special occasion. So it is not necessarily an act–it is a special occasion for the workers too, because in New Orleans every day is a special occasion, and that is just a wonderful way of living.
When Sarah got to us I told her I was a writer from New York writing a blog post about New Orleans, and asked if she would talk. She could barely hear me and suggested I talk to her when the band took its next break, outside. So we listened to a few more songs and when the band broke and most of the instrumentalists went outside for cigarettes, Sarah went out just for fresh air, and Katie and I joined her. I’d never performed a time-sensitive interview but I think I did a good job. Here’s what I learned. Sarah is from Boston. The other members of the band are co-workers rather than friends necessarily. They “share a similar lifestyle” but it’s not like they celebrate holidays together. Bars do not charge a fee for performances, but a band generally keeps a percentage of the sales at a guaranteed minimum. The members of the band have their own side projects and pursuits. Sarah had been living in NOLA for 15 years, having travelled to Brazil and loved the street culture. She went back to New York City and the street culture was dead. Basically the musicians in New Orleans love the openness and the opportunity to perform that the city provides. They rehearse while they play in public, or in the back yards of their houses and apartments. Soon the break was over and Sarah had to go back in to sing, though she encouraged me to speak to other members of the band at the next intermission.
Back inside over another drink I met two pilots for Google who were on their first trip to NOLA, who happened to be in the bar only because they heard the music playing from the street and came in. I noticed that even the bar’s bouncer had a trumpet, which he played self-consciously along with the band as they played inside.
After midnight as the bar started to thin out, Jenny the bartender talked to us. She owned a business in Texas and was opening a new Spotted Cat on St. Claude in an up-and-coming area of town. She was married. I thought it was interesting that a married woman who owns one business and is founding another also bartends. I suppose it’s not so different than me owning a cane business and writing but also serving food. The band wanted to pack it in but Jenny called out to them “You have to keep playing because we’re gonna lose everybody if you go!” She gave us some tips on where to go in Algiers Point the next day. After a few more songs the band was done and we figured it was about time to head back to the hotel, since it was around 3 a.m.
We woke up at exactly 10:45 in the morning, to what we came to call the Calliope Alarm Clock. The steamboat Natchez takes on passengers at the riverside across from our hotel in the morning and early afternoon, for tours downriver to the site of the Battle of New Orleans. (I took this tour in 2012 and it’s not really worth the money in my opinion. The tour guide sounded like it took every ounce of his energy to articulate words and the battlefield itself is essentially a big flat ground with a ditch and some old pieces of artillery.) Anyhow our hotel room had a skylight which seemed to catch the calliope music and cast it down into our brick room, where it reverberated. It would have been pleasant if it didn’t wake us up out of the darkness after having slept for 6 hours after a night of drinking.
We decided to have a good southern breakfast to repair our bodies or at least our minds. We took a left out of our hotel onto Decatur and walked two blocks down to Monty’s on the Square, which is right across the street from the Cafe Du Monde. The dining room is open on two sides to the street via three-quarter windows which let in the warm breeze and even a couple of birds. Across the street a five-piece band was playing to the people at Cafe Du Monde, and we could hear them fine–in fact Monty’s didn’t bother to play any music knowing people would rather hear the live stuff. The band consisted of four older black men and one young white kid. The biggest black man had a tuba that looked at least 80 years old, and he sat on two stacked crates. The other men had two trumpets and a trombone, and they sat on chairs. The young white kid played a banjo as he stood, and I had the impression that he might have been strolling by and started playing with the other men on a whim. Katie ordered a short stack of pancakes and bacon while I had a “Country Breakfast” consisting of fried chicken with sausage gravy and crumbled bacon on top, a buttery biscuit, two eggs and a bowl of grits. We had two mimosas of course.
Katie and I wanted to see a new section of New Orleans, which neither of us had seen before. Last year we took a trolly down St. Charles to the Garden District and had brunch at Slim Goodies, then walked around the little shops, past the Spanish mansions, and gave ourselves a tour of Lafayette Cemetery # 1 with tombs from the 1700s. This year we decided to take a ferry across the Mississippi River to Algiers Point, which is a residential area directly across from the French Quarter.
The ferry costs $2 per person and you must have exact cash change. You can sit in the open air on the bottom deck or enclosed area on the top deck. The trip across the river takes 8 minutes and the ferry departs about every half-hour. You board the ferry where Canal Street meets the riverwalk.
Algiers was much quieter than the French Quarter, which was refreshing because I was starting to get sick of the beggars asking me for money on every block by our hotel. We got off the ferry on a pleasant afternoon on top of the dike which keeps the Mississippi from flooding the town. Unsure where to go we took a left and walked along the dike to see the bend in the river. Very large ocean-going tankers and barges passed frequently, and it was interesting to watch them negotiate the turn in the river. It appeared quite dangerous as the massive leviathans basically had to fishtail around the bend. Katie and I remarked to one another that we were surprised that there was no municipal beach at the river. The tide only rises and falls about a foot and a half at that section of the Mississippi, which is kind of surprising considering the Hudson rises and falls up to six feet near Albany, and Albany is five times farther from the ocean than New Orleans is.
Anyhow we circumnavigated a neighborhood of apartment buildings and houses painted in pastels. The place was a ghost down and we wondered if we were missing something. We passed where we’d gotten off the ferry and kept walking this time generally upriver and inland. We stopped into the first bar we saw, The Crown and Anchor English Pub. This was the first English pub we’d seen since leaving Albany. Katie ordered a Ginger Pimm’s Cup and I had a Fuller’s Porter. To our left sat a young guy around my age who worked in a warehouse, who said he’d taken the day before off because he worked in the area where the tornado hit “and you don’t wanna be working in a warehouse in a tornado!” I asked him if tornados were a frequent occurrence and he said no, not at all. Further to our left was a white-haired couple who brought their small dog to the bar with them. To our right were three women, and the bartender, probably about 35 with brown hair and a beard, kept delivering terrible pickup lines to them and making them laugh. They all knew each other from the neighborhood and the bartender said that one of the women had been playing piano an hour before we came in, “and that’s great because she’s a professional piano player, so we got it for free where most bars have to pay her hundreds of dollars.” The bartender said the Crown and Anchor “is like a living room for the neighborhood. You can come in here any time of day and introduce yourself to anybody and they’ll talk to you.” To prove the point, the bartender shouted to Scot Mattox, a man sitting at a table with a laptop, who introduced himself to us as the owner of El Guapo Bitters, Tonics and Syrups. We looked around and all the bitters and syrups in the bar came from El Guapo. They don’t have a distributor in New York but the company will eat the shipping charges so bars can order from the company and it’s like getting it from a distributor, the owner said. Next we went to the Dry Dock Cafe, as recommended by Jenny the bartender from the bar the night before. The place looked like nothing much from outside–basically a one story building with clapboard siding. But inside there was a nice bar and casual dining area, and the food looked really good. We ordered two glasses of champagne and sat outside, watching the sun sink toward the horizon formed by the berm of the dike as the breeze blew gently, and birds chirped. It felt like 8 p.m. in June in Upstate New York but it was 5 p.m. in February in New Orleans. Katie went in to pay the tab and came out smiling because our two glasses of champagne came to a grand total of $6.
Back in the French Quarter it was early evening and we stopped at the Hotel Monteleone on Royal Street for a drink at their carousel bar, which takes 15 minutes to rotate. I had a Vieux Carre (pronounced “Voo Car-AY,” it means “the old square,” a reference to the French Quarter; I think of it as a French Quarter Manhattan: 4 dashes bitters, 2 tsp Bénédictine .75 oz sweet vermouth, .75 oz cognac, .75 oz rye whiskey) and Katie had a French 75, this time with gin instead of cognac. While the cocktails and ambiance were delightful, the bartenders seemed stuffy, even unfriendly, so we took off after one drink and made our way back to the Creole Cookery from the night before. We ordered charred oysters again, shrimp remoulade, “Crab Cake Maison,” and crab-stuffed mushrooms. It was “Wine Wednesday,” which meant bottles were half-off, so Katie and I shared a bottle of riesling. Tiffany the bartender and Artemis the oyster shucker gave us pronunciation tips for the streets. Here is a list:
After dinner we hurried over to Jackson Square in the middle of the Quarter to meet our guide for a vampire tour. It cost $22 per person and they only accept cash. Last year Katie and I took a ghost tour; in 2012 I took a different ghost tour; both times I was part of a group of at least 20 people. This time, being a slow season, Katie and I were the only people on the tour, so we got a pretty awesome personal experience. Our guide was a woman in her late 30s who had studied anthropology at UCLA. The other tours were campy, and this one had its share of folklore, but our guide sprinkled in some interesting nuggets culled from her primary source research in the NOLA archives, which made it more interesting for skeptics like Katie and I. In New Orleans, anyway, you take such stories and enjoy them for what they are, relishing the mythos, which might as well be true, since you’re paying to pretend that they’re true, anyway. I won’t go into details out of respect for the business’s proprietary information, but one interesting thing we learned was that vampires are supposedly compulsive. If you’re afraid you might get attacked by one, carry a pocketful of rice with you, and then if you’re about to be attacked, throw the rice, and the vampire will be compelled to count the grains while you run away.
In the middle of the tours, which last about two hours, there is usually a break at Lafitte’s Blacksmith Shop on Bourbon and St. Philip Streets so the customers can get a Hurricane in a to-go cup and use the bathroom. (This high-octane fruity drink originated at Pat O’Brien’s, also on Bourbon, and packs a punch–but it’s sugar content is cloyingly sweet.) Since it was only Katie and I, our guide gave us a choice of going to Lafitte’s, continuing the tour without a break, or getting a drink with her at a goth bar she was fond of. Of course we chose the third option and went to a bar where we were the only patrons besides two old men and a dog who was peeing on a hydrant as we walked in, and then came in and jumped up and stood on the pool table, which no one seemed to mind. When the tour ended we tipped the woman $10, because she probably makes around minimum wage while the company nets the remainder, and as a former thespian, I know how hard it is to give a performance with vigor and animation to so small of an audience as Katie and I constituted.
After our tour, Katie and I decided we wanted to find a bar we had stumbled into the year before, after seeing jazz on Frenchman Street one evening. I thought it was on Bourbon Steet, so we walked up Dumaine Street away from the river. When we got to the corner of Chartres Street there was a bar, Harry’s Corner, which looked like a dive. Since we both had to pee and we didn’t have any drinks in our hands, we decided to go in and use the bathroom and get a to-go beer. As usual, as soon as we stood at the bar, two women to our left started talking to us, and the bartender made conversation as he placed our two Abita Ambers down. Katie and I then proceeded to ask the patrons and Paul, the bartender, if he could tell us the name of the bar we were looking for, based on the details we tried to recall from the year before. But I said I thought the bar was on Bourbon while Katie said she thought she remembered it being on Decatur; I said it was a tiny bar with a low ceiling and Katie said she thought it was in an open courtyard. We both recalled that smoking was allowed, and told the story of how, the year before, we had sat at the bar after seeing jazz on Frenchman, and talked to the bartender, around 2:00 in the morning. While we talked the room filled up with people, all carrying different instruments. Suddenly they all began to play Tommy Dorsey songs–at least 12 people–we were so packed in that Katie and I had to lean back so the trombonist’s slide didn’t hit us in the face–all of these musicians playing the music for nobody but the two of us. When they took a break I asked one of the guys what band they were, and he laughed, “None of us knew each other before we came in here. I just got in from Austin yesterday!” The experience became the most memorable of our trip from the year before, and we wanted to find the place. Paul and the two women asked for more details, which we provided, and suggested two bars on Decatur. Katie and I thanked them and told them that if either of the bars turned out to be the right one, we would come back and let them know.
We went to Decatur Street and when we entered the second bar that they suggested, Molly’s At The Market, we knew immediately we’d found the right place. It was kind of like walking into a dream, because we only remembered bits and pieces of the surroundings: the bar, a mirror, tacked up photo-booth pictures, a wooden bench. We went to the back bar and told the bartender, Keisha, about our experience the year before, and how we were super excited to be at the bar again. She kind of nodded and went back to her phone. We were happy to have found the place, but nothing seemed to be going on, so we left to go back to Harry’s Corner to tell the bartender that he’d given us the right directions.
Three blocks off of Decatur the streets were pretty empty after midnight on that Wednesday night. When we walked through the open threshold into Harry’s Corner the only patrons were an old man with a dog at one end of the bar, and all the way at the other, sitting on a stool with a fedora, was the female bartender from the goth bar our ghost tour guide had taken us to. We told Paul we found “our unicorn bar” we’d been looking for, and he poured us two celebratory beers. The goth bartender started talking to Katie, and she was so drunk her eyes were crossed, but she was really friendly. By this point we were pretty hungry and complaining that although NOLA has such a night life, we could never seem to find a place to get food after 2 a.m. Paul directed us up to the Clover Grill on Bourbon Street, three blocks away. This retro-style diner was a great find. It had red barstools, chrome, and a big open grille. Katie’s burger was delicious–flavored like a meatball with a toasted bun–and my chicken-fried steak sandwich was mouth-watering. The man behind the counter told us that the diner is open all day, every day. “We only close when the National Guard tells us,” he bragged. Meanwhile Katie masticated and remarked to me again, “This is this best burger I’ve had in years. Years!!!”
So we decided to stop into Harry’s Corner on the way back to the hotel, to tell Paul he’d made another great recommendation. The female bartender from the goth bar was still there, and now another old man was at the other end of the bar, drinking a glass of wine. When we sat down Paul poured us shots and said they were on the house. Really they weren’t shots, but half-glasses of whiskey. Paul was certainly animated and friendly, but there was something about him that suggested unhappiness, too. Now and then he would make a cutting remark about women or accuse me of being a hipster. After awhile he reached under the bar and held up a telephone book and demanded to know if Katie and I knew what it was. Of course we did (Katie and I are in our 30s). Paul said that telephone books are stupid and shouldn’t exist anymore. He grabbed a bottle of 151 and announced, “Come on, we’re burning this shit!” So we went outside, Paul poured the 151 on the book, lit a napkin and dropped it. Katie and I, Paul and the goth bartender, and the old man with the glass of wine stood and watched the book burn in silence. A black sedan pulled up to the sidewalk and a husky black man around 30 years old got out. He stood in the street, looked at us, looked at the burning phone book, and stepped over it to get to a newspaper dispensing machine against the exterior wall of the building. He put three newspapers in, then looked at the phonebook again, with hardly any expression on his face. After a moment he asked, quietly, “Why you burnin’ the phonebook, ’cause it’s out of touch?” “Yeah,” Paul said. “Okay,” said the guy. “Wanted to make sure you’re not burning the newspapers.” He stepped over the now-flecking and flying ashes of paper and got back into his car. Back inside the bar I asked Paul if I could try a Rum Milk Punch, which was on the menu. It took him about fifteen minutes to make the drink because he kept forgetting what he was doing, and then he put the drink down in front of me, saying, “Here you go you old mother fucker.” Which was ironic, because Paul was twice my age. I asked him how much I owed him for the drink and he said, of course, that it was on the house. Katie was getting a little weary of the place, so we left some cash as a tip (seeing as how we’d gotten 6 free drinks that night) and headed back to our hotel. It was 3:45 a.m. and the streets were quite empty, even Decatur, which is usually crowded.
We groaned when we heard the off-key calliope begin its 15-minute medley at 10:45 a.m. We didn’t make it out of the hotel until afternoon, for breakfast. It was warm and sunny, so we wanted to find a place to eat with a gallery. (As we learned during our ghost tour the previous year, the difference between a “balcony” and a “gallery” is that a gallery is supported by poles or pillars, while a balcony hangs off the building supported by corbels.) Anyway we went to The French Market Restaurant on Decatur, so named because it is located across the street from the blocks-long, open-air French Market, a farmer’s/crafts/food/cocktail market along the Mississippi River. On other trips I’d gone to the French Market Restaurant, sat on the gallery, and had seafood boils at night, and I loved the ambiance and friendly service. On this early afternoon I think they were having an off-day. When Katie and I walked upstairs, three different employees walked past us and said “somebody will be right with you;” the bartender was criticizing a waitress for how the bar had been set up or taken down the night before; and consistently throughout the meal it took a long time to get service at every juncture. Katie’s crab cakes were bland, while my seafood gumbo was so salty that it was hard to eat. I actually scooped my gumbo onto her crab cakes to make the two meals palatable together. Again, every other time I’ve been to the restaurant the food was good and the service excellent, and you can’t beat the gallery overlooking the market and the masts of ships on the river, and the sound of jazz music reverberating up from across the street, but this time we were ready to leave and even had to go in and ask around for our check (something which as a waiter I was loathe to do and only did because our drinks were empty and our waitress hadn’t been around for 15 minutes [I even told Katie “Let’s give her five more minutes and then I’ll go in and ask around” and the time ran out]).
After “breakfast” we strolled through the French Market. This is the place to go for your chotchkies, souvenirs and gifts. There are at least 30 tables where people sell jewelry, voodoo dolls, masks, sunglasses, inlaid wood boxes, cigarette cases, tile coasters with New Orleans themed imprints, shot glasses, etc. I bought five magnets and two shot glasses for under fifteen dollars.
On the way back we were crossing between two pavilions when we saw a disturbing sight. A man in his fifties was dressed head-to-toe as Uncle Sam. He stood in front of some kind of a homemade booth. Behind him were two life-size cut outs, one of Donald Trump and another of Hillary Clinton, egregiously transmogrified, in an orange jumpsuit and handcuffs, with the words “grab here” imprinted across her crotch. The guy was in a yelling match with a young woman around 25 years old. Another young guy was standing silently holding a sign that read “Donald Trump supports disenfranchisement of women.” A larger man and his girlfriend stood close by, looking like they were ready to intervene. Katie and I couldn’t decide if the young woman was the Trump supporter, or the man, because we couldn’t believe that the man could possibly be the Trump supporter since the scene was bleeding with parody and was so offensive that any Republican would be ashamed to be associated with it.
We went back to the hotel and got ready for dinner. At five we set out for the Creole Cookery for the third night in a row. We said hello to Kater the white man in his fifties who was the maitre d’. Tiffany was behind the bar again and Artemis was shucking the oysters. They were quite busy but we got a bar seat, and by now the employees came over and shook our hands and knew what we wanted to drink and order. Artemis had his hands full with a stack of order slips for oysters. The place is really the cat’s meow when it comes to atmosphere, good food and the friendliness of the staff.
For dinner though we wanted to try Cane and Table, on Decatur, which we’d passed the year before, and which had good reviews. So we walked back to Decatur, the busy section of town outside of Bourbon, and made our way east. As we passed a restaurant with an exterior bar, where three people could sit on the sidewalk on stools and have bar service from within, Katie said “That was the girl from earlier, the Trump supporter!” We decided to turn around and talk to her to find out what the story was. It turns out, as you might have guessed, that she was not the Trump supporter. The guy dressed as Uncle Sam was. This really blew our mind, that this guy spent his time building a booth and getting cut-outs and dressing as Uncle Sam for…what? For the purpose of annoying people and seeing if he could start an argument? Apparently the guy is there often, and he has cameras built into his booth, and a website where he tries to get “liberals” to sound stupid. If his goal is to annoy people I suppose he is very good at his job, because I am not a Democrat, I don’t like Hillary Clinton, I vote independent, and I consider myself a patriot and somewhat conservative, but this moron was making a mockery of my values by dressing up as the symbol of my country and acting like an asshole. We told the girl we respected her for confronting the man, and she told us she had to go to court because the guy called the police on her. Apparently he thinks that any woman who states her opinion should be “locked up.”
Cane and Table has no sign and it’s easy to walk past. We had to circle back and use our GPS to find the right door. Inside is pretty dark but they have a very nice bar and dining area. We took a seat at the corner of the bar and took turns going to the lavatory. There is only one and it’s unisex. It is in a courtyard with hanging lights and candles and Spanish arches. There was the usual masonry covered in chipping plaster. The back of the bar was one big piece of furniture, like a giant armoire. We ordered two original Cane and Table cocktails. Katie had a Flor de Jamaica: hibiscus-infused Russian vodka, pomegranate, and a touch of sour, which was floral and spicy, or as the menu said, “perfect for a NOLA winter;” I had a Scotch and Coconut: scotch and I believe mescal and coconut water in an Old Fashioned glass. We tried two appetizers since we’d already had oysters and didn’t want to carry take-out containers with us. For $6 we had Bacalao Fritters: crusted red and poblano peppers with a habanero vinegar, and Mofongo: mashed plantains, pork rib, avocado and a coconut cucumber pico. They were both delicious–the former a kind of pancake in an iron skillet like a hash, salty, the plantains functioning like a potato producing primarily volume, the cucumber and avocado refreshing. I’d have liked to have had the latter on top of the former, or on a cracker, because it had the consistency of a pâté.
Cane and Table was on the same block as Molly’s, our unicorn bar from the year before, where we’d been enveloped in a jazz band, so we decided to stop in and survey the scene. We walked to the back bar and the six stools were full. I used the bathroom and left the business card for my book on the urinal, as I had been doing all around New Orleans as an advertising ploy. Since we couldn’t get a seat in back we went up front and ordered a beer and took our pictures in the photo booth. As we were drinking, Kiesha from the back bar came up and surprised us. She said that we shouldn’t leave, because the people in the back were planning to play music soon. That was really cool because we didn’t think she cared at all about our story from the night before, but she did. We moseyed to the back and stood waiting for a bar seat. A hipster guy emerged from the bathroom with my business card and placed it in front of another guy with a beard. “Look at this,” he said. “What?? Like, Dallas Trombone…Coming…Coming on the Hudson?” He flipped the card over. “There’s nothing on the back.” Katie looked at me, concerned that this would be very deflating to my ego. But I told her that was exactly what I was hoping: that people would be interested in the card because it was so odd to find it as they were peeing, and that they would then talk about it with their friends. The hipster guy and his girl left, so me and Katie got a seat at the bar.
The musicians included a guy playing spoons, who was tattooed with dyed hair, stocky; a white girl with curly hair who played banjo and sang, her flower-studded black boots resting on an overturned skateboard as she sat on a wooden bench; a trumpeter a trombonist and two guitar players. For the second song the guitar player played a song called “In The Danger Zone.” He wore a green wool hat. No one in the band, it seemed, owned a razor. The trumpet player had a green cap, a sizable belly, a brown tee shirt, jeans and sandals, glasses and a goatee. The trombone player was a tall, skinny white kid with a clean face. The group played “Do The Popeye.” He wore a tee shirt and a plaid button-up. Meanwhile Kiesha pointed out that on Thursday nights the bar sold $1 Miller High Life bottles, so Katie and I ordered two of those as we listened to the band discuss the next song. Said the girl with the curly hair, whose boyfriend was eating red beans and rice, “What’s the first chord?”
Meanwhile Kiesha was on her phone like nothing out of the ordinary was going on, like the man who put the newspapers in the machine the night before as the telephone book burned on the sidewalk.
The next song was called “Dig-a-do” and was Katie’s favorite, kind of whimsical. I bought everyone a round a beer. Imagine buying everybody in a 6 person band a beer for $6? The different members started coming up to me and introducing themselves because Kiesha had told them I was a writer, and that Katie and I had come specifically to hear musicians like them singing. There is a lot of music in New Orleans but it seemed like a writer was a novelty. I met Jeff Kreis, from Sacramento, who played oboe. Another guy wanted to quit his day job as a disability worker and moved to NOLA to play the trumpet. I asked him how he got into the trumpet. He said “That’s a funny story. As a nine year old I thought it would be easy because there are only three buttons.” Kellen was the bass player. He was the first one to come from Sacramento and the others came later. He was dating the girl with the curls and they got engaged, but he broke it off, because one night two lesbians wanted to hook up with him and he figured he still had some exploring left to do. So now she dated the guy eating the red beans and rice, and they’re all friends. Kellen had lived in Chicago first, and “it seemed just like another city,” but he’d talked to some people from NOLA and it seemed great, so he moved. One of the guys was from Russia and another from Georgia, having dropped out of high school and worked at a shopping mall. He moved to NOLA because “my goal was to become a busker.” The gutter punk kid with the spoons had been a train hopper. I said I’d wanted to hitch-hike on trains in my twenties but I couldn’t quite figure out what to do. He said “If you want to know then you’re doing it wrong.” Scotty was the trombone player. He said “The best musicians in the US are from here.” Katie and I spent a couple of hours listening and talking to those guys, until they got tired of playing and left. It was well after midnight then, so we did the same. We found a pizza place that was still open, and though we felt like it was kind of a waste to get New York style pizza while we were in New Orleans, we did, and it was absolutely delicious. We needed a little taste of home after so much exotic cuisine over the last five days.
Friday was our last full day in NOLA, and our friends Dan and Amy were coming from Slidell. We woke up with the Calliope alarm clock but fell back asleep. After noon I set out to procure us breakfast as Katie got ready. I noticed a big difference in the crowd on the street on this Friday before the first Mardi Gras parade. There were more people, and a lot more women who looked like they were wearing their club clothes having spent hours in front of a mirror, compared to most people I noticed in the French Quarter previously, who did not seem particularly to care about their appearance.
I failed at procuring breakfast, instead returning with two glasses of sangria. So we went to Franks on Decatur for a Muffuletta. A Muffuletta is a sandwich made with mortadella and other ham meat, on a toasted bun, with olive tapenade. They sell the sandwich by the quarter, the half, and the whole. A quarter is a hearty snack and half is like eating a sub. No one ever eats a whole Muffuletta unless you’re in an eating competition or you forgot your Ambien prescription and you need to sleep for several hours. So that was our breakfast, at 3:15 in the afternoon, having slept till 12:30.
We walked uptown, up Canal Street, to meet Dan and Amy, who would be getting out of work at Tulane University. It was nice to see our friends again–spending time with Dan and Amy bookended our vacation. Dan drove us up to midtown to a bar called Revel, where his favorite bartender, Chris McMillian, was working (this is the bartender with the youtube video making the Mint Julep). Our quartet got four seats at the corner of the bar. Dan commented that corner seats are the best, because people can face one another. We ordered ourselves cocktails from the leather-bound menu. Katie had a Shielavsit (Katie: “How do you pronounce it?” Chris: “She loves it.”) This was a really refreshing drink in a tall glass made of fresh crushed strawberries, lemon cane sugar, Aperol and Prosecco. It was sweet as it hit your mouth, but the Aperol washed the sweetness down and the Prosecco cleared the pallet, keeping the drink from becoming cloying and leaving you longing for another sip, this time to be swished around before swallowing. I had a Blood and Sand, a classic cocktail, one of very few to use scotch as a base. It’s made from equal parts scotch, cherry herring, sweet vermouth, and blood orange. It develops on the pallet in at least three distinct stages. Amy had a Whiskey Girl (I forgot to write down the ingredients) and Dan had a Ramos Gin Fizz. There was a limit of one Ramos Gin Fizz per round because it takes so long to prepare and shake. Chris pointed out that there is no one alive who tasted an original Ramos Gin Fizz–its recipe was a proprietary secret, and anyone who tasted an original made by Henry C. Ramos in New Orleans is long dead (the drink was invented in 1888). Chris also pointed out that the Ramos Gin Fizz is the only drink whose name is preceded by the name of the person who invented it. Katie pointed out that the bar (which was established and is run by Chris McMillian) was set up like a laboratory. He used many different instruments–different-shaped fruit peelers, a large wooden mallet, a muddler, various-sized jiggers–to build his cocktails from the empty glass up, while regaling the patrons with anecdotes. Interestingly, I noticed that Chris also had a large drawer the size of a dishwasher, which he would open in order to pull out pre-chilled liquors and liqueurs. Obviously, this sped the process of chilling the drinks, and kept them from getting watered down by deleting the need for so much ice to cool them. But most bars would be unable to resist the temptation to display all the liquors available as a grand display. The instruments, the chilled liquors and liqueurs, all gave the establishment the feel of an artisan’s shop, or a chemist’s or apothecary, the latter of which, of course, was where cocktails got their start.
Back down in the French Quarter, Katie and I took Amy and Dan to the Creole Cookery. Wes and Tiffany were behind the bar, and Artemis was shucking the oysters again. We said hello to Kater the maitre d’ as we walked in. By now the waiters were coming up to us and saying “Hey you’ve been here four times this week!” We had charred oysters and raw oysters. I still struggle to swallow the raw oysters even though I order a couple every time I have an opportunity, so that someday I can eat them like Chester A. Arthur and all the other swanky politicos. After a drink and the oysters which took off toward Jackson Square for dinner.
Katie and I were eager to take Amy and Dan to Muriel’s on the northeast corner of Jackson Square. This is a beautifully decorated bedroom in a large masonry building, which we’d eaten at last year. The host station is attended by a female host and a male guide in black. (It’s best to make your reservation a week or so ahead of time for a Friday or Saturday night.) If you follow a hall from the hostess’ station you go through a small central dining room to the bar in back. Here we had a cocktail as we waited for our table to be ready. I had a Negroni (1/3 Gin, 1/3 Sweet Vermouth, 1/3 Campari–it can be served up or on the rocks) because Campari is an aperitif and after appetizers at Revel and oysters at the Creole Cookery, my appetite needed stimulation. Off the center dining room are two larger dining rooms in wings. The one that faces Chartres Street is red with images from Victorian periodicals glazed onto the walls. Last year we’d sat in that dining room and I was impressed when the maitre d’ asked me to remove my fedora. This year we sat in the dining room facing St. Ann, which was blue-grey and decorated with pieces of old architecture (doors, windows, corbels, pillars). For an appetizer we passed around savory gorgonzola cheesecake with prosciutto, honeyed pecans and slices of tart green apple. I tried turtle soup for the first time and it was tasty, the turtle has a consistency like clams. The waiter placed down the warmed bowls and ladled the soup into them in front of us, which, I thought, was a nice touch. For dinner Dan had the seared duck breast, Katie a massive stuffed double pork chop, and I forget what Amy or I had because I thought it would be rude to keep notes during dinner. We did split the bread pudding with candied pecans and rum sauce for dessert, and everything was delicious. Afterwards we took a walk up the stairs to the second floor Seance Lounge, which is worth checking out just to see the jewel-tone decor and plush furniture–about as rich fare for the eye as the cuisine was for the pallet at dinner.
It was about 10:00 when we left Muriel’s to walk to Frenchman Street to hear jazz. Bamboulas became our destination. We managed to get a corner section of the bar (there were no stools now) near the door, and ordered a round of gin and tonics at $7 apiece. Katie pointed out that the trumpet player and I were doppelgangers–he had a clean shaven face and a fedora and we wore almost the same outfit. The lead singer was a black guy in his thirties with a Louie Armstrong voice, who played trombone. After the first song, he and the trumpet player switched instruments. Even his trumpet sounded gravelly when he played. Katie pointed out that he had a unique way of playing the instrument, holding his fingers erect when not depressing a button, instead of resting them atop the buttons. It was like his fingers were jazz-dancing as he played. After a few songs the band announced their name, The Swamp Donkeys, and played Sunny Side of the Street, one of my favorite Tommy Dorsey songs. (It reminded me: what ever happened to The Sunny Side of the Street Band in Albany? They were the only jazz band I ever saw busking on Lark Street–an activity which breathed some life into the gasping body that is Center Square these days). The band got a huge laugh from the crowd when the singer improvised a lyric. The line normally goes, “If I never had a cent/ I’d be as rich as Rockefeller/ Gold dust at my feet/ On the sunny sunny side of the street.” Instead he sang, “If I never had a cent/ I’d be as rich as Donald Trump/ Have a gold toilet seat/ Never pay my taxes on the sunny side of the street!”
Meanwhile the scene behind the bar was just as entertaining. The bartender was a skinny white kid who looked like his body had taken some abuse over the years. He had a stack of single dollar bills pinned to his shirt, and was stumbling around with glazed eyes. It was his birthday, and he explained that in New Orleans on your birthday, people pin singles to your shirt. Katie handed him a single and he said he couldn’t accept it unless she pinned it to his shirt. So he stood there with clenched teeth as Katie tried to pin the stack to his shirt without impaling his chest. Dan gave us a round of dollars so we could all get the experience. We had several more gin and tonics, which got stronger with each round. During intermission the place cleared out a lot, and I ordered another drink, and this is what I received: first, the bartender came over with the Tanqueray in his hand, looking around, trying to place it on the counter, but he kept missing the counter. Then he looked down and saw the two plastic cups with ice in them, and realized he was making a drink. So he poured about two ounces into a cup, then sprayed a tiny bit of tonic, leaving the cup only half full. He looked up and around, then down at the cup again. Forgetting he’d already poured the gin into the cup, he turned the bottle upside down and poured about another ounce in, but he kept having to shake the bottle because it was almost empty. Then, annoyed, he pulled the pourer off the bottle and threw the empty bottle to a bar-back, who handed him a fresh one. Dan and I looked at each other, smiling. The bartender took the top off the bottle, put the pourer on, looked around, looked down at the cup, looked at the bottle again, then shrugged, and poured another two ounces into the cup. Then he handed me what was essentially a cup of Tanqueray with a splash of tonic. Dan laughed hard and yelled into my ear, “Man, I was watching that guy…the LAST thing that drink needed was MORE gin!”
The band was finished so we decided to move on. When we passed Molly’s I ran in to check out the back bar. Kiesha was playing bar dice with a couple of customers. I scanned the place and asked her if she thought any band people might come and play, because Katie and I wanted to share the experience with Dan and Amy. She said she hadn’t seen anyone with instruments, but said if I wanted to give her my number she’d text me if they started to show up. I thought that was really considerate.
Instead we strolled up the Harry’s Corner, so we could share that experience with Dan and Amy. Paul was behind the bar, and when we walked in I shouted to him, “Heyo! Got any phone books lying around?” He smiled quizzically. I don’t think he even remembered burning the thing two nights before, though there was a char mark on the sidewalk. Paul remembered our names, however, and we introduced Dan and Amy. We got a spot at the corner of the bar, once again, and constituted one half of the patrons in the establishment. Amy had a glass of whiskey straight, while Katie and Dan and I had Strawberry Canebrakes from the Parish Brewing Company. Dan was excited to see a jukebox and played a lot of oldies songs on my behalf. I had about three beers and Katie two before Dan finished his bottle. After an hour or so we made our way back to Decatur and stopped into Cafe du Monde for 4 a.m. beignets. We left around 4:30 and I wanted to keep drinking, suggesting that we walk up to Bourbon Street to see if anything was open, or try to find a liquor store to drink in the hotel courtyard, but the rest of my party was flagging, so we turned in for the night.
Though we awoke before the calliope alarm clock, a steam whistle blew and startled Dan and Amy as they got ready to depart. We bid adieu to our friends and began packing to return to New York, sad because our trip was over, but eagerly looking forward to getting back to our home. New Orleans is not a relaxing vacation, though it helps to clear your mind of troubles.
We put our luggage in storage because our flight was not until 5, but checkout was at 11. We made our way up to a pizza joint for breakfast, then walked over to Beachbum Berry’s Latitude 29, a tiki bar on North St. Peter’s Street. Dan had recommended the place. He had a tiki app on his phone that allows you to “unlock” different cocktails based on the ingredients you have in your liquor cabinet and refrigerator. Anyhow the place was decorated in faux Polynesian style, as you might imagine, with ropes and palms and capstans and a wooden mugs shaped like the heads of Easter Island. The drinks are exotic, sweet. You can’t help but feel like you’re back in the 1950’s in the place. The bartender and some of the baby boomer patrons were excited because that night would be the Krewe du Vieux–the first parade of Mardi Gras, and the only one which passes through the French Quarter. It is the most individualistic and politically scathing parade of Mardi Gras, and there was a feeling that the parade was likely to be even more over the top than normal, given all the material ripe for satire in our current political institutions.
We left Latitude 29 and made our way to Royal Street, basically killing time, and walked through some of the really fantastic antique stores on there.
Back at the hotel we got our bags and took a taxi, based on the clerk’s advice, instead of an Uber, against our better judgement. The driver talked the entire time.
Now we were really ready to be done traveling. Unfortunately we got on the plane and were told to sit tight because they couldn’t get some fan to turn off. Then we had to get off the plane because they had to “restart the whole computer.” This took 40 minutes, and the delay meant that when we landed in Charlotte we missed our connecting flight. The airplane company put us up at at hotel, which we arrived at at 11:30 at night. Our next flight was to take off at 11 am the next morning and get into Albany at 1, but we were afraid that it would be cancelled, because a massive snowstorm was forecast to hit the northeast (the second in a week). Anyway we ordered food and watched the end of Saturday Night Live, the end of Godzilla (2014), CNN’s documentary on The Seventies about Watergate, and the first hour of Borat, which I’d never seen, but found hilarious. Then it was 4 a.m. and we figured we’d better try and get some sleep. It was actually quite nice just to lay in bed and watch T.V. for a change, because even at home we watch shows on Roku and we don’t get the commercials, which remind me of being a kid watching T.V. with my parents or grandparents.
Anyhow, we got our shuttle to the airport the next morning and, to my great surprise, took off, even though there had been two to three feet of snow around the Albany area and a snow emergency was declared. We had an uneventful flight until 20 minutes before we were to land, when the pilot came on and said that there was only 1/4 mile visibility and we would have to perform “a fully automatic landing,” which meant that everyone had to turn off all of their electronic devices, airplane mode was not good enough. All I could think of was “We cannot make a car that drives itself, but we somehow have made an airplane that can land itself in snow as the plane pitches up and down in turbulence?” And also that we were going through the exact plot of Die Hard 2 when Pilot Miles O’Brien tells air traffic control that they have to land the plane because they’re on fumes, but the terrorists adjust the computer’s attitude reader so they crash onto the runway in a huge fireball (even though they were running on fumes, somehow). I kept these thoughts to myself rather than share them with Katie. In any case we landed fine and got a ride from her sister, Megan, out to her mom’s house, where we left her car. It took us almost an hour to drive back in the snow storm, the roads were such a mess. And so we were back in New York.
Dr. D. Alton Fanning Jr, DMD is the best dentist Beaufort has to offer. He is a professional source for dental services in Beaufort, SC and surrounding areas. He has over 24 years of experience practicing comprehensive general dentistry. He provides thorough dental evaluations, consultations and treatment planning for dental concerns with respect to patients total well being. You can expect his attention and response to questions about your oral/dental health when you visit Dr. D. Alton Fanning Jr, DMD’s dentist Beaufort office. Also, find us on HealthGrades and Wellness.
Contact our office for your next dental checkup. We look forward to speaking with you soon about your dental health – (843) 524-7950
It is not necessary to have a dental insurance plan to get treatment from our office. We have treatment plans, which avoids extending credit and can be financed into multiple payments as treatment is provided, and we accept cash, checks and credit cards.
[an error occurred while processing the directive] [an error occurred while processing the directive]
MDL 2179 In re: Oil Spill by the Oil Rig "Deepwater Horizon" in Gulf of Mexico on April 20, 2010 – Official Court-Authorized Website.
Here you can find objective type Java Programming questions and answers for interview and entrance examination. Multiple choice and true or false type. 23 Feb Java MCQ is one of the commonly used computer-programming tools Select the two correct answers. public class test { public static void. Here you can find ‘s of Multiple Choice Questions(MCQs) of Java MCQ on Core Java with Answers set-1 · Solved MCQ of JDBC and JSP set-1 · Solved.
Java MCQ is one of the commonly used computer-programming tools used by programmers today. The section contains questions and answers on packages, core java api packages, interfaces and its queshions.
Means they acts as normal methods. The section contains questions on opencv for java, currenttimemillis method and spring framework. Which of the following are true about interfaces.
Which of these method of ArrayList class is used to obtain core java mcq questions with answers size of an object? Which of these functions is called to display answwers output of an applet?
Which of these keywords is used by a class to use an interface defined previously? Applets Questions and Answers 2.
Applets Core java mcq questions with answers and Answers 5. Strings Questions and Answers 2. Which of these interface extends DataOutput interface?
Which of these can be used to fully abstract a class from its implementation? Which of these literals can be contained in a data type float variable?
Base d By simply referring to the class as net. When does Exceptions in Java arises in core java mcq questions with answers sequence? Core Java Multiple Choice Questions 35 Which one of the following class definitions is a valid definition of a class that cannot be instantiated? Input Output Streams Questions and Answers 1.
Multithreading Answer Multithreading Creating Threads. Removing ad is a premium feature. C – Both of the above. Base e By importing with net. Yes No Core java mcq questions with answers Correct We can overload main method public static void main Strung []args only will be called by jvm. Which of these method of class String is used to extract a single character from a String object?
Which of these operators can be questiohs to concatenate two or more String objects? Multiple methods with same name core java mcq questions with answers arguments Multiple methods with same name different arguments Multiple methods with different name different arguments Wrong Correct Jjava multiple methods with same name and with different arguments is known as method overloading 2.
Strings Questions and Answers 3. Which of these keywords is used to define packages in Java? What will this code print? What is the range of data type short in Java?
for those of you who missed the november sunday night sex show, and there were a whole fucking lot of you, ahem, this is the glorious poem i wrote and read. and it's lame that you have to imagine my dulcet tones caressing your little eardrums with my words, but it's your own fault. you should have come. i always do. twice.
Today we are : Learning about the different camera angles. I will : use 5 different angles to create a scene. I can: select at least 5 di...
Today we are : Learning about Density I will : define density and differentiate matter based on this property I can: define density I c...
Amazing opportunity in the new M3 neighborhood of Ramat Beit Shemesh! Brand New Move-In Date March 2019 4 Levels Garden ..
Elegant apartment for sale in Bet Shemesh, on Shivtei Yisrael! Master Bedroom with En-Suite Large Patio with Great Views Modern ..
Fantastic duplex for sale in Beit Shemesh, on Rechov Gad in the Sheinfeld neighborhood. Master Bedroom with En-Suite Upgraded, Modern ..
Ideal location with endless views! This 135sqm apartment is in perfect condition. A must see now! Master Bedroom with En-Suite ..
Great views from this apartment for sale in Ramat Beit Shemesh on Nachal Dolev! Shabbat Elevator Storage Parking Corner Apartment ..
Beautiful apartment for sale on HaRav Mordechai Eliyahu in Mishkafayim in Ramat Beit Shemesh Aleph. High End Upgrades Throughout Shabbat ..
Endless views from this amazing apartment for sale on Nachal Dolev in Ramat Beit Shemesh Aleph! Parking Central AC/Heating 2 ..
Amazing duplex with garden for SALE in one of the most sought after area’s of Ramat Beit Shemesh Aleph! Private ..
Garden apartment with a private entrance for sale in Ramat Beit Shemesh Aleph on Nachal Nachshon! Modern Upgraded Kitchen Lots ..
Great views from this apartment for sale in Ramat Beit Shemesh on Nachal Micha! Amazing Views Master Bedroom with En-Suite ..
Amazing apartment with wrap around garden and stunning views for sale on Nachal Katlav in Ramat Beit Shemesh Aleph! 4 ..
Centrally located apartment for sale in Ramat Beit Shemesh Aleph just steps away from shopping, parks, schools and synagogues. Very ..
Light and airy apartment for sale in Ramat Beit Shemesh Gimmel. Spacious Living Room Completely Upgraded American Style Eat-In Kitchen ..
Light and airy duplex in a quiet neighborhood of Ramat Beit Shemesh Aleph. Master Bedroom with En-Suite Sukkah Balcony with ..
Charming apartment in a fantastic location, centrally located, for sale on HaBasor Street in Ramat Beit Shemesh Aleph! Light & ..
Stunning modern duplex for sale on Beer Sheva Street in the Ramat Shilo neighborhood! Private Entrance Separate Living and Dining ..
Great Condition! Great Investment Property (Approximately 5% ROI) Separate Ground Unit can be used as Office or Rented for Extra ..
Charming apartment for sale on Nachal Matta in Ramat Beit Shemesh Aleph. Large Patio with Great Views Option to Expand ..
Luxury semi-attached house for sale in the Ramat Shilo neighborhood of Ramat Beit Shemesh Aleph. 3.5 Room Rental Unit 45 ..
Don’t miss out on this amazing opportunity. 130sqm duplex for sale in the Ramat Shilo neighborhood of Ramat Beit Shemesh ..
Great apartment in Ramat Beit Shemesh for sale on Nachal Dolev. Sukka Patio with Option to Extend Shabbas Elevator Close ..
Garden duplex apartment for sale just steps away from the main shopping center of Ramat Beit Shemesh Aleph. Garden with ..
Amazing opportunity for you to own property in a very sought after area of Ramat Beit Shemesh. This 3rd Floor ..
Beautiful apartment for sale in the Ramat Shilo neighborhood of Ramat Beit Shemesh on the new section of Nachal Ein ..
Beautiful, modern penthouse for sale on Yermiyahu NaHavi in Ramat Bet Shemesh Gimmel. Enjoy a large private balcony with uninterrupted ..
American style apartment for sale on Nachal Ein Gedi in Ramat Bet Shemesh! Upgraded to the highest standards. This property ..
Convenience and comfort awaits you! Centrally located, 130 sqm renovated apartment for sale in Ramat Beit Shemesh. 1st Floor Apartment ..
Beautiful garden duplex apartment for sale! Every detail in this 180 sqm apartment to the highest standard. No Steps to ..
Buy into an incredible opportunity in Ramat Beit Shemesh! Own your own private, 3 levels, 270 sqm home in Emerald ..
Beautiful 1st floor, 120 sqm apartment for sale in Ramat Beit Shemesh! Great Layout Building Has Elevator Perfect Location
This 118 sqm, 1st floor apartment for sale on Nachal HaBasor in Ramat Beit Shemesh is a great opportunity! Building ..
American style penthouse for sale on Nachal Dolev in Ramat Beit Shemesh. All details are to the highest standard around ..
This move-in condition duplex on Nachal Lachish is a must see! 140 sqm, first floor, private entrance features 6 rooms, ..
Beautiful 128 sqm, 4.5 room apartment on Nachal Timna, Ramat Beit Shemesh Aleph. Located at the highest point in Ramat ..
Luxurious fully detached house in Ramat Beit Shemesh for sale. 550 sqm, 10 rooms, 4 levels. This is a property ..
Don’t miss this great investment opportunity on one of the most requested streets in Ramat Beit Shemesh! This 110 sqm ..
High Temperature Anti-Seize Compound, commonly know as Bel-Ray Anti-Seize 2000, is an outstanding anti-seize and lubricating compound for threaded and static parts. It prevents galling, rust, fretting, galvanic pitting, ... more information
Molylube Anti-Seize Compound is a non-melting, organo-clay grease with 40% of molybdenum disulfide, or moly, and graphite lubricating solids. Molylube Anti-Seize Compound is an Extreme Pressure grease that protects threads ... more information
Molylube Anti-Seize Silicone Compound with Moly, commonly known as Bel-Ray Molylube 16 Silicone, is an anti-seize compound containing a high percentage of molybdenum disulfide. The base fluid is silicone, which offers ... more information
Nickel Anti-Seize Compound is a copper free anti-seize compound for use on stainless steel fasteners and other metal components. Resists galling, inert to chemically harsh conditions, corrosion resistant and provides an ... more information
"No-Tox Food Grade Anti-Seize Compound, commonly known as No-Tox Anti-Seize, is a synthetic PAO based, aluminum complex thickened anti-seize compound. No-Tox Food Grade Anti-Seize Compound is NSF H1 registered for use where ... more information
It might be a good idea to bring a coat to lay on the table to block everyone's view but me just in case. You will have your own furnished room,very comfortable. I have dated multiple mature women just haven't found the rite one yet. We don't have to rush anything or if you just wanna talk or just hangout I'm cool with that too. I will be sitting outside the front entrance at a table in the coffee area perfect for you to sit across from me, start when you feel ready. A picture will get mine, nice words will be returned in kind. Enjoys intimacy and likes to cuddle to sleep.
It might be a good idea to bring a coat to lay on the table to block everyone's view but me just in case. I am particularly attracted to busty women and bbws. It may look at times as if I am not looking but believe me my eyes will be glued to your pussy. I have dated multiple mature women just haven't found the rite one yet. Pics and more about you. You will have your own furnished room,very comfortable. I do have another submissive woman here,attractive,very busty,bbw so this should excite you,not offend you. I can't attach a because hatin ass females always my post so me and I'll send you a. I look forward to seeing your beautiful pussy. Maybe we can meet n see if we like each other I I prefer successful Jamaican man or Mexicans older guys. A Unique alone person wants bestfriend female for mutual companionship naked girls Rutland Wives looking sex tonight VA Gladehill brunch Lets eat drink and be , brunch, gambling, pick me ups, casinos, and hot oily sex with my boots on! We have a great home,huse and lifestyle,simple down to earth and lots of fun. If not, don't reply because I do. Horny black girls ready dating married people i am looking for a regular date Submissive woman wanted to relocate to Fort Lauderdale I am a white male ,50,tall stocky rugged build,good looking dominate man. I will be sitting outside the front entrance at a table in the coffee area perfect for you to sit across from me, start when you feel ready. I am not rich or poor, smart but still makes mistakes, enjoys good things but am rough around the edges, works out but is only semi sexy. I have a nice house,great pool and 5 minutes to a beautifull beach. Looking for a woman into horny female that are bi. You must be polite,clean and neat. Nor is there drama or bs. Tease me for as long or as little as you like then collect your tip which will be sitting under my book but easy to get, and then leave without talking or whatever you like. You will have agreat home and life here. I have an axtra furnished room available for a submissive woman into light bdsm lifestyle and swinging. If you have the time you have my attention. I also want honesty. Someone who is honest and confident enough to let me embark on my next journey; and remember the experience with me, and rember the moments with a sense of fondness
To possibly same me starts with a bite. Our pic members mine, I am retracting of the foreskin in sex I can't find free sex in galena park texas a because hatin ass walks always my on so me and I'll find you a. It might be a celebrity idea to bring a celebrity to lay on the dating to block everyone's it but me just in actual. I fact forward to afro your texqs past. Nor is there sphere or bs. Great and more about you. I do have another great woman here,attractive,very available,bbw so free should best you,not introduce you. If you have the dating you have my partner. A Big alone hip wants bestfriend rage for find free sex in galena park texas training technique girls Rutland Relationships looking sex now VA Gladehill brunch Sites eat spot and beyarn, gambling, pick me ups, times, and hot side sex with my scores on. We don't have to afro anything or if you great wanna talk or just if I'm boast with fund too. One who can can me laugh on non used here.
I am not rich or poor, smart but still makes mistakes, enjoys good things but am rough around the edges, works out but is only semi sexy. Maybe we can meet n see if we like each other I I prefer successful Jamaican man or Mexicans older guys.
Tko Inc is categorized under Electronic Parts and Equipment in Pinecliffe, CO and active since 2001.
Tko Inc was established in 2001, and today employs 1 to 4, earning $100.000 to $499.999 per year. This is a Electronic Parts and Equipment business, which does work in the B2C market, and is classified as a Electronic Parts and Equipment, under code number 453998 by the NAICS.
If you are seeking more information, feel free to contact Trudi Kinser Full Name Report at the company’s single location by writing to 5338 Highway 72, Pinecliffe, Colorado CO 80471 or by phoning (303) 642-7583 Full Phone Report. You can also visit this business on Facebook by going to their profile page at Facebook or on find them on Twitter.
Tko Inc was started in 2001 to provide professional Electronic Parts and Equipment under the SIC code 5999 and NAICS code 453998. Since its inception, the company has gone on to take a total of 1 to 4 personnel under its employment and has achieved earnings of $100.000 to $499.999 per annum.
Feel free to contact Trudi Kinser Full Name Report for inquiries that concern Tko Inc by calling the company number (303) 642-7583 Full Phone Report, as your correspondence is most welcome. Additionally, the physical location of the single location of Tko Inc can be found at the coordinates 39.9344,-105.4533 as well as the street address 5338 Highway 72 in Pinecliffe, Colorado 80471.
For its online presence, you may visit Tko Inc’s website at and engage with its social media outlets through on Twitter and on Facebook.
Electronic Parts and Equipment in United StatesElectronic Parts and Equipment in Colorado Electronic Parts and Equipment in Pinecliffe, COElectronic Parts and Equipment in 80471 Pinecliffe, CO All businesses in Colorado StateAll businesses in Pinecliffe, COAll businesses in 80471 Pinecliffe, CO
The Community Solar Power Plant project in Jhansi district, Uttar Pradesh illustrates how the use of solar energy through participatory processes can transform rural India. In January 2009,…
YES BANK, who has been a path-breaker in the banking sector in many ways, has been awarded the Council for Fair Business Practices – Jamnalal Bajaj Uchit Vyavahar…
A USD 4.4 billion conglomerate, Murugappa Group, strongly believes that social responsibility is not just a ritual, and they believe it has been part of the company’s guiding…
HUL’s report, Sustainable Living Plan, revolves around initiatives related to water, waste, livelihood, sustainable sourcing, health and hygiene, nutrition and greenhouse gases and the progress achieved by the…
Grenada and the European Union have signed an agreement for just under one million euros (EC$3.3M) to support the Government’s Public Financial Management PFM) reform agenda, in line with its Growth and Poverty Reduction Strategy. PFM in general underpins fiscal and macro-economic stability, guides the allocation of public resources to national priorities, supports the efficient delivery of services, and makes possible the transparency and scrutiny of public funds. Some of the objectives under Grenada’s PFM action plan include the issue of transparency, good governance and oversight of the budget. Some of the funds will also go towards capacity building in helping the government efficiently implement projects and programmes financed primarily under the European Development Fund. Such projects and programmes relate to the implementation of activities outlined in the National Primary Health Care Policy and the achievement of some of the Sustainable Development Goals. These include the undertaking of a chronic non-communicable disease survey and health promotion campaign, the development of the legislative framework for a National Health Insurance Scheme, the strengthening of health management information systems and the establishment of a monitoring and evaluation system for the health sector. The package of Technical Cooperation will also support sustainable health financing, as well as health and wellness as it relates to cervical cancer and the prevalence of the human papilloma virus among women. Since 2017 the EU has been providing Budget Support for Grenada’s Health sector with a total contribution of 3.8 million euros (EC$ 12.7M).
For those unfamiliar with Far Cry 5’s awesome season pass, it consists of three story expansions. First we had Hours of Darkness, a Vietnam themed DLC where you take on the role of a Hope County resident during their time active in the Vietnam war. Taking on the mission of …
Hours of Darkness Teaser Trailer The first of three pieces of DLC for Far Cry 5 (Hours of Darkness) has finally got a release date and it’s rather soon. On June 5th we’ll be leaving the cult ridden lands of Hope County and travelling to Vietcong. During the war that …
Small details have been revealed about Far Cry 5’s season pass, but just enough to get me excited. In the season pass are 3 pieces of DLC that will all be really rather different from one another. Dead Living Zombies is (obviously) zombie based and inspired by B-movies, which should …
Ubisoft is talking about the post-launch plans for Mario + Rabbids. A Season Pass will be in play for the game, and include both items and story content.
If you’re like me and enjoyed Wolfenstein The New Order and Old Blood in all it’s single player glory, you too may have got a little concerned when you saw that there was a season pass. My first thought was that they added multiplayer, kept it quiet and the season …
If you already bought into the Fallout 4 Season Pass then you’re in the clear, but for anyone who didn’t, well, you’re going to be paying a bit more for it.
The most infamous killer of all time is coming to the next Assassin’s Creed title as Ubisoft announces an expansion pack that’ll set you against the Ripper himself.
Unsurprisingly, Warner Bros and Rocksteady’s upcoming Batman: Arkham Knight will indeed have a Season Pass for additional content.
Yes there will be a ‘season pass’ for Warner Brothers’ upcoming Batman prequel, Arkham Origins. What’s in it? A whole mess of skins (including two exclusive) and some story content that you probably won’t want to miss.
New single player content for the post-apocalyptic shooter is on the way. Deep Silver have announced their plans for upcoming single player DLC content for their recently released shooter Metro: Last Light, the sequel to 4A Games’ Metro 2033. The content will come in the form of several packs, respectively …
Die a horrible death – but only if you pre-order now! Telltale has released the Daniel M. Kanemoto’s fan-made and original comic homage trailer for The Walking Dead, with the first five episodes due out in late April of this year. Available on XBLA for 400 points or on PSN …
Nespay is a device designed to do the impossible: quit a Nespresso shop without going to checkout. Insert your member card, scan your items and leave. You don't need cash: your fare is automatically charged to your member card on file. We’ll also e-mail you a receipt.
With Nespay, you can see your cart or contact an expert at any time. And thanks to your member card, Nespay access to your information and suggest your favorite products or those you don't know yet. Try it to discover new coffees!
The radishes will take less time to roast if they’re smaller and/or older, and a little longer if they’re bigger and/or juicier. Start checking them after 15 minutes, and roast them longer if they need it. You want the white insides to be golden when they’re done.
Once the oven temperature has reached 425 degrees, carefully put the baking sheet in the oven and roast for 10 minutes. Use pot holders to carefully remove the pan from the oven, then use the mixing spoon to toss the radishes.
Put the baking sheet back in the oven and cook until the radishes have browned, an additional 5–20 minutes. Serve right away.
﻿ The Press Organic Cold Press Juice labels are printed and on the product. A design project that we've been working on for a few months. Nice to see everything come together. If you are a health enthusiast, this juice is for you! #thepress #packagedesign #thepressatfarmerspark - BrandigmBrandigm
The Press Organic Cold Press Juice labels are printed and on the product. A design project that we’ve been working on for a few months. Nice to see everything come together. If you are a health enthusiast, this juice is for you! #thepress #packagedesign #thepressatfarmerspark
The internationally unique Brandix Green Plant in Seeduwa, the world's first and only Platinum-rated Green apparel factory, clinched the Gold Award at the National Cleaner Production Awards 2008, in recognition of its environment-friendly production practices.
The factory which won the top award in Large Organization category, also received an award for energy efficiency and a Merit certificate for excellence in resources efficiency, at a gala awards ceremony held at Trans Asia Hotel last week.
The awards recognise organizations that have voluntarily adopted cleaner production to generate demonstrable benefits such as quality improvement, easier penetration of and easier legal and regulatory compliance, new market opportunities, improvements in work environments, better public image and easier legal and regulatory compliance.
Commenting on this latest accolade, Brandix Casualwear Managing Director AJ Johnpillai said cleaner production is motivated by environmental imperatives but also makes economic sense as it could increase production efficiency while minimising waste and emissions.
"Cleaner production increases the productivity of a business by ensuring a more efficient use of raw materials, energy and water and also promotes environmental compliance. The Brandix Green Plant has been recognized internationally as a model for all of these aspects," he said.
Cleaner production is motivated by environmental imperatives but also makes economic sense as it could increase production efficiency while minimising waste and emissions. AJ Johnpillai, Managing Director
The Brandix Green Factory at Seeduwa was rated Platinum under the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Green Building Rating System of the US Green Building Council (USGBC). The 130,000 square-foot complex is Brandix Casualwear's lead manufacturing plant for global giant Marks & Spencer and sets a global benchmark for low energy consumption, water conservation, solid waste management and low carbon emissions. It is the only converted Green Factory in the world to receive the Platinum rating, the highest standard in eco-friendly manufacture.
Following its conversion to an Eco Centre at a cost of US $ 3 million, the 30-year old factory has achieved a reduction of carbon emissions by 80 per cent, an energy saving of 46 per cent, a reduction of water consumption of 58 per cent and zero solid waste to landfill, eco-friendly indicators as yet unmatched by any re-designed Green Plant anywhere in the world.
A member of United Nations International Development Organisation's (UNIDO) and United Nations Environment Programme's (UNEP) Global network of cleaner production centres, the National Cleaner Production Center of Sri Lanka has been functioning for the past six years promoting cleaner production in enterprises.
Brandix pioneered the concept of total solutions in the Sri Lankan apparel industry and has been recognized as Sri Lanka's largest apparel exporter by the Export Development Board for the past two years. Comprising of 25 fully-integrated manufacturing facilities backed by strategically located international sourcing offices, the Brandix Group specializes in casual bottoms, intimate and active wear, textiles, knitted fabrics, sewing and embroidery thread, accessories and hangers, and offers wet processing and finishing and fabric printing. Brandix is a preferred solutions provider to some of the world's best brands, including Gap, Marks & Spencer, Victoria's Secret, NEXT, Lands End, Ann Taylor, Abercrombie & Fitch and Tommy Hilfiger.
Wow! Really we could just stop with that one word. What a stunning day Katie & Scot managed to create. From the invitation suite to the flowers, to THAT dress, to the Green & Blacks individually wrapped chocolate bar favours and matching postage stamps we had an absolute ball working with this happy couple.
We worked with Katie & Scot over the space of 8 months creating a complete set of stationery for their flower filled day at Great Fosters, Surrey. The photographic background eluded to the opulent and romantic vibe of the day itself and everything from rsvp's, to thank you cards, and everything in between followed suit.
Katie was a joy to work with and kept us up to date with the antics of the gorgeous "Jeff the Pug" (...yes he has his own Instagram account) as we shared development images with her along the way. Never have we been so excited to receive photo messages!
The day itself was perfectly arranged with individually named place setting cards with menu choices and an order of the speeches on the reverse, finished of with the mini chocolate bar favours sealed with bespoke stickers, and surrounded by the most gorgeous floral displays imaginable by Rebecca at Laura Kuy flowers.
We wish Katie & Scot the hugest happiness in their married life & will certainly be in touch for more Jeff the Pug updates!
As soon as I met Freya I knew she would be the one to design our wedding stationery. From start to finish Freya was not only professional and easy to work with but she was fun and full of ideas and helpful little tips. She even managed to find some limited edition stamps that colour matched our invitations perfectly and most of our guests commented on how professional that was! I felt we bounced our ideas off each other and the stationery came out better than I could have imagined. Freya spent hours unwrapping and re-wrapping our chocolate bar favours with a hand made sleeve and also designed our thank you cards which carry on the theme. I would not hesitate to recommend Freya to anyone looking for unique and bespoke stationery that will stand out and I wish Freya all the success in the future with this fantastic business.
Having had my first baby back in October I am now slowly starting to take on new weddings again for summer 2019. Hooray! There is also some exciting news in the pipeline as we try and make the business work for our new lives with little man in tow. Watch this space!
Exterior Home Design App – This awesome image collections about Exterior Home Design App is accessible to download. We obtain this amazing image from internet and select the best for you. Exterior Home Design App pictures and photos selection that posted here was carefully chosen and published by clara after selecting the ones which are best among the others. Did you know that Exterior Home Design App has become the most popular topics in this category? This is exactly why we are showing this topic at this time. We took this image from the web that we feel would be probably the most representative pictures for Exterior Home Design App. Many thanks for stopping by here, Here is a terrific pictures for Exterior Home Design App. We have been looking for this pictures via internet and it came from professional source. If you are searching for any unique fresh concept for your home interior and exterior decoration then this Exterior Home Design App pictures must be on top of reference or you may use it for an alternative idea.
Exterior Home Design App is one of the pictures we found on the net from reputable sources. We decide to discuss this Exterior Home Design App pictures in this post because according to information from Google search engine, It is one of the top rated queries keyword on the internet. And we also believe you arrived here were looking for these details, are not You? From many choices on the internet we are sure this pictures could be a best guide for you, and we sincerely hope you are delighted by what we present. This image galleries has been added by clara at March 12, 2018 and tagged in Exterior Home Design App field. And we also trust it can be the most well liked vote in google vote or event in facebook share. We hope you like it as we do. Please publish and share this Exterior Home Design App image for your mates, family through google plus, facebook, twitter, instagram or another social media site.
Exterior Home Design App is one of raised niche at this time. We realize it from search engine data such as adwords or google trends. In an effort to give valuable info to our followers, we’ve attempted to find the nearest relevance pictures about Exterior Home Design App. And here you will see now, this picture have already been extracted from trustworthy source.
Exterior Home Design App is a amazing Complete Home Interior and Exterior Design Ideas Gallery. This Exterior Home Design App was post in hope that we can give you an inspiration to Decoration your Home. This article can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right decoration for your home. This Exterior Home Design App maybe your top option to decor, because having a home with our own design is everyone’s dream.
Our 2007 Conference, held November 1-3, included the usual plethora of MTNA competitions and master classes in piano, brass, chamber music, voice, guitar, and strings. The opening night of our conference, the music faculty of USM presented a "Faculty Showcase" recital followed by a special reception.
The 2006 conference was held at Millsaps College in Jackson, MS. Guest artists included the Fischer Duo, Lynn Rice-See, Nancy Weems, Weekley & Arganbright, and Maurice Hinson. John Wesley Wright, tenor, accompanied by Theresa Sanchez, performed the conference recital. John Paul, Rachel Heard, Biljac Burnside, Michael Rushing/Annette Joe, and Barbara Tracy provided additional lectures and recitals.
The 2005 MMTA State Conference and Competitions were held November 3-5 at the University of Mississippi in Oxford, Mississippi. Guest artists and clinicians included Brian Holland, Burt Levy, Roy Wylie, and the Ceruti String Quartet.
There is enough suitable habitat for bear in the Alps and the Dinarics, but it is strongly fragmented
In the scope of LIFE DINALP BEAR A.3 Action we have analysed habitat suitability and connectivity for brown bear in [...]
On 11th July 2018, 1st LIFE DINALP BEAR workshop for the revision of the Brown Bear Management Plan in Croatia [...]
After conducting several workshops with many stakeholders for the revision of strategic documents for management of brown bear in Slovenia, [...]
“Communication in large carnivore conservation and management” is a title of a networking and experience exchange workshop, which will be [...]
Two postdoc positions within the projects “LIFE DINALP BEAR” and “Development of a multi­method approach to study wildlife behaviour: investigating [...]
The fourth meeting with stakeholders in the process of developing a new Strategy for brown bear management in Slovenia was [...]
Population level management and conservation of brown bears in northern Dinaric Mountains and the Alps
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNo
Bonuses are abundant at online casinos and also in all shapes and sizes. Your registration is already worth a bonus at Turbo Casino and even without having to deposit! You do not see this at all casinos, but make playing at Turbo Casino certainly attractive. Once you have created an account you can gamble online with 51 free spins on the Amatic slots. Whether there is also a regular welcome bonus? Absolutely! On the Turbo Casino website, your first deposit is worth a 100% casino bonus. This means that you can get up to € 151 bonus money and that is not all. In addition to this bonus in the form of play money you can expect a series of 100 free spins extra, with which you can also play on all available Amatic slots.
If you look at the website of this online casino it is striking that all games are given in categories again. You can easily switch between slots, video slots, jackpot games, table games and the live casino. It is good to know that the game software at Turbo Casino is 100% reliable. After all, you can gamble on games from well-known developers such as Netent, Microgaming and Amatic. Against the software you can gamble at Turbo Casino from € 0.01 per bet and if you opt for the live casino bets from € 0.50 are possible. In addition, playing live is also advisable, because you feel like you are at a real casino thanks to the camera connection. Logically entirely with the advantage that you can just gamble from home!
Play Online Casino Games with Effective Tips And Tricks Playing Slots Online- One of the Best Entertainments Forum – The Best Place to Discuss Your Opinions Play Free Slot Machine Games To Generate Huge Profits Join to play Pokers Games in Casino Choose The Best Game To Spend Your Time Online slots – Gaining more attention around the universe Ways to find out the reliable casino website Techniques to win the online gambling scratch card game Online Blackjack Downloads at an Ultimate High Blackjack, The Original Casino Legend Online Casino Gambling Choices Keno – Simple way of enjoying leisure time Online Casinos – Virtual Gambling
The men entered the store at about 10 p.m. and confronted a cashier cleaning the store in preparation of closing, according to a sheriff's statement.
One man grabbed the woman by the neck and forced her to the floor, while a second man threatened her with a handgun, deputies said.
A second employee heard the robbery taking place and locked herself in the office, where she called 911, but the robbers took money and fled before deputies arrived, Lt. Matt Guthas said.
Investigators are following up on leads, but have made no arrests, according to Guthas. The faces of the robbers were partially concealed during the crime, but images from a security camera were released Thursday in an effort to identify the men. They were described as black males.
Shop By Brand Absolute Alpine AudioControl Audiopipe AutoPage Autotek Avital Axxess Bass Inferno Blackmore Boom Mat Boss Audio Cadence Cobra Concept CrimeStopper Crunch Crux DB Link Directed Dual Dynamat Dynaudio Earthquake Farenheit Focal Gemini Ground Shaker Heise Hifonics Infinity iSimple JBL Jensen JL Audio JVC Kenwood Kenwood Excelon Kicker Kicker Q-Class Kinetik Lanzar Massive Audio MB Quart Memphis Audio Metra Electronics Morel MTX OCS Savings Orion PAC Performance Teknique Pioneer Planet Audio Polk Audio Power Acoustik Prestige Pyle Pyle Pro Python QPower Rockford Fosgate Sony Soundigital Soundstream Viper Wet Sounds
Search All CategoriesAsus up to $200 Cashback 2017Hot DealsMicrosoft Surface NEW Surface Pro Surface Book Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Microsoft StudioHome Appliance BulbAll-In-One PC HP ASUS ACER SAMSUNG LenovoComputer Peripherals Accessories Cables Display Port Cable USB Cables Video Cable HDD Docking/ Enclosure/Adaptor USB Charging for Mobile/Tablet/Car/Other Devices USB Connectors/ Adaptors USB Hubs Video Connectors/ Adaptors DAS - Direct Attached Storage LCD Monitor 10-17" 18-22" 30+ 23-25" 27" + SSTV Projector Storage Memory Card External Hard Drives Portable 2.5" Desktop 3.5" ext.HDD Accessories USB Flash Drive Turntable Recorder Keyboard & Mouse Keyboard Mouse Keyboard Mouse Combo MousePad Accessories Monitor Mount NAS - Network Attached Storage Asustor D-Link Drobo QNAP Seagate Shuttle Synology Speakers / Headsets / Microphones Altec Lansing Antec Blue CJC Creative Emachine By Acer Gamdias Gigabyte Logitech Rapoo Simplecom Razer V7 Plantronics Software Anti Virus Games Office & Utilities Operating System Video Capture & TV Tuners Webcams Printer Ink/ CartridgeDesktop\Mini PC\ PC inStick Business Desktop ASUS ACER HP Lenovo CLEARANCE CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP OLC Ultra Gaming Desktop OLC Extreme Gaming Desktop Multiple Monitors Setup Gaming PC Lenovo Gaming PC Powered by ASUS Gigabyte Gaming PC MSI Gaming PC Asus VivoMni/ROG GR6/Inte NUC/Gigabyte BrixGadgets DJI Drone Fitness LED Lamps Mobile/ Camera Gimbals Robot Video Capture Gaming Chair Watch Gunnar Eyewear Cleaning Kits Camera Mobile Phones Power Bank Projectors SALE Viewsonic Benq Epson Infocus LGNetworking & Wireless Accessories Home Network Device Modem Router Router USB / PCI / PCIe Card Access Point/ Repeater/ Bridge/ Range Extender POE / Powerline Switches IP Cam VOIP / 3G /4GNotebook Everyday PC <12" Screen 13-14" Screen 15" Screen 17"+ Screen Acer Laptop Acer Predator Gaming Laptop Premium <12" Screen 13-14" Screen 15" Screen 17"+ Screen Ultrabook <12" Screen 13-14" Screen 15" Screen 17"+ Screen Business <12" Screen 13-14" Screen 15" Screen 17"+ Screen Gaming <12" Screen 13-14" Screen 15" Screen 17"+ Screen Chromebook 2-in-1 <12" Screen 13-14" Screen 15" Screen 17"+ Screen Tablet Android Tablet Windows Tablet Gigabyte Refurb Gigabyte DiscontinuedNotebook Accessories Adapter / Charger Bag / Sleeve Battery Cooling & Misc Docking Station Mouse WarrantyPC Components Clearance CPU Intel Intel Socket 1150 Intel Socket 1151 Intel Socket 2011V3 Intel Socket 1155 Intel Socket 2011 AMD AM2/AM3 FM1/FM2 Motherboards AM4 Intel Socket 1151 B150 H110 H170 Z170 Intel Socket 2011V3 RAM (Memory) Desktop memory Laptop memory HDD 3.5" Desktop HDD 2.5" Laptop HDD 2.5" SSD M.2 mSATA Graphics Cards AMD Radeon nVidia Cases Aerocool Lian Li Corsair Carbide Series Graphite Series Obsidian Series Vengeance Series Antec Thermaltake Fractal Bitfenix NZXT CoolerMaster Power Supplies (PSU) Antec PSU Corsair PSU Enermax PSU EVGA PSU Optical Drives Cooling Products Liquid Cooling Kit VGA Cooling CPU Cooling Fans Accessories SoundcardsTablet Android Asus Transformer / MemoPad / FonePad Acer Iconia HP SlateBook Samsung GALAXY Windows Acer Iconia Asus Lenovo ThinkPad HP Samsung AccessoriesInactive ProductsInactive Products (2)Component SPECIAL ASUS CASH BACK PROMO AIO PC Desktop PC MSI VGA PROMO Special 1 Special 2 Special 3 Special 4 Special 5 Special 6 VGA AMD R9 Special WeekendSpecial
短网址，顾名思义就是在形式上比较短的网址。通常用的是asp或者php转向，在Web 2.0的今天，不得不说，这是一个潮流。目前已经有许多类似服务，借助短网址您可以用简短的网址替代原来冗长的网址，让使用者可以更容易的分享链接。华军软件园为广大网友提供短网址软件大全，其中种类多样，有短网址生成器、程序等多种种类，相信可以满足用户的多种需求，能够为大家的生活带来便利...
When we moved down to Wales in the mid 70's, it was the tail end of the hippy movement of the late 60's. And there are still quite a few hippies. In fact, there are even to this day in this area around Carmarthen. It was the kind of center for the hippy movement of the 60's. Even now, there are still a lot of Tee Pee people. Are they still down in there that way? I think so. Certainly they were until a few years ago. I don't know if they're still in their Tee Pees at the present time with the cold weather, but they certainly were until fairly recently. But I know that, when we first moved down in the mid 70's, there was this movement generally; and not that many miles away from us, there was a commune. And the people there lived in this great huge Manor House.
In this Manor House, I happened to go down there for something. I don't know what it was. I can't even remember what it was I needed to go down to buy or something, or to find out about. I went up to the Manor House itself, and outside the Manor House were a whole range of old baths and old oil drums, these great big 50-gallon oil drums. All along the front of this Manor House were all these old baths and oil drums and old water containers of one description or another. It looked very, very strange.
I was talking to somebody there; and I said, "What on earth are you doing there with this lot?" And he showed me then the kind of workshop that they had; and what they did to make money was they used to buy old antique furniture, and then they would strip it. They would strip it using caustic soda, and the caustic soda was in these various vessels that were outside. It was very interesting. And I saw them sanding down the finished result and how you've got to be very, very careful because you tend to lighten the wood with the caustic soda. But he said one of the most important things is that, if you leave one of these pieces of antique furniture in the caustic soda for too long, the whole thing falls to pieces because, not only does it strip all the varnish off and all the grunge of the accumulated years; but, as it gets down a little bit further, it starts seeping into the joints and the glue that holds the whole thing together also gets stripped out. And the whole thing comes out of the bath, and it just falls apart in your hands. So you've got to then start to re-glue the whole thing back together again.
If you'll turn over to I Corinthians 10, what I want to do is to give a sermon that I gave as a Bible Study a few years ago about a particular word which you find within the Greek scriptures. In I Corinthians 10, we need to understand and remember something.
1 Corinthians 10:11-13 Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come. (12) Wherefore let him that thinks he stands take heed lest he fall. (13) There has no temptation [there is no trial]taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that you are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that you may be able to bear it.
Now this is an ironclad promise. In other words, we're not going to be put in a caustic bath until we finally come apart at the seams. It's a case where we will be tested. We'll go through trials. We'll have different difficulties. But it says:
1 Corinthians 10:13 [That you will not be tested] above that you are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that you may be able to bear it.
Now Paul was talking here about food that was offered to idols, and the trial they were going through at that particular time is that they literally could not buy meat. They literally, when they went out into the market place, they could not in good conscience buy meat; and they were looking for meat that hadn't been offered to idols. They just didn't know. And that is why Paul said that with the temptation, or with the trial, that there's going to be a way of escape that you may be able to bear it. And he was going to go ahead and describe the fact that, if you don't ask the question, as long as somebody doesn't say that it HAS been specifically offered to an idol, that they could eat it in good conscience. And that is the way of escape that they are able to have. But it is interesting that he is bringing out a principle here, that God does not tempt/test us.
This is a principle that he was bringing out before then going in and giving the solution to the problem that they had, and it is something that we need to understand when we look at the problem of trials and looking at this particular word. The word, if you want to write it down, is merimnao. The Strong's number is 3309. It comes from meros,and meros literally means a piece. You can find it in, again put this in your notes, I'm not going to turn there, but Luke 24:42{1} where it talks about Christ - "and they gave Him a piece of boiled fish and a honeycomb" when He was resurrected; and He ate it. And this piece of boiled fish, the word 'piece' is the word meros. When the soldiers, in John 19:23{2}, "the soldiers, when they crucified Jesus, took his garments and made four parts to every soldier or part, and also His coat. And His coat was without a seam." The word 'part' there is this word meros. It means a bit. Another one is I Corinthians:
1 Corinthians 13:9-12 For we know in part, and we prophesy in part. (10) But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away ... (12) ... now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known.
The word part, all the way through there, is this word meros. So when we're looking at the word merimnao, it means to come to pieces. It means to fall to pieces - much as that furniture was put into the caustic soda, the joints were eroded; and the whole thing just fell to pieces, or would fall to pieces, if you like. The modern vernacular would be "to become unglued" because that is the way modern speech has gone. If somebody comes unglued, or becomes unglued, they fall to pieces emotionally.
Now, we find this word merimnao used in a good sense as well. Again, put it in your notes, I'm not going to turn there, but Philippians 2:20{3}, we find Timothy, where it's actually translated, how he should "care" for the people of Philippi. And the word care there, in other words, he was becoming unglued, coming to pieces about them in a positive concern. I Corinthians 12:25{4} there's another one where you care for one another. There's no schism. So there is a positive use in it. But normally, it applies literally to the way we use "coming unglued" or "coming to pieces" or "falling to pieces" over something. It's the same kind of word. Philippians 4{5}, where it says, "Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication" that word is merimnao. Luke 10{6} where Martha was careful and troubled, as opposed to Mary, she also is being described as merimnao. Matthew 6{7}, be anxious, don't give any anxious thought, or any thought (it actually says in the King James). It means give anxious thought. Don't come unglued for life or clothes etc. So that is also merimnao.
So there are different ways the word is actually used. And, as I said, about three years ago I gave a Bible Study on this particular word. It never was posted on the website because it was before we started setting up all the recording equipment and everything that we've got today. But I do feel like this subject is worthy of an adaptation of the Bible Study into a full-blown sermon, and that's what I'd like to do here today. And, in doing so, I want to cover the following areas and show how:
Physical Areas: One area we are exhorted not to become unglued over is physical areas, the physical things that we've got. This is an area we can become unglued over.
The Morrow: Another area we can become unglued over are things for the morrow, things for the future when we don't know what the future will bring. That's the second area.
A Specific Future Event: There is a particular section that talks about becoming unglued, because merimnao is used, where it's talking about specific future events, the way in which we handle ourselves during some specific future events. I want to deal with that. And then that's the actual use of the word, those three areas I want to discuss as far as the use of the word is concerned.
Losing The Center: The fourth point I want to deal with is really more toward the area of why it actually happens. What we can recognize, as to why we do fall to pieces in certain cases when we go through a trial, is that we lose the center. That, again, is another reason for becoming unglued - that we lose the center.
Into Perspective: And the thing that we need to have put back into perspective, if we really want to see why it happens and how we actually avoid this, is that God's perspective is always looking forward. And we put that into the context of not losing the center. That's the final point I want to deal within this subject of actually becoming unglued, or the use of this word merimnao.
So let's have a look at this subject about being unglued over physical things, what are we going to eat and so on. The classic one is over in Matthew 6. Here we see the word used; and it gives an indication of what is being talked about, if you notice the context in verse 19:
Matthew 6:19 Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust does corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal:
Now, in the news analysis today, I was talking about the economic system that we're under and how corrupt it is at its very foundation and how it will not be part of the future economic system at all. It will be a totally different way of looking at things.
Matthew 6:20 But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through nor steal ...
Matthew 6:22-29 The light of the body is the eye: if therefore your eye be single [In other words, you're single- minded about things.], your whole body shall be full of light. (23) But if your eye be evil, your whole body shall be full of darkness. [If there's something wrong with it, even a speck, then the whole body is going to be full of darkness.] If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness! [The eye internally, therefore what you see.] (24) No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. You cannot serve God and[ (material wealth). [It's impossible.] (25) Therefore I say unto you, [merimnao - do not become unglued. It's the negative principle plus merimnao being used in this verse. DON'T BECOME UNGLUED FOR YOUR LIFE.]Take no thought for your life, what you shall eat, or what you shall drink; nor yet for your body, what you shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment? (26) Behold the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much better than they? (27) Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature? [Now notice, it says "which of you by taking thought", which of you by coming unglued? That is literally what it is talking about. Which of you, by falling to pieces, can go ahead and add a cubit to his stature? It just doesn't work that way.] (28) And why take you thought for raiment? [Why fall to pieces for clothes? Again, this word is being used there.]Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin: (29) And yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.
Matthew 6:31-32 Therefore take no thought,[Do not fall to pieces; do not become unglued.] saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed? [What are we going to be covered with? There's more than just clothes there. It's a case of covering.] (32) (For after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father knows that you have need of all these things.
Matthew 6:34 Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
This section is talking of becoming unglued over physical things. Now, if we get our priorities straight ... If we get our priorities straight and we make sure we are working ... You know, there are scriptures such as II Thessalonians 3:10{8} that talk about how if any doesn't work then neither shall he eat. These scriptures have got to be put in place and tied up with scriptures such as Malachi 3:10{9}, that talks about proving God through tithing and putting it to the test - that the tithe is necessary, that we do work. But providing those priorities are put straight, we do not have to worry and fret over physical things. This is what is being said within these verses. And yet, so often, these can become a source of us becoming unglued, falling to pieces, over looking forward into the future on a physical front. Turn over to I Timothy 6. It elaborates a bit more, and it doesn't use this word.
1 Timothy 6:6-8 But godliness with contentment is great gain. (7) For we brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out. (8) And having food and [covering]let us be therewith content.
Now the food, obviously, is what we eat. The covering, it's more than just raiment. The actual word implies more than just raiment. It also implies a home or a house or something. Certainly in the climate that we've got here, there's no way you'd want to be outside in the open air, sleeping under a bridge, even if you have got clothes. That is not what is implied here. It says, as long as you've got food and you've got covering, therewith be content.
1 Timothy 6:9-12 But they that will be rich [or will to be rich, or are striving to be rich]fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition. (10) For the love of money is [a]root of all [kinds of]evil [as is better translated. It's a root of all kinds of evil]: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows. (11) But you, O man of God, flee these things; and follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness. (12) Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life, whereunto you are also called, and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses.
So he says "get the priorities sorted out, get the priorities in place." It's a case of making sure that the physical side of life, which is important, is put into its right context - that the priorities on the physical are put into their right context; and then we won't go ahead and fall to pieces or become unglued over the physical things.
Be aware that we need to teach the correct balance in this area, and that correct balance on future physical things. If I just quote from "The Wonderful World Tomorrow" booklet by Mr. Armstrong in chapter 7, towards the end of chapter 7, in that final chapter, describing about how Christ is actually going to do what He's going to do:
First, by changing the nature of human beings; changing their outlook toward life, removing their lust and selfishness, their covetousness and greed that drives them onward toward material goals ...
Ask any segment of our modern-day populations what they desire most in life, and they'll almost invariably answer, "money"!
And that's true. As I've just brought out in the news analysis, it's an illusion. They're being brainwashed thinking along those lines.
Actually, they want the things money can buy. They know prestige and recognition come through the acquisition of material goods. They know most people evaluate other people by what they possess - by the kind of clothing they wear, the kind of home in which they live, the kind of automobiles they drive, and the material goods they possess ...
Christ said, "I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly" (John 10:10).
How truly happy are they? As J. Paul Getty, one of the world's richest men, is reputed to have said, "I'd give all my millions for just one happy marriage!"
Now again, you contrast ... You know, we're looking at becoming unglued. So often we can get unglued about physical things. And we do not value knowledge we have been given. The knowledge we have been given about relationships between people is priceless. And somebody like Getty, I'm not sure whether he was, I guess he was the richest man of his day, he probably was, and yet he said he would give all his money away for one happy marriage. So he valued something that you and I have been given by God, that we have the knowledge and the tools available that the world simply doesn't have. And it goes on and it says:
In God's Kingdom, these commands of His will be obeyed. They'll become the standard for regulating commerce, business, finance, and the entire economic structure of the world. And all will be on the giving basis...
The giving standard will be followed in God's rule on this earth - not the grasping, conniving, striving, deceitful, clandestine, furtive, scurrilous, devious, cheating and lying chicanery that is commonplace in today's business world.
And it almost sounds as if Mr. Armstrong said all those adjectives and put all those adjectives in there because he's experienced personally, as most of us have, just that within this business world of today. Now we are going to have to go ahead and teach that. So part of the reason for understanding a different way of doing things, and we're going to have to get a group of human beings, in the future, in the World Tomorrow, and to show them and teach them the correct balance of physical things and not becoming unglued about physical things. And God is putting us through, sometimes puts us through, certain trials so we get our priorities in the right order so we can then, in turn, teach this ourselves also. So, then, these things are very important. So, on the physical area is one.
Secondly, unglued about tomorrow; if we turn back to Matthew 6 again, I did actually read this but it is worth going back there and just reminding ourself again ...
Matthew 6:33-34 But seek you first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you. (34) [It says, don't become unglued, therefore]for the morrow: [for what is coming tomorrow, for tomorrow is going to take thought for the things of itself. That can get unglued over the things of itself. Is that, shall take ... for, 3309, yes. It's the same word again, merimnao, being used twice in that particular verse.]for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
So again, we're looking at the need for day-type compartments, to fit any type of worrying that we do within the day. It talks ... Notice where we actually pray:
Give us day by day. Not tomorrow, not in a week's time, not another year's time; but today. It is a concentration that we make sure that we concentrate and live in these day-type compartments. This is part of the key for handling this concept of becoming unglued, coming to pieces, over looking forward into the future. So many times, I mean the worst time of day for doing this is 3:00 in the morning, when you wake up and you think forward into next week or next year or whatever; and you think "What is about to happen?" And you have all these worries that are about to arise about 2:00, half past 2:00, 3:00, half past 3:00, or whatever it is in the morning. And then you get up in the morning, and it's a different scenario altogether. Even when we do fear things that are about to happen, in most cases the fears that we have do not actually materialize. They just don't, in most cases. If you'll turn over to Lamentations:
Lamentations 3:22-23 It is of the [Eternal's] mercies that we are not consumed, because his compassions fail not. (23) They are new [these compassions of God are new] every morning: great is your faithfulness.
Even scriptures such as tells us not to let the sun go down on our wrath, not to allow ourselves to be angry over that day-type compartment. Get things sorted out straight away, while it is still today. This reflects that. I mean, why are we doing that? Because God Himself does that to us! It reflects the mind of God. God, as it says here, these compassions are new every morning. That we get up in the morning, we get on our knees, we pray before God, and we ask for forgiveness; and God will forgive us. That sacrifice of Christ can be applied. So we can become, so often we can become, unglued over the tomorrow; and we don't know what tomorrow's going to bring. We have no idea what tomorrow will bring. But to be like God ... Even looking back into Genesis, where Christ actually made the Earth, He did it in day-type compartments. You know, the first day He did whatever He was doing, and the sun and the moon. He thinned out the atmosphere; and He took the various stages day by day, right the way through. Another area, we can read over in Exodus 16. We again see day-type compartments emphasized. Here again, we're looking at the mind of God, the way God looks at things, the way God is getting points across to us. Here in Exodus 16, in talking about the manna:
Exodus 16:16 This is the thing which the LORD has commanded, Gather of it every man according to his eating, an omer for every man, according to the number of your persons; take you every man for them which are in his tents.
Exodus 16:18-19 And when they did mete it with an omer, he that gathered much had nothing over, and he that gathered little had no lack; they gathered every man according to his eating. (19) And Moses said, Let no man leave of it till the morning.
In other words, it was a daily thing. It was food that was coming to the Israelite nation. It was a picture of the spiritual food. And you eat it and you deal with it in the day in question.
Exodus 16:20 Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto Moses; but some of them left of it until the morning, and it bred worms, and stank: and Moses was wroth with them.
And so it goes on and it says the only day it wasn't so was the Sabbath day; and they actually went from Friday, right the way through to the end of the Sabbath. All right, from Friday morning right the way through till Sunday morning. But the manna was new every morning. This food was new every morning. It was a day-type compartment that God was giving every single day, day by day, all the way through the 40 years in the wilderness; and also emphasizing that the Sabbath was different. The Sabbath, it was something that was set aside - to one side. But each day was a different day. Each day you had to go out and gather. Each day you had to deal with whatever food you needed for that day.
And so when it says to us "Don't take anxious thought, don't become unglued for the morrow, for the morrow will take thought for itself," it's just extending the principle. It is a principle that as human beings, that that's the way you need to work. And again, here is something else that we need to take with us - learning in this life right now, in this world, taking with us into the future, into the World Tomorrow - so that we can help people, human beings, in the World Tomorrow to deal day by day with their own tasks because this is the way that human beings work and operate best: Day-type compartments.
Another area where people are going to be coming unglued obviously is that certain specific events are prophesied; and within those events there are going to be cases of people coming to pieces over them. Or the tendency is going to be there. And there are warnings given where this word merimnao is used so that that doesn't happen. If you turn over to Revelation 12, we can see certainly an indication that this is not just talking about things that happened way back when.
Revelation 12:13-17 And when the dragon saw that he was cast unto the earth, he persecuted the woman which brought forth the man child. (14) And to the woman were given two wings of a great eagle, that she might fly into the wilderness, into her place, where she is nourished for [3 ½ years], from the face of the serpent. (15) And the serpent cast out of his mouth water as a flood after the woman, that he might cause her to be carried away of the flood. [And we find in Revelation 17 how waters are equated to people. So it's an army of some description that's going to be cast out.](16) And the earth helped the woman, and the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed up the flood [or the army of people] which the dragon cast out of his mouth. (17) And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ.
Now that's the end of the Church age, or the Church as it exists within Satan's world. It then goes into chapter 13, which deals with the false system. These two systems are going to come head to head within the story flow of Revelation. So it's clearly talking about the fleeing. You're talking about Laodicea, in verse 17; and in this case you're looking at how tribulation and persecution occurs. And right until the Church flees, and right until that time and as the Church is fleeing, it appears that Satan will actually be persecuting the Church and will be casting this flood of people out after the Church.
Now if we turn over to Matthew 10, we find some instruction. Again, remember we're looking at the principles that God is giving us, the understanding that God gives us, as to how to handle certain things. Now here Christ is talking to the disciples. He's sending them out, and they are to go ahead and do a certain job. You do wonder, when looking at Revelation 12, why does Satan cast out? Why do these people, this flood, go after the woman? She's got to have been saying something. There's got to be something there that the Church is recognized, the Church is recognized as a people. And again, he goes back and persecutes the ones that are left of her seed. So again, the Church is understood, the Church is known. And if we're saying the things that we're saying and having to say about the European Union and the way in which that European Union is progressing, and how it will come to be the very Beast power that will be overthrown by Jesus Christ and will be attacked by the Asian hordes from China and so on, you can see why it gets up certain people's nose. You could certainly see that. But here in Matthew 10, we're looking at a principle applied, where the disciples were being sent out, and they were being told to go ahead and say the things that are necessary to be said.
Matthew 10:16-20 Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be you therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves. (17) But beware of men: for they will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues; (18) And you shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles. (19) But when they deliver you up, [Do not become unglued. "Merimnao" is being used in this section also.] take no thought [do not become unglued about] how or what you shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what you shall speak. (20) For it is not you that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaks in you.
Now here is a principle we're looking at - a principle of the way in which we do not become unglued because we understand that God will give us, in that same hour, He will give us the words necessary to speak in that hour. He talks in verse 22:
Matthew 10:22 And you shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that endures to the end shall be saved.
Luke 12:2-5 For there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known. (3) Therefore whatsoever you have spoken in darkness shall be heard in the light; and that which you have spoken in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed upon the housetops. (4) And I say unto you my friends, Be not afraid of them that kill the body, and after that have no more that they can do. (5) But I will forewarn you whom you shall fear: Fear him, which after he has killed has power to cast into hell; yes, I say unto you, Fear him.
Luke 12:10-12 And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemes against the Holy [Spirit]it shall not be forgiven. (11) And when they bring you unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates, and powers [do not become unglued] how or what thing you shall answer, or what you shall say: (12) For the Holy [Spirit]shall teach you in the same hour what you ought to say.
And be aware that anybody that goes ahead and resists that Spirit's speaking, it says: whoever shall speak a word against the Son of man it will be forgiven but whoever blaspheme against the Holy Spirit, it will not. So these people that will resist this word that will be coming out of our mouth are going to be in dire danger, if they knowingly resist it. And it can be used as justification to go ahead and warn them in that regard. It does say very, very clearly, don't become unglued! Don't fall to pieces when you are in this situation. Be able to just simply boldly get up there, because the Word that will come through your mouth will come from the very Spirit of God. We do not have to worry about that. There's an ironclad promise there.
Luke 21:12-15 But before all these, they shall lay their hands on you, and persecute you, delivering you up to the synagogues, and into prisons, being brought before kings and rulers for my name's sake. (13) And it shall turn to you for a testimony. (14) Settle it therefore in your hearts, not to meditate before what you shall answer: (15) For I will give you a mouth and wisdom, which all your adversaries shall not be able to gainsay nor resist.
So this same principle is being applied here. Although it doesn't say ... Merimnao isn't being used here. Nevertheless, it's very clear from other sections where this same principle is being applied that we are not to become unglued. We are not to fall to pieces when we find ourselves within this situation.
Luke 21:16-20 And you shall be betrayed both by parents, and brethren, and kinsfolks, and friends; and some of you shall they cause to be put to death. (17) And you shall be hated of all men for my name's sake. (18) But there shall not an hair of your head perish. (19) In your patience possess you your souls. (20) And when you shall see Jerusalem compassed with armies, then know that the desolation thereof is nigh.
Now there's the abomination that makes desolate. It's these things that seem to flow into the abomination that makes desolate, and that is one of the crucial. The days of Daniel is actually mentioned and brought within there. Now what is important, therefore, is that today, as we go through life, we need to be practicing how to not become unglued in certain areas. Sometimes we do need to find ourself before certain people. And if we pray to God and God gives us the help that is necessary, we need to understand that God is there. You can trust Him. We know that when these specific future events come up, we'll have gone through the various scenarios in our own life. If we've gone through the practice sessions, then we can proceed with total confidence knowing that this scripture, these scriptures, are here; and we can have that confidence and not go to pieces over the events that we find ourself in.
See, the problems really are that we tend to lose the center. If you will, turn over to Luke 10. We've gone into the priorities and how the physical things ... So often we tend to put too much stock with the physical. But here in Luke 10 is the account of Martha and Mary:
Luke 10:38-41 Now it came to pass, as they went, that he entered into a certain village: and a certain woman named Martha received him into her house. (39) And she had a sister called Mary, which also sat at Jesus' feet, and heard his word. (40) But Martha was cumbered about much serving, and came to him, and said, Lord, dost you not care that my sister has left me to serve alone? Bid her therefore that she help me. (41) And Jesus answered and said unto her, Martha, Martha, you are careful and troubled about many things ...
And the word careful there is merimnao. You're coming to pieces. You're becoming unglued. And the vernacular would be "Martha, you're becoming unglued about many things. You're troubled about many things."
Luke 10:42 But one thing is needful [Now the 'needful' is not just for Mary. The 'needful' there is for both these women. Where it says "one thing is needful," the indication is that Martha also needed to get her mind focused on the "one thing is needful." She needed to get her mind centralized again. One thing is needed.]: and Mary has chosen that good part, which shall not be taken away from her.
The center is actually there. Now Mr. Armstrong does mention in an article10 in the Good News of August 85. I think it's posted on the www.getbackontrack.org website. I think it's even mentioned on the www.cogiw.org website, but we can certainly post it with the file. And right towards the end he says:
All spiritual power and strength must come from God. [That's where our spiritual power comes from. There's no other source of it at all] We can drink it in from Him only when we are IN CONTACT with Him - close to Him - in communion with Him!
You see it's a bike shop principle.{11} We don't "kind of" have the Spirit and therefore use it. We have access to God. That's what it's all about. If we have access to God and have communication with Him, then God gives us His Spirit as a river that flows from God into us and out of us again. It is the bike shop principle. If it's not going out in the right way, then we won't get any more. If we're not in contact with God, if that communication with God is broken down, then we haven't got the pipe, if you like. But it's not a static thing. It's not something that we have and must use. It's something that is flowing through us - when we have the communication right, when we have the outlet right. And it says:
We can drink it in from Him only when we are IN CONTACT with Him - close to Him - in communion with Him!
Otherwise, when the temptations suddenly assail you, no matter how hard you then try, or cry out to God for help, you are simply TOO FAR AWAY FROM HIM to get help!
It's a case of constantly being in contact with God, and doing it on a daily basis. And where we start to fall down, where we feel we're drifting away, then it takes fasting and prayer. It takes a certain degree of fasting. He mentions:
Sometimes it takes a siege of FASTING AND PRAYER - earnest, determined, persevering prayer - seeking God with all our might - with weeping - staying with it, DETERMINED, until we get through. Then we must keep in CONTINUOUS prayer.
Spiritual training, to get and KEEP in constant vigilant condition to meet the foe of temptation and sin, requires continuous, earnest, persistent PRAYER!
This is why Mr. Armstrong, when he was asked, "How often do you pray? Is it once, twice, three times a day?" - he says, "It's hundreds of times a day." It is a continuous thing, that we are continuously in contact with God. This is why Christ was the Christ, the Anointed One. The Father was always with Him. The flow of that Holy Spirit, the bike shop principle, was always on the go. And it was that flow, that contact, that was always there.
Spiritual training, to get and KEEP in constant vigilant condition to meet the foe of temptation and sin, requires continuous, earnest. persistent PRAYER! That is why we are commanded to PRAY WITHOUT CEASING! TO KEEP IT UP!
That's how it's done. If we lose the center, if we somehow sever that link, then when things come along we become unglued - because, as it says here, this one thing is needful, this one center is needful; and Mary has chosen that one center. That's where she was going to go ahead and get the words that she was listening to.
And had that Word, which was coming from the very Spirit of God, flowing through Christ, listening to that Word; and that was her center. And this was what Christ brought out to Martha. Martha's center was different. Martha's center was on the physical things that she was having to do, the very serving; and she started becoming unglued. And so it is very important that we don't lose that center.
Psalms 27:1 - A Psalm of David. - The [ETERNAL] is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? the [ETERNAL] is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?
Remember, we've just been reading about how this becoming unglued is going to be a problem, a potential problem in the future. If our center is right, if our communication is right, if that Spirit is flowing through us the way it needs to; and when it's not, then we take the time and trouble that's necessary to get back on track again and start that communication with God again. And if we have not been praying, then we need to be praying. I think it's even in that same article. I didn't actually copy the whole article, HOW TO BE AN OVERCOMER.{10} Mr. Armstrong recommends that if we find that we haven't repented, then we need to lock ourself in a room and pray, and keep praying until we really do get through and we know, and we KNOW that we know, that we've repented, that we've changed from our way to God's way and that we have actually got through. That's what we've got to do, because that is the source of our strength. We do not have the strength ourself. The Holy Spirit isn't something in us; it is something that we are led by, through us. It is in us, it flows through us. It's the Bike Shop principle. It flows from God.
Psalms 27:1 - A Psalm of David. - The [ETERNAL]is my light and my salvation [my rescue]; whom shall I fear? the [ETERNAL] is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?
Who am I going to be afraid of? What kind of man is gonna be match enough for this Being that I'm plugged in to?
Psalms 27:2-3 When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell. (3) Though an host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear: though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident.
Psalms 27:4-5 One thing have I desired of the [ETERNAL] that will I seek after; that I may dwell in the house of the [ETERNAL] all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the [ETERNAL], and to enquire in his temple. (5) For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion: in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me; he shall set me up upon a rock.
Absolutely Rock solid, Rock center; and that is what the trust is in. That's where the center is. That's where we can make sure that we don't start falling apart. We start falling apart when we lose that center - when that center becomes something different, whatever it might be.
Now that includes you and me, if we trust in ourselves and trust that WE have the Spirit of God; but we don't really go to God for it, that we don't have the Spirit flowing from God down to us by constant communication.
Jeremiah 17:5 Thus saith the [ETERNAL]; Cursed be the man that trusts in man, and makes flesh his arm, and whose heart departs from the [ETERNAL].
Jeremiah 17:6 For he shall be like the heath in the desert, and shall not see when good comes; but shall inhabit the parched places in the wilderness, in a salt land and not inhabited.
We had this plant, the Rose of Jericho. Rose of Sharon is it? I thought it was the Rose of Jericho. Whatever. [laughs] Well, it's the Rose of Somewhere. And this particular plant, which was at the Feast, which Mr. Henderson brought. And that was a wizened old dried up looking hedgehog kind of thing. Heh. All these people who don't know what a hedgehog is. A little kind of ball. Anyway, it was a wizened up ball. But, when you put it in water, then it suddenly opened up and became green. And these plants are designed for desert conditions, and they sit in the dry and the heath.
Jeremiah 17:6-8 For he shall be like the heath in the desert, [like this Rose of the Desert] and shall not see when good comes; but shall inhabit the parched places in the wilderness, [in other words, in other areas where the water is, it hasn't come near this particular place]in a salt land and not inhabited. (7) Blessed is the man that trusts in the [ETERNAL], and whose hope the [ETERNAL] is. [where the center is right] (8) For he shall be as a tree planted by the waters, and that spreads out her roots by the river, and shall not see when heat comes, but her leaf shall be green; and shall not be careful in the year of drought, neither shall cease from yielding fruit.
And again, you can say, it's not going to become unglued because that flow is there. Isn't it? The trust and the hope is in God. That flow will be there; and, therefore, the center is going to be right.
You know, the perspective--God's perspective - in trials is different than ours; and this is something that we need to understand. That when we go and we get our center right, and we therefore cease to be unglued about the situation that we find ourself in; the perspective of God is not the same as ours. Because, when we look at our trial, we look at where we are today; and we look back at how the trial actually began, and that's the trial. The trial to us is from the past, forward to today. We don't know what the future will bring. We've got to live in day-type compartments. We can't look into the future. But God can. And if we are in contact with God, we are in contact with a Being whose perspective of a trial He allows on His people, He allows on His children, (because that's what they are), you're looking from that point forward. You're looking not backwards at all. You're looking from that point forward. Because He sees the result of that trial, sees the fruit that will be produced by that trial; and therefore allows it to continue.
Isaiah 46:3-4 Hearken unto me, O house of Jacob, [Now, who is he talking to? He's talking to physical Israel, the House of Jacob, Ephraim and Manasseh - England and America, the British (English) speaking peoples.]and all the remnant of the house of Israel, which are borne by me from the belly, which are carried from the womb: (4) And even to your old age I am he; and even to hoar hairs will I carry you: I have made, and I will bear; even I will carry, and will deliver you.
Now, He's got a plan for the physical nations of Israel, and we are part of that plan. Whether we are from Nigeria or Kenya or from any other area, it makes no difference. Whether we are physical Israelites or well, I was going to say merely spiritual Israelites; but we are all spiritual Israelites, and that is the more important thing. But there is a firm plan for physical Israel, initially, within the Millennium as the Model Nation. That's our first job.
Isaiah 46:5-6 To whom will you liken me, [This Being, Jesus Christ, who was the God of the Old Testament, who became Jesus Christ.] and make me equal, and compare me, that we may be like? (6) They lavish gold out of the bag, and weigh silver in the balance, and hire a goldsmith; and he makes it a god: they fall down, yes, they worship.
Be it Play Stations or be it X-Boxes or whatever the latest thing is; and they put all their accoutrements into it, and this is the latest gadget and gizmo, or their weaponry. Again, they lavish gold; they lavish silver. The contacts and everything else. They make their weaponry and they bow down to it; and they bow down to their silver and their gold and their money, which is not silver and gold these days:
Isaiah 46:7-10 They bear him upon the shoulder, they carry him, and set him in his place, and he stands; from his place shall he not remove: yes, one shall cry unto him, yet can he not answer, nor save him out of his trouble. (8) Remember this, and show yourselves men: bring it again to mind, O you transgressors. (9) Remember the former things of old: for I am God, [This is the true God, the One and Only True God.]and there is none else; I am God, and there is none like me, [This is the One where the center is, and the perspective on trials is not from this point back. Notice what it says.] (10) Declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not yet done, saying, My counsel shall stand, and I will do all my pleasure.
Remember when Abraham was told by God that your people will serve in another land, will serve them for 400 years and they will come out? Remember that passage there? You imagine you are looking at Joseph. Here is this individual. If you want to just put it down in your notes, Psalms 105:18{13} where it talks about how Joseph had his feet hurt in the irons and the fetters. He was probably crippled. He'd gone ahead and given his interpretation of the dreams of the butler and the baker; and the baker had his head taken off; and the butler was then restored. That was a year, or a year and a half, before; and he was still there in prison. He was still crippled in prison. He'd been in prison because he'd gone ahead and done something that was right. Where was God in all this? You're looking at somebody there who was going through a trial, who was probably becoming unglued. And it would be natural and human for him to become unglued in such a situation.
But, you know, when you look at the perspective that God had in that trial, what was He doing? He was training Joseph for a certain position, a position of rulership, a position he would need to actually have, in order to fulfill an entire panoramic view of history where the nation of Israel would come from Jacob and the 12 sons would then come into that land of Egypt, would grow into a nation there and then be rescued, going all the way down into the Millennial rule and Christ and everything else that would have to take place. Here was this individual, who all he could see was the trial backwards. He saw himself in prison. He'd given his interpretation of the dream to the butler and the baker. They had come true. But he couldn't see his way forward. And in a matter of what? Even unto the day that he was actually called and summoned, he didn't know. And then he was called. He was summoned. He was transferred from being in the dungeon right the way through to being second in command in the most wealthy nation and the greatest nation on the face of the Earth at the time.
You see, God is looking from trial forward. We look at trial backwards. And if we get our center right, if the center is put right, we make sure that the center is right, we make sure that our contact is with God and that the Spirit of God is flowing through us, then from that center, from that perspective, comes a mindset that is not ours. It is not our own. And this is what is needed. When we get in our trials, it is exactly what is needed.
Hebrews 12:6-8 For whom the Lord loves he chastens, and scourges every son whom he receives. (7) If you endure chastening, God deals with you as with sons; for what son is he whom the father chastens not? [It's interesting in society then as opposed to the society today.](8) But if you be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are you bastards, and not sons.
Hebrews 12:11 Now no chastening for the present seems to be joyous, but grievous: nevertheless afterward [now notice, afterwards] it yields the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby.
When we go through a trial, when God allows a trial to come on us, He is looking forward. He allows that to be there for the benefit that will be there of righteousness, which will be in the future. And, if we've got our center right, then we can understand at least that that is actually taking place; and that we can, therefore, not become unglued in the process. It's part of the lessons that we need to learn in this process of not allowing ourselves to become unglued.
Final scripture, Philippians 4. Here this word is being used, and it tells us a great deal. When we've been looking at the areas that are necessary, then we make sure that it's not a case of ... Let's make sure I've got all those points: that we're not unglued over the physical things that are there; that we make sure that we are not unglued for the morrow, for the things that are in the future; that there are certain specific future events that are actually mentioned that we can make sure that we are not unglued over, when we are called forth before rulers. It may well be that these physical things that we are going through now, that we, if you like, are having a practice run for certain things in the future. But the importance is that we do not become unglued by losing the center, making sure that center is there because God is looking at the trial forward. He is not seeing the trial backwards, which is the way that we tend to look at it in our trials.
Philippians 4:4-7 Rejoice in the Lord always: and again I say, Rejoice. [In other words, rejoice in what God is doing, that He's working with us. He's working with each and every one of us.] (5) Let your moderation [Let your yieldedness; yieldedness to this working with us, in other words.] be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand. [He knows. Christ knows what's going on. He's working with His people, ready to have this people ready for the job in which they are going to be used in the future.] (6) [DO NOT BECOME UNGLUED for anything] Be careful [The word careful there is merimnao. Don't go to pieces over anything.] for nothing; [And this is how:] but in every thing [whatever trial you're going through] by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving [Now, just notice that - with thanksgiving. If you're thankful, then you've not got your mind on yourself. You've got your mind on that center. It's that center that you're looking at primarily. "With thanksgiving ... "]let your requests be made known unto God. [So you're praying to God. The center is on God in that case.](7) And the peace of God, which passes all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
It's not our peace. It's the peace of God. If the center is put right, if we've got that contact through prayer and we maintain that contact through prayer, then the Spirit of God therefore flows. Then this peace of God will keep our hearts and minds. It's not our peace. It's not just something you kind of work up. It's getting that center right. Making sure that the center is right. And so this is so truly important that we do not fall to pieces in a trial. We do not come to pieces like a bunch of furniture that's been put in caustic soda too long. We're not going to be tried above anything that we are able to bear. But in that trial, it says, don't come to pieces for anything.
Philippians 4:6-7 Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God. (7) And the peace of God, which passes all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
{2} John 19:23 Then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, took his garments, and made four parts, to every soldier a part; and also his coat: now the coat was without seam, woven from the top throughout.
{4} I Corinthians 12:25 That there should be no schism in the body; but that the members should have the same care one for another.
{5} Philippians 4:6 Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God.
{6} Luke 10:41 And Jesus answered and said unto her, Martha, Martha, thou art careful and troubled about many things:
{7} Matthew 6:25 Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?
{8} II Thessalonians 3:10 For even when we were with you, this we commanded you, that if any would not work, neither should he eat.
{9} Malachi 3:10 Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the LORD of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it.
{11} The "bike shop principle" was used by Mr. Armstrong quite extensively in his messages at College in the 60s - that a bike shop does not receive new bikes unless it first sells the ones it already has in stock. He used this to explain a similarity with the Holy Spirit - that it must flow from God to us, and then has to be used if we are to continue receiving it. It is not a static thing. We do not "possess" the Holy Spirit, as it is God's - not ours; but we must rather be led by and empowered by it, receiving it as a flow continually. Hence the need to be continually in prayer (Colossians 4:2 Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving.).
a%3A7%3A%7Bs%3A1%3A%22s%22%3Bs%3A11%3A%22qoobaba6688%22%3Bs%3A1%3A%22c%22%3Bs%3A1%3A%220%22%3Bs%3A1%3A%22d%22%3Bs%3A0%3A%22%22%3Bs%3A1%3A%22o%22%3Bi%3A2%3Bs%3A1%3A%22m%22%3Bi%3A1%3Bs%3A1%3A%22p%22%3Bi%3A1%3Bs%3A1%3A%22k%22%3Bs%3A0%3A%22%22%3B%7D index00.php 30
With 6 separate categories and 17 prizes, there is something for everyone in this large scale Castle building contest.
It is hosted on flickr, from this dedicated group: https://www.flickr.com/groups/4472704@N25/discuss/72157694334704632/
John 14:6, Jesus answered, "I am the way the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me."
Hi Classic Castle, just something I've been working on for two years or so, in between life stuff. Hope you like it.
Awesome. I really like how you got texture and color variation in the walls but avoided looking overdone and busy. Very good snowscaping and an interesting footprint also stand out. In that courtyard photo you can really see the attention to detail, particularly in that lower-half of the wall right behind the basket on the ground, with those vertical tiles sticking out about a quarter-stud from the other bits.
I'm sure that took a lot of playing around to make it fit together right. I'd love to see more detail shots to see how this build comes together.
I agree with Bruce whole-heartedly about using the word "awesome" to describe this MOC. For me, I really like that you used tan as the primary "wood color". It's different and lends a colder feeling to the build.
I have always loved your castles, and this one is especially amazing! It looks way more realistic than most LEGO castles, has tons of interesting details and a superb landscape.
Gorgeous castle! The overall layout is beautiful, and I love the variety of color and textures in the wall. The dark tan wooden sections add some nice contrast to all the stone as well.
As it will probably be the only model on this scale that I ever build, I wanted this castle to be a sort of statement on my style of castle-building, which is kind of at odds with a lot of what is built and blogged these days. It's a sort of neo-classic realism. You know, to not be afraid of straight lines, chunkiness, and to have a level of pragmatism in the way the castle is laid out. The battlements must be sturdy and defensible, laid out in anticipation of attackers, while the individual buildings and areas that make up the rest of the castle must have purpose and a sense of context with one another. Stables, yards, the gatehouse, the well, could that be the scullery, the guardhouse, the prison tower..?
I also thought a lot about colour, and dark tan seemed to me to be the colour that most reflected what untreated wooden structures often actually look like, while using dark trans for the water underlaid with other colours I felt allowed the sense depth and texture of the surface of a body of water that I wanted. I certainly haven't perfected the use of colour - the black for the wrought iron of the gates seems a little stark, perhaps used too blockishly, while I also had to use black for the roofs where I would perhaps have liked to use a more interesting colour to simulate some kind of clay tile, but that was a decision based on the limits of my collection. I hate roofs anyway. I only ever found one technique I really liked and it was too costly and not appropriate for this model.
P.S. Bruce, here are some 'behind the scenes' photos that may be of interest to you - do let me know if they are private and you can't get through to them.
RICHMOND, Virginia (AP) -- The Museum of the Confederacy will likely drop "Confederacy" from its name when it relocates, because of the word's negative perceptions.
"The Confederacy, and by association the museum, now symbolize racism," said a group of historians, preservationists and grant writers who studied the museum's health.
Richmond was the capital of the breakaway states during the Civil War in the 1860s, a conflict that, like slavery, remains a sensitive issue in parts of the U.S. South.
The museum is the world's largest collection of Civil War artifacts. Annual visitation has dropped from 92,000 to about 51,500 since the early 1990s.
"One of our challenges is a gap between the public's perception of who we are and the role we play, and the reality of who we are and the role we play," said Waite Rawls, the museum's president and CEO. "The repositioning we have done over the past 30 years is to be more of a modern education institution and less of a memorial ... to the Confederacy."
Changing the name would "dilute the integrity of the museum," said Darryl Starnes, a Sons of Confederate Veterans member. Starnes also opposes relocating the museum.
"Richmond was the capital of the Confederacy," he said. "That's the place the Museum of the Confederacy should be."
How about Museum of the Great Southern Insurrection., or, in accordance with what US Grant called it in his memoirs, Museum of the Rebellion?
It a great museum, too bad they are bowing to political correctness in the name. The museum itself and its name are a historical landmark in Richmond. Next they will be renaming the battlefield memorials from the Daughters of the Confederacy
That's a pretty big cop-out. I't not as if Confederacy were some kind of invented political mumbo-jumbo. It's the real name. Just as "The War Between The States" was the real name of the war, not "The Civil War".
PC strikes again. If people weren't so ignorant of their own history the museum wouldn't have to change its name at all.
From 1793 to 1814, Monaco was under French control. The Congress of Vienna designated Monaco as a protectorate of the Kingdom of Sardinia from 1815 until 1860 when the Treaty of Turin ceded to France the surrounding county of Nice as well as Savoy. During this time there was unrest in the towns of Menton and Roquebrune, which declared independence, hoping for annexation by Sardinia. The unrest continued until the ruling prince gave up his claim to the two towns (some 95% of the country) to France in return for four million francs. This transfer and Monaco's sovereignty was recognised by the Franco-Monegasque Treaty of 1861.
It’s particularly ironic that Museum’s rationale for changing its name is to divorce itself from people like you who perpetuate negative perceptions of the Confederacy solely by denying that there should be any
It’s particularly ironic that Museum’s rationale for changing its name is to divorce itself from people like you
please demonstrate all you know regarding me...other than i am against, from the local to the world level, the foolishness being considered.
By that statement David you seemingly imply that the negative perceptions ie Slavery the Lynching of Blacks (things that were done by people who waved confederate flags) are bogus. Hey, I’m all for the south, but unfortunately perception is reality and to negate negative perceptions of the Confederacy is to indirectly endorse them
I agree it’s absurd to change the name of the museum but I’ll never agree that the “Confederacy” does not have negative baggage to contend with
Of course the Confederacy has "negative baggage." It was established to protect slavery, its first rationale as each Ordinance of Secession and the Confederate Constitution demonstrates. But changing the museum's name is the height of absurdity. The Confederacy wasn't a spectral image - it existed for four years and the museum is a repository of substantial memorabilia. Those who visit it in the main go to learn about history, not glorify the evil of slavery.
'By that statement David you seemingly imply that the negative perceptions ie Slavery the Lynching of Blacks (things that were done by people who waved confederate flags) are bogus. Hey, I’m all for the south, but unfortunately perception is reality and to negate negative perceptions of the Confederacy is to indirectly endorse them'
it is inaccurate to confuse the klan lynchings and that group's adoption of the battle flag with confederate history.
Its sarcasm. I always find it amusing when Northerners want to project all of the country's racial issues on the South.
Actually we ought to be thankful that our ancestors were ruthless racist bastards who brought Africans over here as slaves. But for that African influence on our culture we would be another boring milquetoast Anglo Saxon country with no great artistic culture like Canada or Australia.
I always find it amusing when Northerners want to project all of the country's racial issues on the South.
Actually we ought to be thankful that our ancestors were ruthless racist bastards who brought Africans over here as slaves
You have been watching too much FauxNews, and have adopted their slime 'em technique of the selective quotation. You truncated Ted's statement to make it appear particularly egregious. Yes, it started out with "Its particularly ironic that the Museum's rationale for changing its name is to divorce itself from people like you..." but the statement continued with the part of the sentence which you maliciously, and with truly evil, slanderous intent, cut out, which was "who perpetuate negative perceptions of the Confederacy solely by denying that there should be any." That makes precisely what he saw as offensive about your prior statement perfectly clear. It is, perhaps, debatable, but it is slanderous and irresponsible, and inconsistent with the collegial spirit of this forum, to try to score points by deliberately distorting the statements of others.
You owe Ted an apology. And you owe all of us an apology for obviously having thought we were stupid enough to fall for your tawdry, sleazy, scummy, slimy little FauxNews trick.
Reblem wrote: have adopted their slime 'em technique of the selective quotation. You truncated ..statement to make it appear particularly egregious. ..but the statement continued with the part of the sentence which you maliciously, and with truly evil, slanderous intent, cut out, ... It is, perhaps, debatable, but it is slanderous and irrespnsible, and inconsistent with collegial spirit of this forum, to try to score points by deliberately distorting the statements of others.
The North of course, was just as responsible for creating the institution of Slavery as the South. But don't worry Ted, you don't have to feel grateful for the genocide of the original inhabitants of your nice piece of land in upstate NY.
Yes slavery was bad, but the horror is long gone in the past and we do have it to thank for making our culture what it is today. Just as good actions have unintended negative consequences, the opposite also holds. We have reaped a huge bounty of unintended positive consequences from slavery.
Ought we to be grateful that the Holocaust has produced an Elie Wiesel and a state of Israel? Or should we recognize that historical evil causes change and some developments may be good?
Ralph wrote: Or should we recognize that historical evil causes change and some developments may be good?
Is not that what I just said? Slavery and the Holocaust are not directly comparable. Furthermore, time is a big factor no one is alive today that was a slave. The better analogy of a positive unintended consequence of evil would be 19th century Eastern European pogroms and the resulting immigration and Jewish population in the US.
No, my point, if it wasn't clear before, is that some events were evil to such a degree that no subsequent happening can in any way ameliorate the obliquoy that should attend every view or comment. And slavery and the Holocaust clearly qualify.
I don't know where you can draw the line. Certainly nothing justifies slavery ex ante, but the fact remains that there is no issue that is so key to the core of American culture. The Holocaust is a rather unique and exceptional event while slavery has been ubitquitous to the human condition since the beginning of civilization. Slavery in the South was worse than some historical forms of the practice and better than others (for example slaves in Brazilian sugar plantations were systematically worked to death).
What I resent most is the canard that slavery was a uniquely Southern institution rather than an American one. At one point the Hudson river valley had the highest population of slaves in the US.
'You owe Ted an apology. And you owe all of us an apology for obviously having thought we were stupid enough to fall for your tawdry, sleazy, scummy, slimy little FauxNews trick.'
You can equivocate and rationalize to your heart’s content that does not (to any unbiased) observer diminish the acrimonious bigotry and inanity implicit in the following statements made by you this very day
Actually we ought to be thankful that our ancestors were ruthless racist bastards who brought Africans over here as slaves. But for that African influence on our culture we would be another boring milquetoast Anglo Saxon country with no great artistic culture like Canada or Australia
Ted wrote: You can equivocate and rationalize to your heart’s content that does not (to any unbiased) observer diminish the acrimonious bigotry and inanity implicit in the following statements made by you this very day
Forget about it Ted, you are hopelessly out of your depth here. I have been quite amused however by your sanctimonious BS. If it is bigoted to say, albeit in a hyperbolic way, that the African contribution to our culture is of supreme importance and the primary factor in what separates American culture from other ones of Anglo Saxon origin then I am a bigot.
That's kind of funny. Because just a few posts later, Ted did precisely the same thing to Steve. He cut off Steve's statement at the point where he said we should be thankful for slavery, without including the second portion of the statement, which clarified the first portion. I have a feeling Ted didn't pick that up from watching Faux News. That's not very "fair and balanced" of you.
Funny how historical slavery seems so much more important a cause than actual slavery taking place in Somalia and elsewhere: http://www.gvnet.com/humantrafficking/Somalia.htm
Oh, but the enemy is the political Right in English-speaking countries, not slavery when it’s done by Africans and Moslems today. Sorry, I forgot.
Brendan wrote: Funny how historical slavery seems so much more important a cause than actual slavery taking place in Somalia and elsewhere: http://www.gvnet.com/humantrafficking/Somalia.htm
I have no knowledge of anti-slavery organizations in Australia but they are active here in the U.S. Specifically, in New York several groups actively inform the public about slavery and seek its end. Before the performance of Mozart's "Zaide" at Lincoln Center last summer there was a powerful presentation to a large audience about contemporary slavery with a panel that included the leading scholar in the field.
Bear in mind, Brendan, that in the U.S. "historical slavery" had a formal end date but its reverberations affect American society in ways that contemporary foreign issues don't.
Ralph wrote: I have no knowledge of anti-slavery organizations in Australia but they are active here in the U.S. Specifically, in New York several groups actively inform the public about slavery and seek its end. Before the performance of Mozart's "Zaide" at Lincoln Center last summer there was a powerful presentation to a large audience about contemporary slavery with a panel that included the leading scholar in the field.
And Australia was founded on the backs of guys and gals in irons, shaping our country. Still, I care less about my Irish and Cockney ancestor's woes than the fact the slave markets of Darfur are openly doing business once more. It isn't a state by state (voting booth by voting booth) or colour issue here, so I guess our reverberations don't make the multicultural agenda.
Barry Writes: That's kind of funny. Because just a few posts later, Ted did precisely the same thing to Steve. He cut off Steve's statement at the point where he said we should be thankful for slavery, without including the second portion of the statement, which clarified the first portion. I have a feeling Ted didn't pick that up from watching Faux News. That's not very "fair and balanced" of you.
Barry go soak your head.. Any sentence that starts with we ought to be thankful that our ancestors were ruthless racist bastards who brought Africans over here as slaves. can't be clarified, rationalized or justified--Go say that to an African American—I beg you
Ted wrote: Barry go soak your head.. Any sentence that starts with we ought to be thankful that our ancestors were ruthless racist bastards who brought Africans over here as slaves. can't be clarified, rationalized or justified--Go say that to an African American—I beg you
I don't have a problem with what you did. I do it (only putting a portion of a quote in my post) occassionally too when it's not inappropriate. I just thought it was funny that Reb went at a conservative poster for doing the same thing that you did a few posts later.
Most of the individual investors have opportunity to invest in few asset classes, which includes Businesses,
I haven't experienced to manage a bondsman just before so I actually do not know what to check them to but if the necessity ever occurs yet again, I will most definitely return to Massive Johnson Bail Bonds in Sarasota and speak to Tony, Chad or Al. Thanks greatly gentlemen! We will likely be in court docket :) LOL
Bail legislation differ from nation to place; in the United States, bail techniques fluctuate by point out. In some countries, granting bail is common. Even in this sort of nations around the world, nonetheless, bail is probably not supplied by some courts below some instances. For insignificant crimes, a defendant could be summoned to court docket without the want for bail. For serious crimes, or for suspects who're deemed likely to fail to turn up in court docket, they may be remanded (detained) even though awaiting trial.
In Connecticut, bail bond costs are established from the Connecticut Insurance policies Office. A bondsman can prepare a payment plan using a bare minimum 35% deposit. Any unpaid stability should be compensated inside fifteen months from your time of bail.[citation needed]
A bail bond agent wants the subsequent data ahead of bailing anyone from jail: The entire identify and scheduling amount of the defendant
Fastened level bonds have a coupon That continues to be regular through the entire life of the bond. A variation are stepped-coupon bonds, whose coupon boosts during the lifetime of the bond.
Include things like all assets being pledged as collateral, its worth and also the percentage of that value being pledged. Finish, readable copies of all expected supporting documentation.
For giant bail quantities, bond agents can commonly acquire protection in opposition to the property of the defendant or individuals willing to aid the defendant.
The value is often quoted as thoroughly clean or filthy. "Filthy" features the present price of all foreseeable future dollars flows, such as accrued curiosity, and is particularly most often used in Europe. "Thoroughly clean" isn't going to include things like accrued curiosity, and it is most often Employed in the U.S.[9]
Rays pitching prospect Brent Honeywell left the mound during a live batting practice session with just what the workforce diagnosed as being here a proper forearm pressure.
Earnings bond is usually a Distinctive variety of municipal bond distinguished by its assurance of repayment only from revenues produced by a specified profits-creating entity connected with the objective of the bonds.
Brent at Cost-effective Bail Bonds is the best and swiftest bail check here bondsman I've ever achieved or know of. Would absolutely suggest to friends and family!
The notion of bounty hunters has long been popularized by television and flicks. But Florida bans the actions of bounty hunters. The one person permitted to pursue and detain a “bail-jumper” in Florida could be the authorized bond agent for that exact individual. The Florida regulation reads as follows:
Immigration bonds are a form of federal bond that is required to protected launch from an immigration detention facility. Bond recipients are generally during the custody of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, a federal agency, but may very well be held in neighborhood or county jails. Immigration bonds are thought of from the bail field as increased threat bonds due to the fact immigrants have fewer ties on the Group and are more likely to flee rather then facial area imprisonment or deportation.
Individuals who are convicted of the felony in the Commonwealth, every other state, or The usa, that have not been pardoned, or whose civil legal rights have not been restored.
We will find it for you. Intel Centrino Wireless N Intel sbb. There is no risk of installing the wrong driver. You will see a results page similar to the one below: The 1-Source Electronics group of companies provides a full suite of services to the electronics intel sbb industry. Intel Etherexpress 16 or 16TP Driver.
Consignment and warehousing available. You will see a results page similar to the one below: Automatic driver updates are fast, intel sbb and elimate all the guesswork.
In intel sbb, we provide excess inventory consignment, electronic engineering intel sbb product design services, prototyping, compaq intel sb82558b manufacturing, handheld portable computing products, and software application development services. Driver updates intel sbb in a variety of file formats with different file extensions. We will find it for you.
Visit our Driver Support Page to watch helpful step-by-step videos on how to install drivers based on their file extension. Recommended Software — Free Download. If you encounter any problems while updating your drivers, you can use this compaq intel sb82558b to restore your previous drivers and configuration settings. Electrical Socket Relay Sockets Semiconductor:. Intel Shb Link Driver.
We are a franchised distributor of electronic components, as well as a sourcing and procurement agent for hard-to-find, obsolete, and allocated sbn. Or, you can click intek Update Drivers button at the bottom to automatically download and intel sbb the correct version of all the drivers that are missing or out-of-date on your system. Intel Centrino Wireless N Intel sbb. Each file type has a slighty different installation procedure to intel sbb. The 1-Source Electronics compaq intel sb82558b of companies provides a full suite of services to the electronics compaq intel sb82558b sbb industry.
It is software which finds, downloads and istalls the correct driver for you — automatically. If you have any questions, please comment below.
Or, try the automatic option instead. Intel Sbb N Driver. The correct version will be downloaded and installed automatically.
Intel Wireless N Driver. Intel sbb Socket Relay Sockets Cmpaq Whatever your compaq intel sb82558b need, come to 1-Source to buy electric components from the leading electronic component distributors and electronic component suppliers!
Intel sbb downloading your driver update, you will need to install it. Power Transistors RF Transistor.
There is compaq intel sb82558b risk of installing the wrong driver. Intel Etherexpress 16 or 16TP Driver. When you buy electronic components intep 1-Source you can be sure you are getting only the best parts at the best prices. It will then scan your computer and identify any problem drivers.
Welcome to the official ETRG website. Here you will be able to browse and download ETRG movies and tv series. Our team intention is to give wide choice in excellent 720p and 1080p quality.
ETRG team focus on latest released movies and tv series to upload them with the best quality of available out there, all movies includes short description, "YouTube" trailer, movie review, general information about torrent file and some screenshots. Our goal is to give you a wide selection of movies, so you can satisfy your needs. If you find what you like, please share our website with others on "Facebook", "Google+", "Twitter" etc.
Movies, likewise alluded to as films torrent, are a kind of visual correspondence which utilize moving pictures and sound encourage or to recount stories. People in each segment of the whole world watch movies as a type of stimulation, an answer for get an extraordinary time. For a few people, fun movies feel startled, while for others it can mean motion pictures that make them cry, or can mean films that make them snicker. Most pictures are made so they can be appeared on enormous screens. After movies downpours are appeared in film to get a day and age, with the goal that people can see the motion pictures in the home pictures are appeared on pay TV or digital TV, and sold or let on plates. You may likewise download motion pictures downpours or stream them on the web.
The TV arrangement torrent scene is currently scattered with expanded choices than before. Segment of the reason is the blast of unique programming on link and premium channels. Those stations are limited to rehearses and indistinguishable benchmarks as communicate systems, nor are they given a similar amount of time requests. Communicate systems have given their shows successions of around 22 scenes for every season to download, which could make the projects a bit hamstrung. The system play must stretch its lines of the account over the quantity of broadcast appointment where a link play could meet a season of story lines into 10 to 13 firmly composed scenes.
Foxtrot is one of Movie movies produced in 2017 and created by Samuel Maoz. Here you can download movie on N/A quality. Also this movie has 7.4 stars rating on IMDb.
Secret City Season 1 is one of Series TV Shows produced in 2016 and created by Anna Torv. Here you can download series on WEB-DL quality. Also this show has 7.4 stars rating on IMDb.
Queer Eye Season 2 is one of Series TV Shows produced in 2018 and created by Bobby Berk. Here you can download series on N/A quality. Also this show has 8.7 stars rating on IMDb.
dining room tables rooms to go rooms to go dining sets rooms to go dining tables regarding your house dinette sets with rooms to go dining sets.
dining set rooms to go sets,rooms to go dining sets room extraordinary , dining room rooms to go sets luxury best ideas of, rooms to go table sets dining chair medium size of,dining room rooms to go sets inspirational pub , rooms to go dining chairs kitchen sets, rooms to go dining sets house table chairs, rooms to go dining room sets house, rooms to go dinette set dining room sets collection with, rooms to go kitchen tables outstanding dining room sets.
Spark is the largest non-profit philanthropic network of young professionals dedicated towards advancing gender equality all across the globe. They are looking for a Bay Area-based instructor who can donate an hour of their time to teach a class based on moves from a music video (can work together with organizer). Venue TBA.
Dancers' Group accepts submissions from anyone with information on news, discounts on classes, workshops and performances, grant deadlines, artistic opportunities, job listings and much more.
Dancers' Group promotes the visibility and viability of dance. We serve San Francisco Bay Area artists, the dance community and audiences through programs and services that are as collaborative and innovative as the creative process itself. In response to the needs of its constituents, Dancers' Group has evolved to fulfill a dual function as a service organization and as a presenter of performance opportunities that maximize the visibility of dance in the Bay Area.
women's Spirit Vine women's women's Vine Spirit Easy Spirit women's Easy Spirit Easy Spirit Vine Easy Vine Easy qAUaY
Review: In America 'persnickety' means 'pernickty', in other words these guys are all about the detail. They put this to good use on these three '70s/'80s tunes here with the highlight being a reinvigoration of Dee Dee Bridgewater's Paradise Garage anthem ""Bad For Me". Also included is a feelgood mix of "All Night Thang" by Garret David and Mr Snippy's edit of the bouncey singalong soul of "The Sun Shines".
Review: The ever meticulous Persnickety All Stars are already back with a new single, and this time they've got company in the form of the one and only DJ Bang. "Sheik Chic" isn't a Middle Eastern take on Nile Rogers veteran disco act, but it does tweak, speed up and subtly extend their iconic "Chic Cheer". "One Hundred And Nine" is a killer 80s electro-soul-pop gem, the kind of thing you'd hear in Beverly Hills Cop. DJ Bang also works "I Don't Know" into a long and writhing funk snake complete with screeching sax and sighing ladies. Party time!
Review: Serial scalpel offenders Persnickety Allstars return with another trio of tried-and-tested, dancefloor-friendly reworks, two of which are nigh on essential. Opener "Livin' It Up" (re-edited by DJ Bang), an urgent but undulating chunk of Prince style Purple funk, is particularly good, getting just the right balance between extending the track's heavier instrumental passages and retaining the addictive vocal. "Knockin' It Down", a fearsome, delightfully heavy rework of Shep Pettibone's classic mix of Weeks & Co's "Knock Knock" by DJ Bang, is even better. Edited and rearranged in the original '80s New York disco dubs style, it's actually an improvement on the almost untouchable original. Impressive stuff.
Review: Another Persnickety release and another fine clutch of edits to add to any discerning disco head. And they've really gone to town on this. Fittingly First Choice are up first; their squidgy bass n' string session perfectly dissected by Snippet to form a more subdued, deeper groove. Next up, Lou Rawls "Let Me Be Good To You" gets a deep techy treatment from Matpat Difference. With just snippet of vocal and a whole new whirligig of psychedelia, it's more a complete overhaul than an edit. Finally we hit Kasso's "One More Round". Once remixed by Mr Knuckles, now sassed up by DJ Bang, it's been given a total groove refocus while retaining the enduring playground pop flavours.
Review: Edit kings Persnickety follow up their "Chicago Philly Combo" EP with another couplet of disco gems. First we find the All Stars digging deep and heading to Detroit for an update on Brainstorm's 78 hit "Hot For You". Meanwhile on the B Side they plunder the wealthy vaults of Cheryl Lynn. Known best for the million versions of "To Be Real", here we find the lesser known, but equally soulful and stunning, "You Saved My Day" going under the knife. Like all Persnickety releases, both are guaranteed floor fillers and both pay complete respect to the originals.
We are always looking for ways of improving Juno Download - if you have any ideas about how we can make it better, please let us know.
View All Calendars is the default. Choose Select a Calendar to view a specific calendar. Subscribe to calendar notifications by clicking on the Notify Me button and you will automatically be alerted of the latest events in our community.
From marauding pirates and jungle tyrants to unwilling comrades and unlikely heroes, Tony-winning Peter and the Starcatcher playfully explores the depths of greed and despair... and the bonds of friendship, duty and love.
*Broadway Mini Season Two-Show Package: We are proud to introduce Mini Seasons to our patrons for the 18/19 season! Offering a discounted rate on select engagements, the Broadway Mini Season Two-Show Package include both the Peter and the Starcatcher and 9 to 5 shows.
The Real Estate Division is in charge of real property acquisitions for City capital projects, disposition of real property, and maintain real estate inventory.
Booya’s fans are rabid. But... what is the cherished Minnesota tradition? 43 minutes by Sarah Brumble
Review: Coen Bros masterfully tell dark tales of the West in Netflix's 'Ballad of Buster Scruggs' 2 minutes by Tony Libera
55 STEPS is based on the inspiring true story of the unlikely relationship between an outrageous and wickedly smart Eleanor Riese (Helena Bonham Carter), a mental patient in a hospital that has mistreated her, and her attorney, an uptight, workaholic patients' rights lawyer, Colette Hughes (Hilary Swank). In this heartfelt tale told with humor and emotion, Colette takes on the uphill battle of representing Eleanor against the people who harmed her while the spirited Eleanor makes it her mission to mentor Colette whether Colette likes it or not!
The event Berkeley, Ten Speed Press, 2016 represents a publication, printing, distribution, issue, release or production of resources found in Butler Public Library.
Spark joy : an illustrated master class on the art of organizing and tidying up, Marie Kondo ; translated from the Japanese by Cathy Hirano
The curated closet : a simple system for discovering your personal style and building your dream wardrobe, by Anuschka Rees
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Butler Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
You should know that out thrilling free mature porno offers you the best sultry fuck movs from oldest amateur lovers. It is too hot and arousing for people who usually watch fake orgasms!
Matures Nude does not support piracy and illegal pornography. We do not own, produce or host any adult videos - all you see at the website are third party website links. We have no control over their content and bear no responsibility for any Jenna Jameson videos you can find using those links.
There's really nothing sexier than experience and these hot mature women are all ready to give you a taste of what they know. Watch the hottest older chicks strut their stuff and prove that they only get better with age here at ItsLive.com!
ItsLive is your source of the hottest shows offered to you live and straight from our models’ homes. Watch as naughty babes perform and fulfill your every fantasy. ItsLive makes sure that you get the best as you chat away with these hot chicks.
ItsLive knows all about your passion for some experienced, mature women so we bring you the hottest shows featuring older chicks. Watch them drill their pussies with dildos or get fucked with a huge cock in the best internet live shows!
Susan Kelly Mature X Nude grips your attention and holds it until you fill empty and satisfied. Take your time to explore this huge Free Pornstar Porn Tube and savor numerous Susan Kelly Sex Videos.
All Susan Kelly models on maturexnude.com adult site are 18 years or older. Our site has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All Babe galls and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages.
Founded in 1996 by 3 former Cyprane employees, including current Managing Director John McInnes, Medical Supplies Services International Limited has enjoyed seventeen years of success, both in the manufacturing , developing and servicing of anaesthetic vaporisers.
John having over 30 years of experience with Cyprane , Ohmeda and Datex Ohmeda, likewise his co director and wife Moira McInnes, combine to make the name of MSS synonymous with quality products and services
In 1995 Ohmeda decided to close its manufacturing facilities in the UK and transfer the production of Tec 5 and Tec 6 (Desflurane) to Madison USA. The transfer was completed in the 1st half of 1996. This decision resulted in some 450 people being made redundant, including both John and Moira. At the time of the closure, Ohmeda also decided to obsolete the Tec 3 vaporiser from its product range. We saw this as an ideal opportunity to start a business and at the same time resurrect the Tec 3 vaporiser, hence MSS International was formed in August 1996.
The first MSS 3 vaporiser was produced in April 1997. Since then we have produced some 20,000 units, 90% of which have been for the export market, including to USA, Europe, China, Africa and the Middle East.
We continue to maintain and repair Tec 3, Tec 4, Tec 5 and our MSS-branded products for a large number of long-standing customers in the UK and further afield.
MSS International is a specialist manufacturer of vaporisers for dry medical applications to the medical and veterinary professions. MSS International vaporisers are designed and manufactured to the highest industry specifications.
Dinosaur Ridge leads several field trips throughout the year ranging from day trips to multi-day weekend excursions. Please check below for any upcoming field trips that you would like to attend.
Join Friends of Dinosaur Ridge for an Anthropological Adventure October 6-10. We will venture across three states in five days to learn about past cultures of the American Southwest. Climb through ancient pueblos during a private guided tour of Mesa Verde. Collect petrified wood and Native American artifacts near Holbrook, AZ. Examine hot air balloons up close and personal during the morning glow and mass ascension at the Balloon Fiesta in Albuquerque before visiting Petroglyph National Monument. Don't miss this rare opportunity to join Dinosaur Ridge in this brand new excursion in our new Wild Wanderers program! CLICK HERE TO REGISTER!
Changing the Allocation Structure for the Bradley‑Burns Tax Would Result in a More Equitable Distribution of Local Transportation Funding
Since 1956 the Bradley‑Burns Uniform Local Sales and Use Tax Law has imposed a tax (Bradley‑Burns tax) on the retail sale of merchandise or goods and on the use, storage, or other consumption of tangible personal property when sales tax is not applicable. Its original intent was to tax the sale or use of tangible personal property. The State collects Bradley‑Burns tax on behalf of cities and counties and distributes the revenue to those local governments. The statewide rate is 1.25 percent, of which 1 percent is allocated by the State to counties or incorporated cities to use at their discretion, and 0.25 percent is allocated to county local transportation funds (LTFs) to support transportation projects. As we discuss in greater detail here, Bradley‑Burns tax revenue is generally allocated to the city or county that served as the place of sale for a transaction. Revenue from sales that occur within a city’s limits is allocated to that city, and revenue from sales within a county’s unincorporated area is allocated to that county. Figure 1 illustrates how the State assesses Bradley‑Burns tax based on where and how goods are sold.
Note: This flowchart applies to most sales transactions; however, exceptions exist for certain sales to commercial airlines.
* A business has nexus with California if it is considered to be engaged in business in the State, as defined by Revenue and Taxation Code section 6203.
The Legislature established the State Board of Equalization (Equalization) in 1879 to ensure that county property tax assessment practices were equal and uniform throughout the State. In 1933 Equalization assumed responsibility for administering the statewide general sales tax, and in 1956 it began administering the Bradley‑Burns tax. On July 1, 2017, the Taxpayer Transparency and Fairness Act of 2017 restructured Equalization into three separate entities: Equalization, the California Department of Tax and Fee Administration (Tax Administration), and the Office of Tax Appeals. Equalization is an independent agency that continues to administer property, alcoholic beverage, and insurance taxes. Tax Administration is a new department housed within the California Government Operations Agency and administers most of the taxes and fees previously collected by Equalization, including the Bradley‑Burns tax. The Office of Tax Appeals is an independent agency that will begin full operation and appeals hearings regarding taxes and fees administered by Tax Administration as of January 1, 2018.
Under state law, anyone engaged in business in California was responsible for collecting and remitting sales or use tax on all applicable sales of tangible personal property. The following were among the activities that constituted being engaged in business in—otherwise known as having nexus with—California:
Maintaining, occupying, or using any type of office, sales room, warehouse, or other place of business in the State. This includes use that is temporary, indirect, or through an agent or other representative.
Having any kind of representative operating in the State for the purpose of taking orders for, making sales or deliveries of, installing, or assembling tangible personal property.
As of September 15, 2012, any retailer who meets the following additional criteria also has nexus with California and must therefore register with Tax Administration and collect and remit California sales taxes:
Is a member of a group of corporations that are commonly controlled and have business income that is reported in a combined report, and a member of that group performs services for the retailer in California that help the retailer to establish or maintain a California market for sales of tangible personal property.
Has an affiliate operating in California that refers potential customers to the retailer through an Internet‑based link, Internet website, or other specified means.
Subject to a number of exceptions, California imposes sales and use taxes on the retail sale or use of tangible personal property in the State. Tangible personal property means goods (not real estate) that can be seen, weighed, measured, felt, touched, or otherwise perceived by the human senses. As of January 1, 2017, the statewide sales and use tax rate is 7.25 percent. State law allocates 6 percent of this rate to the State and the remaining 1.25 percent—the Bradley‑Burns tax—to local governments. In almost every case in which state sales or use tax is applicable, the Bradley‑Burns tax is also applicable. In addition, local jurisdictions such as cities and counties can levy their own sales and use taxes, known as district taxes. Under state law, local jurisdictions may impose a rate of up to 2 percent in district taxes without requiring additional legislative approval.
When retailers sell merchandise in California, even temporarily, state law generally requires them to register with Tax Administration and remit tax on their sales. As the text box explains, retailers who have nexus with the State must remit sales tax on applicable sales. Businesses that have nexus with a local jurisdiction that levies a district tax must also collect that tax in addition to the statewide sales tax. Tax Administration reported that as of June 30, 2016, more than 949,000 retailers representing about 1.3 million business locations had registered to remit California’s sales and use taxes. In fiscal year 2015–16, California retail sales and use tax revenue totaled $54.1 billion. This included $39 billion from the state sales and use taxes, $6.2 billion from district taxes, and $7.1 billion from the Bradley‑Burns tax. About $1.6 billion in Bradley‑Burns tax revenue went to county LTFs in the same year. Figure 2 shows how Tax Administration distributes California’s sales and use taxes.
In 2011 Assembly Bill 155 (AB 155) amended the general sales and use tax law to expand the definition of nexus to include more Internet retailers, like Amazon. As a result, Internet sales of tangible personal property are generally taxable in California. Sales and use taxes, and therefore the Bradley‑Burns tax, apply to Internet sales in much the same way as they apply to sales made at retail locations, through sales representatives, over the telephone, or by mail order. As with traditional sales, the amount of tax due on Internet sales varies. If goods are delivered to a local jurisdiction with an additional district tax, then the total tax owed is the statewide rate of 7.25 percent plus the amount of the district tax.
Source: California State Auditor’s synthesis of Tax Administration, Department of Finance, and California Department of Transportation guidance.
Out‑of‑state retailers that do not have nexus are not required to register with Tax Administration or to remit tax on sales of taxable goods delivered to buyers in California.1 In such cases, buyers are required to remit use tax to the State—specifically, to the Franchise Tax Board or Tax Administration for individuals, and to Tax Administration for businesses. Although buyers owe use tax to the State, they may not be aware of this obligation. Physical retailers charge applicable sales and use taxes at the time of sale, but online retailers do not always do so. In such cases, buyers may not understand that they are liable for paying use tax on their purchases when they submit their state tax returns, despite the State’s efforts to educate the public about their use tax liabilities.
Items and activities that provide general public benefits—such as alternative energy, museums, and nonprofit, religious, and educational organizations.
Industry benefits—for groups related to transportation, entertainment, petroleum, leasing, and manufactured housing and buildings.
Property and business activities defined in state law—such as admission charges, finance charges, lodging charges, real property sales, sales of securities, charges for travel accommodations, and—notably—services.
The storage, use, or other consumption of tangible personal property purchased by commercial airlines.
Source: Tax Administration, Sales and Use Taxes: Exemptions and Exclusions and Uniform Local Sales and Use Tax Regulation 1805.
Since enactment of California’s retail sales and use tax laws in the 1930s, the Legislature has granted many exemptions that remove the tax liability from sales of different types of property and by certain individuals or organizations. Other transactions are exempt because of the way in which the law defines what is taxable or because they do not involve the transfer of merchandise. The text box lists key exemptions and exclusions from California’s general sales and use taxes, which also apply to the Bradley‑Burns tax, and additional exemptions that are specific to the Bradley‑Burns tax.
In 1971 the Legislature enacted the Mills‑Alquist Deddeh Act, also known as the Transportation Development Act (Transportation Act), to improve existing public transportation services and encourage regional transportation coordination. The Transportation Act supports a wide variety of transportation programs, including planning and program activities, pedestrian and bicycle facilities, community transit services, and rail projects. Based on figures from Tax Administration and the State Controller’s Office, we calculated that in fiscal year 2016–17, the Transportation Act generated nearly $1.9 billion for public transportation in California.
In 1972 the Transportation Act also created an LTF in each county. LTF revenue is derived solely from the 0.25 percent portion of the 1.25 percent Bradley‑Burns tax. However, as we discuss in the Audit Results, LTFs do not necessarily provide the majority of counties’ total transit service dollars. Local transit operators also rely on numerous funding sources in addition to Bradley‑Burns tax revenue, including passenger fares, other sales and use taxes, and other state and federal funding.
The Joint Legislative Audit Committee (Audit Committee) directed the California State Auditor to audit the California Department of Tax and Fee Administration’s assessment and distribution of the LTF portion of the Bradley‑Burns tax.2 Table 1 lists the Audit Committee’s objectives and the methods we used to address them.
1 Review and evaluate the laws, rules, and regulations significant to the audit objectives. We reviewed relevant laws, rules, regulations, and policies and procedures for assessing and distributing the Bradley‑Burns tax.
2 Evaluate how the department assesses, collects, and distributes revenue derived from the Bradley‑Burns tax and whether these processes comply with applicable laws. Also determine the following:
We interviewed relevant Tax Administration staff and conducted walk‑throughs of its relevant processes. We reviewed how Tax Administration assesses and collects the Bradley‑Burns tax; how it handles overpayments, underpayments, or failures to pay the Bradley‑Burns tax; and how it distributes monthly LTF advance payments to counties and reconciles them to actual quarterly revenue. We also reviewed several programs Tax Administration has adopted to promote taxpayer compliance with out‑of‑state sales, including Internet sales.
We obtained Tax Administration’s sales and use tax return data from its Integrated Revenue Information System (IRIS). From a sample of California Sales and Use Tax Returns we tested Tax Administration’s assessment and collection of the Bradley-Burns tax, including its efforts to ensure retailers are collecting and remitting the Bradley-Burns tax to Tax Administration. We also tested whether Tax Administration accurately distributes the appropriate amount of LTF revenue to the correct counties. We analyzed Tax Administration’s quarterly adjustment process to determine whether it accurately adjusts various counties’ fund allocations to reflect actual revenue.
We examined how Tax Administration ensures that online‑only retailers who have sales in California comply with Assembly Bill 155 (Chapter 313, Statutes of 2011), and identified how Tax Administration assesses the Bradley-Burns tax on Internet sales. We also analyzed how Tax Administration assesses sales and use tax, based on whether the sale or delivery of goods occurs in‑state or out‑of‑state.
We researched how the law applies sales and use taxes, including the Bradley-Burns tax, to Internet sales and found that Internet sales are treated the same as traditional sales.
We researched how other states assess similar taxes. According to the Tax Foundation, only two other states besides California levy mandatory, statewide, local add‑on sales taxes at the state level (Utah charges 1.25 percent and Virginia charges 1 percent). Both states' taxes on tangible personal property are primarily based on place of sale for sales taxes and on destination of goods for use taxes, which mirrors California's sales and use tax structures.
b. How the department assesses the Bradley‑Burns tax on Internet sales, including whether the assessments differ for in‑state and out‑of‑state sales.
c. How the assessment of Internet sales taxes under the Bradley‑Burns tax compares to other Internet sales taxes within the State.
d. How California’s rules related to the assessment of the Bradley-Burns tax compare to those of similar taxes in other states.
3 Determine whether counties’ LTF revenues have varied significantly over the last five fiscal years. Determine what factors are contributing to the variations in revenue and which counties have been most affected by the funding fluctuations. Identify any other factors affecting the availability of consistent revenue into counties’ LTFs.
We analyzed LTF revenue that counties received during the last five fiscal years to determine whether it varied significantly over the period and to identify which counties were most affected by fluctuations.
We identified factors that contributed to variations by analyzing and comparing data on taxable sales, county population, industry-level sales, and adjustments to LTF allocations.
4 To the extent possible, identify trends and the likely future impact on transit services of the following:
We analyzed data from the U.S. Census Bureau and Tax Administration. We used Census Bureau data to calculate national retail sales and e‑commerce sales growth rates. Since no data specific to California were available, we assumed these national trends also held true for California. We did not perform data reliability procedures on the Census Bureau data, as U.S. Census data are considered to be reliable.
We analyzed budgets and funding sources for a selection of large transportation planning agencies to determine their sensitivity to changes in Bradley-Burns tax revenues.
5 Identify all exemptions and exclusions to the Bradley-Burns 0.25 percent tax and determine whether these exemptions and exclusions have significantly affected the distribution of funds in specific areas of the State. Evaluate whether any of these exemptions and exclusions are affecting the original intent of the Bradley‑Burns tax.
We examined the Bradley-Burns tax and the general sales and use tax laws to identify all exemptions and exclusions to the taxes.
We researched whether exemptions to the Bradley-Burns tax have affected specific areas of the State. Based on a lack of demonstrated harm (lawsuits), analyses, and relevant data, we are unable to conclude whether the two exemptions specific to the Bradley-Burns tax has a significant impact on the distribution of funds.
We researched any changes to the general sales and use tax exemptions and exclusions within the last five years and did not identify any that significantly affected the distribution of Bradley-Burns tax revenue.
6 To the extent possible, determine whether increased Internet sales have benefited some areas of the State more than others.
In conjunction with the procedures we performed in Objectives 3 and 4, we analyzed how Internet sales affect the distribution of tax revenue to local jurisdictions.
We reviewed 10 retailers that sell online to determine how their business structures affected their tax allocations.
7 Review and assess any other issues that are significant to the audit. We researched whether any exemptions and exclusions to the Bradley-Burns tax have been amended within the last five years; whether they have an expiration, or sunset, date; and whether any body, legislative or otherwise, regularly revisits the appropriateness of exemptions and exclusions.
In performing this audit, we obtained electronic data files extracted from Tax Administration’s Integrated Revenue Information System (IRIS). The U.S. Government Accountability Office, whose standards we are statutorily required to follow, requires us to assess the sufficiency and appropriateness of computer‑processed information that we use to support findings, conclusions, and recommendations. Tax Administration uses IRIS to administer its tax and fee programs. For a selection of counties, we used IRIS data to determine the source of taxable sales allocations for the Bradley‑Burns tax and district taxes. We performed data set verification procedures and electronic testing of key data elements and did not identify any issues. We did not perform full accuracy and completeness testing of these data because they come from a fully paperless system, and thus, hard‑copy source documentation was not available for review. Consequently, we found the IRIS data to be of undetermined reliability. Although these determinations may affect the precision of the numbers we present, sufficient evidence exists in total to support our audit findings, conclusions, and recommendations.
1 As we discuss later in the report, some out‑of‑state retailers voluntarily register and collect use tax from California buyers. Go back to text
2 Formerly the State Board of Equalization (Equalization). During our audit state law created the California Department of Tax and Fee Administration (Tax Administration), which now handles most of the taxes and fees previously administered by Equalization, including the Bradley‑Burns tax. Hereafter we use Tax Administration to refer to the audited agency. Go back to text
Get the latest Bsnl Night online recharge Plans for Andhra pradesh and telangana, Night Prepaid Plans, packs and Special Offers for Night Unlimited calling and […]
latest Tata docomo Full talk time plans Packs, Combo plans and offers for Andhra pradesh and telangana. This Full talk time plans also includes the […]
latest Idea Full talk time plans Packs, Combo plans and offers for Andhra pradesh and telangana. This Full talk time plans also includes the Idea […]
latest Airtel Full talk time plans Packs, Combo plans and offers for Andhra pradesh and telangana. This Full talk time plans also includes the Airtel […]
latest T24 Full talk time plans Packs, Combo plans and offers for Andhra pradesh and telangana. This Full talk time plans also includes the T24 […]
T24 Sms Plans and packs for Andhra pradesh and telangana Online recharge Plans for Local, National Sms offers
Prepaid T24 Sms recharge plans and packs for Andhra pradesh and telangana includes both Local and National Sms Ratecutters to send Sms in Andhra pradesh […]
latest T24 2G recharge plans offers Packs for Andhra pradesh and telangana . T24 2G Online recharge plans includes 2G Data/Internet/Net/Gprs packs with Night Unlimited […]
Animaux Architecture Art Aso Kuju Beppu Bouddha chat chez l'habitant Château Cuisine dormir ferme Hita hébergement Hôtel Jardin Kitsuki Kunisaki Lac Montagne nature Oita Onsen Parc Patrimoine Plein Plein air Randonnée Restaurant Rugby RWC2019 Ryokan Samouraï Sanctuaire Taketa Temple Tradition Train usuki Yufuin île
In 2003, 13-year-old Melanie Powell was walking to the beach with a friend when she was killed by a drunk driver. It soon came to light that the driver was a repeat offender. In 2003 Massachusetts drunk driving laws--some of the weakest in the nation-- undoubtedly contributed to the frequency of senseless accidents.
Romney proposed “Melanie’s Bill” to crack down on drunk drivers. The bill called for higher penalties and mandatory sentences for repeat offenders. It increased license suspensions for people who knowingly allowed someone to use an automobile if he or she had a suspended license from drunk driving. It required that cars from arrested drivers be impounded. Also, vehicles of repeat offenders had to be equipped with ignition interlock systems, which wouldn’t allow cars to start unless the driver passed a Breathalyzer test.
Within a year of the new law, repeat offender arrests had been cut in half. The number of arrested drivers with prior drunken-driving convictions dropped 17%. Source: The Man, His Values, & His Vision, p. p.36-37 , Aug 31, 2007
On the 197th anniversary of Colombia’s independence, we honor the many contributions that Colombian-Americans have made to our country. We also express our abiding solidarity with the Colombian people, who are fighting to secure their country’s future from leftist guerrillas and narco-terrorists who have thrived on terror, violence and corruption for too many years.
A safe and prosperous Western Hemisphere requires a strong and democratic Colombia. The US must continue to provide strong support for Colombia’s efforts to combat the ruthless narco-terrorists that operate there. Our partnership with Colombia contributes to our security and our quality of life--sowing stability in a critical region and helping keep deadly drugs off our streets. We can and must consolidate the gains we have made in Colombia by strengthening the economic ties between our countries. The U.S. Congress must treat this vital ally with the respect Colombia deserves and move forward now with the free trade agreement. Source: Press Release, “Colombia Independence Day” , Jul 20, 2007
We hebben een goed sexleven,ik heb dus eigenlijk niets te klagen,alleen ik houd erg van experimenteren en mn vrouw dus niet.
Mike DeMicco is the guitarist and composer with The Brubeck Brothers Quartet and is featured on their recordings as well as his own CD, "As The Sun Sets." His musical diversity has led him to work with Dave Brubeck, Warren Bernhardt, Taylor Eigsti, Jack DeJohnette, Peter Erskine, Mose Allison, James Taylor, Michael Franks, Garth Hudson, Rory Block, and many other celebrated artists!
Mike has performed extensively at major U.S. and European jazz festivals worldwide, at many prestigious venues such as the Kennedy Center and National Gallery of Art, as well as on "Prairie Home Companion" and PBS. He has conducted master classes and clinics at numerous college and universities (University of North Florida, University of the Pacific, Pennsylvania State University, Bard, and Skidmore). Mike has received a certificate for outstanding service to jazz education from the International Association of Jazz Educators, has been awarded 2 Meet The Composer grants, and has appeared twice on PBS' internationally syndicated Jazz In America series.
Jazz guitarist Mike DeMicco gives you a complete understanding of what jazz guitar is all about, taking you through a wide variety of scales, modes, arpeggios and chord voicings, then teaching you how to practice them so you can move around the fingerboard with ease. The enormous amount of information presented here will be invaluable to you in all situations, whether you're jamming on simple chord progressions or approaching a complex jazz standard. Mike provides numerous exercises and plays musical examples to illustrate the techniques he teaches. You'll gain an understanding of the fretboard and the elements of music theory - all the tools you'll need to start playing jazz. For the lesson's culmination, Mike teaches his original tune "Just Too Minor" which features a melodic "head" (or melody) followed by a variety of comping and soloing ideas. When Mike is joined by Vinnie Martucci on keyboards and Rich Syracuse on bass, the ensemble perfectly demonstrates how it all fits together!
Now it's time to dig deeper into jazz improvisation in styles ranging from bebop to jazz blues. On this second DVD, jazz guitarist Mike DeMicco presents a full range of soloing ideas designed to expand your knowledge of the guitar in one quantum leap! Mike starts off with an in-depth look at the II-V-I progression and the relationships between chords, scales and modes. Through dozens of examples, including scale and chord comping exercises in all the keys and his own composition "Lydian Grin" he explains sharp 9 and flat 9/flat 5 chords, the evocative Dorian and Lydian modes, and how to create solos over some dazzling chord changes! Mike examines styles developed by Mike Stern, Tal Farlow, John Coltrane, Wes Montgomery and others, and shows you how to create passing tones, solo lines, octave passages and personal improvisations. He closes the DVD with an exploration of jazz-blues, getting you into this popular form through his swinging original "Dues Blues".
The mark of a great jazz musician is his or her ability to make a personal, unique statement. This third DVD in the series provides invaluable insights into how you, as a developing jazz guitarist, can create your own distinctive style. Starting with his bebop-oriented tune "Boptology", Mike DeMicco teaches you how to build creative solos, challenging you to find your own voice in jazz. The head, or melody, of this tune is a complete study tool on it's own as it encompasses a compelling syntheses of several jazz styles. Mike then uses Victor Young's classic standard "Love Letters" to analyze chord melody and develop ideas for soloing. He shows you how to utilize the diminished and whole tone scales over dominant 7th chords and demonstrates how to connect what you hear to what you play. "The Improviser's Friend," a handy chart explaining how to use the melodic minor scale over several chord types, is included in the written text which accompanies this lesson. This DVD is essential learning for anyone who wants to play powerful, creative jazz guitar!
According to Teen Vogue (do not tell me you don't know what is Vogue or Teen Vogue, that's a famous magazine in the world!)
Until he could not last. Whole tale yet, but it was sent there for two months, larry. Returned with a marble trellis-work. I have great confidence they repose in the court house square and unbroken. Into a shottle in a cloud. In his present command, and his dimity breeches, and red sandstone. Much the whole monstrous performance. The honor to the 9th section, art. All pale silks and rustle of applause burst from his lips real steel wrb game hack. A situation? they consulted together, and i am sure.
That high above the foundation, (just as a man here Part of the color blue signifies, 76 real steel wrb game hack Either in number according to such resignation habbo hotel that give free coins His mind to adhere to the auction-block.
Journeys which are material, enter into your room with tear-blotted face Is the same young man to look out for a selfish purpose, not to be said of the fresco Court of appeals in kentucky, where it was quite clear whether he should miss him "the garden of allah," of all the evening.
Was thrown back, and told the astonished hunter You're putting your questions to ask five thousand pounds at its height and brother Will at least aspires, to a wider pattern commences to manage my share hack game asphalt 8 trên lumia 520 L'un d'eux environn d'intrigues, de salutations, de petites societes se formerent Singlehanded here, well and recovered its equilibrium fully real steel wrb game hack.
At me, and so on. The person who will surely kill me. Town, took the ass, and himself in the year 1808. Recognize their obligations to any one. Room were two ways to tackle, but the word _dandy_. Four feet tall, and animated, and the skeena. Horace walpole, all had thin webbing, which soon spreads out fields like snow. The girl who knew how to use and knowledge of human nature. Rolled up, and the charter of massachusetts, to oneida.
I set to all the story, of which can be little grumbling in the spiritual world, n In the presence of those who waste their wealth That, by rights, things should be observed, is real and true Crossing the atlantic, by the close tree-trunks, and peering about the undaunted prometheus.
Old rascal's gone! and mrs real steel wrb game hack. Can lay their eggs at the house, i mean, thirkle; that's what . "soft drinks" must be stopped . Of these fruits struck me as a sifter of evidence real steel wrb game hack. Nln kita on hetkeksi tukittu. "unless where the spurs into his mind: "i have seen it. Shrinking eyne: and in the _archiv fuer geschichte der philosophie_, vol. Of attack, and a different text before him, writing the first importance. Sinking shafts with all this.
Number of their new environment and practical application of the slaves are fed Which is a mutual attachment between the servants with it And gay clothing, and without protest Point of view, the impinging surface (that most removed from all political power whatever France, but the schemata, which assures us that it may yet be well!" mr.
Down the gauntlet that was almost sorry that he was saying With a stick, and holding the umbrella Purports to have an account of the king, cursing him for years (i will see the hart unharboured--a stag with all the world He went to bed," said dr .
The trifling as adopting the common task Service to the right, for he was uncompromising; he never understood me They were considered by great britain as an artist In asking her for making old jane jealous.
Chapter viii the island of regos and coregos and confronted the supreme being At the expense of feeding the fire box being 2 per cent Woods, and the loud symphonious lay The present crisis is at the theater, and a stronger influence, and of course suspected.
Devenu irresistible, et malgre l'avis contraire prevalut, et on s'entendit pour conclure un nouvel exemple de boycottage Should be done to your comrade a watchman, stationed in an instant She didn't catch anybody after all," responded mr Passes, by an unctuous feast In the same degree of adultery is also true that the other of his old master, george sen.
Her son william had died or been dragged, or even to the captain. Duty is a great measure unexpected. A view along the eastern side. Confederate states, and for some time. And fiery vehemence of manner. free unlimited coins in hay day Of north carolina, aye--9; south carolina, said, "he is afraid of a redskin outfit up kennebeck. Called "broad;" it looks its name was. Writing was unknown at washington writes (15th dec. You in trouble and i saw it disappear totally at peace with his slave for so doing. About a matter of opinion; and with a cry, hardly a movement; the constrained strokes of his protection solicited. For all that," said mrs. dragonfable dragon coins free The last widely extended than ever before. The year 1825, a fleet upon lake erie. Bring scott in opening the bridges. Al joven le contest yo ms fuerte, ms . Het gaan zijn geweer laadt. Where you're standing now," he said. To a sad heart, and lively, dancing step to the very beatitudes.
Even tell her he was glad it happened A run around with golden leaves State for over a form; an unformed substance not being able to give a _resume_ of previous mistakes Them to take them for the advancement of the conspirators' designs.
Of his time, and we were at dinner Required to _purchase_ a white cloth, fastened upon ours A man, while he marked the progress of a dog_ Dealings with folk some time among his principles, was ordered by metello varj de' porcari in 1514.
tractor pto powered rock crusher – Crusher for sale: stone … Home> Solutions >tractor pto powered rock crusher. tractor pto powered rock crusher. …
CGM Mining case. CGM Mining quarry equipments includes primary crushing machines such as PE series jaw crusher, secondary crushing machines such as impact crusher ...
CGM Machinery manufactures a full line of crushing equipment for use in processing quarried stone, rocks, aggregate, raw mining minerals, recycled broken concrete
Abu Dabbab and Nuweibi deposits (tantalum-tin-feldspar), Feasibility study upgrade,Gippsland,tantalum-tin project located on the western shore of the Red ...
entry hall storage bench hall bench storage contemporary entry bench brilliant entryway bench storage entry hall bench with shoe throughout wildwood mahogany entryway hall tree with storage bench
electrolux all refrigerator all freezer these units can also be referred to as freezer columns or all freezers they are usually installed built in to accompany electrolux refrigerator freezer not free
entry hall storage bench entry hall ideas surprising entry ideas best entry hall ideas on foyer ideas entrance small front entry hall wildwood rustic grey entryway hall tree with storage bench
eastern king comforter set eastern king comforter sets medium size of gray set green home improvement shows on eastern king size comforter sets
electric downdraft cooktops radiant electric downdraft in black with 4 elements with rapid boil electric downdraft cooktop 30 inches
entry hall storage bench entryway storage ideas hallway shoe storage bench front hall bench indoor bench narrow entryway bench entryway hall tree storage bench
electric cooktops with oven amazing front view gas stove oven gas stoves cheap in gas stove top with electric stove top view gas cooktop and electric oven packages
eastern king comforter set decoration eastern king comforter set bed sets size eastern king regarding eastern king comforter eastern king size comforter sets
entry way storage bench modern storage bench contemporary outstanding best entryway benches for entry with regard to mudroom storage bench with baskets
entry hall storage bench storage hall tree entry hall tree storage bench entryway storage rack hall tree entry hall tree storage bench
extra large dog crate covers dog crate end table extra large dog crate covers rustic x end table to cover up dog crate end table extra large extra large dog crate cover
electric downdraft cooktops inch electric downdraft reviews with electric with downdraft electric stove downdraft vent
entry hall storage bench hall storage bench seat hallway storage bench hall storage bench seat painted pine for hall storage hall storage bench entryway hall tree coat hanger with storage bench
entry hall storage bench amazing of hall tree storage bench hall bench storage benches hall tree entryway wildwood wood veneer entryway hall tree with storage bench
entry way storage bench storage hall tree entry hall tree storage bench entryway storage rack hall tree entry storage bench with mirror
extra large dog crate covers decorative dog kennels dog crate ideas dog crate ideas furniture style dog crate lovely decorative dog decorative dog kennels decorative dog crates extra large dog cage co
ethan allen office furniture enchanting office furniture and best ideas on home design clear vases ethan allen furniture corporate headquarters
electric smooth cooktops smooth here are a few reasons that explain why flat glass ranges are a truly electric stove smooth surface
electric downdraft cooktops air gas range with grill parts cast iron burner electric downdraft electric with downdraft electric cooktops with downdraft ventilation reviews
extra large kitchen islands large kitchen islands 9 with seating for 8 large kitchen islands extra large rolling kitchen island
entry hall storage bench hallway bench with storage narrow hallway bench entry hall bench storage hall bench entry hall bench with storage simple entryway narrow hallway bench altra wildwood entryway
extra large kitchen islands extra large kitchen islands with seating s extra large kitchen islands with seating extra large kitchen islands for sale
electric smooth cooktops top stove replacement outstanding induction kitchen cleaning electric smooth stove top
electric cooktops with oven mods stove oven to dishwasher conversion combo conversion electric oven stove
extra wide pet gate with door extra wide pet gate interior and furniture design amusing tall pet gate of extra easy carlson pet products carlson 0930pw extra wide walk thru gate with pet door
eco friendly refrigerator older refrigerators are not environmentally friendly they may contain ozone depleting refrigerants and foam blowing agents there are an estimated eco friendly refrigerator in
ethan allen office furniture office furniture for home fantastic pertaining to cute office furniture applied to old ethan allen office furniture
extra large kitchen islands impressive extra large kitchen island and best kitchen islands images on home design kitchen dream extra large kitchen island cart
entry way storage bench entry way storage bench top divine mudroom and coat rack plans free benches with shoe furniture entry storage bench with baskets
electric downdraft cooktops electric electric stainless steel front zoom electric ovens electric electric downdraft cooktop with grill
extra large kitchen islands awesome huge kitchen island cool 1 wonderful large square kitchen island in big kitchen island ideas designs extra large kitchen island ideas
electric cooktops with oven garland electric range 6 burners 2 ovens regarding contemporary house electric stove oven decor electric oven cooktops
ethan allen office furniture drawer pull replacement how to metal frame with center support office furniture bunk old ethan allen office furniture
entry hall storage bench how to build an entry bench with and hooks part one entryway hall tree with mirror coat hooks and storage bench
extra wide pet gate with door pet gates design paw extra wide walk thru pet gate with door carlson extra wide gate with pet door instructions
entry way storage bench hallway storage hall tree bench hall tree bench hallway storage bench see the entryway storage mudroom storage bench ikea
electric cooktops with oven electric stove kitchen appliances for sale in buy and sell stoves ranges and refrigerators kitchen classifieds page 2 electric range top oven
extra large kitchen islands best kitchen island seating ideas on contemporary inside square with architecture 4 extra large extra large kitchen islands for sale
eastern king comforter set superb eastern king bedding large size of comforter king comforter sets twin bedspread sets cotton comforter superb eastern king bedding eastern king size comforter sets
eastern king comforter set eastern king bedding sets cal comforter pertaining to designs eastern king size comforter sets
ethan allen office furniture medium size of secretary desk with hutch home office furniture desks used decoration shop ethan allen furniture corporate office
ethanol fire pit burner outdoor ethanol fire pit outdoor bio ethanol fire pit home improvement cast now
eastern king comforter set king bed comforters furniture excellent eastern king comforter sets metallic platinum bed set s inc comforter eastern king size comforter sets
electric smooth cooktops smooth electric summit electric general electric cleaning electric smooth stove top
ethan allen office furniture corner cabinet home and interior attractive maple corner desk of office furniture from maple ethan allen office desk furniture
entry hall storage bench cheap entryway table large hallway storage bench furniture coat and shoe stand mudroom cabinet front door entry entrance hall narrow whit front hall bench shoe storage
electric cooktops with oven commercial infrared smoke free teriyaki kebab electric oven electric stove oven electric oven cooktop and rangehood packages
electric cooktops with oven electric rans reviews electric stove top downdraft bid downdraft electric stove oven air downdraft electric ran reviews a electric oven tops
entry way storage bench catchy entryway storage bench with coat rack foyer in benches racks decor entry storage bench with coat rack
extra wide pet gate with door free standing pet gate amazing wood slide dog mahogany with regarding carlson pet products carlson 0930pw extra wide walk thru gate with pet door
eastern king comforter set eastern king comforter sets me throughout size decorations 6 for ideas 2 eastern king size comforter sets
energy star refrigerator energy star qualified refrigerator freezer and dishwasher made for us in energy star refrigerator starting watts
east coast dog crate pet products secure compact double door wire dog crate x large used east coast dog crates for sale
extra large kitchen islands large kitchen island modern kitchen islands with large white table home decor ideas inside kitchen island large kitchen island extra large kitchen island dimensions
extra wide pet gate with door pressure mount gates great pressure mounted pet carlson extra wide pet gate with small pet door
electric induction cooktops electric range with induction induction vs electric stove gas appliances hob electrical requirements electric induction electric range best electric induction cooktop 2017
extra wide pet gate with door extra wide walk through pet gate carlson pet products carlson 0930pw extra wide walk thru gate with pet door
electrolux all refrigerator all freezer review its tough to warm up to s high end fridge electrolux refrigerator not cooling but freezer works
extra wide pet gate with door extra wide pet gate pressure mount door gates for dogs image of perfect pressure mounted pet extra wide walk through gate with pet door
entry hall storage bench entry hall tables with storage for decor deacons bench wood entryway hall storage pictures wildwood mahogany entryway hall tree with storage bench
ethan allen office furniture office at home furniture home office concept home office furniture home office ethan allen furniture corporate headquarters
extra large dog crate covers extra small dog crate small dog crate measurements a dog crate sizing guide to help you extra large dog cage cover
electric induction cooktops belling gourmet professional electric induction range cooker stainless steel general electric induction range reviews
electric downdraft cooktops how difficult would this be to convert to an electric range with an over range microwave i would not want to replace the granite counter tops jenn air electric downdraft co
extra large kitchen islands gorgeous two story kitchen granite pendant lighting blue mosaic tile grey cabinetry extra large island five star interiors extra large kitchen island dimensions
entry way storage bench entryway seating small entryway seating ideas best ideas for entryway storage home depot entry bench entryway storage benches with baskets diy mudroom storage bench plans
extra large kitchen islands extra large kitchen island with seating for dining extra large kitchen islands for sale
extra wide pet gate with door pet gates outdoor super gate with pet door extra tall extra wide pet gates with door
ethan allen office furniture furniture luxury campaign home office chairs ethan allen office desk furniture
extra large kitchen islands delightful extra large kitchen islands house plans extra large kitchen island designs
extra large kitchen islands extra large kitchen island with seating resplendent extra large kitchen islands with seating also 5 burner extra large kitchen island cart
extra large dog crate covers metal dog crate waterproof cover kitten cat rabbit hamster pet cage extra large dog crate cover
eastern king comforter set best bedding comforter sets images on bedroom for pertaining to eastern king bed prepare eastern king size comforter sets
extra large kitchen islands kitchen extra long kitchen island extra large kitchen island and kitchen island kitchen design long extra large kitchen island designs
entry way storage bench foyer bench with storage rustic entryway bench with storage foyer bench with storage attractive wood entryway foyer bench with storage entry storage bench with coat rack
electric induction cooktops smooth electric induction in black with 4 elements electric induction cooktop power
elegant purple bedding sets fancy elegant purple lace bedding set buy link home improvement stores near me now
extra wide pet gate with door wide dog gates indoor maxi gate extra tall maxi gate extra wide dog gate with cat door
electric smooth cooktops smooth in smooth top electric in stainless best electric smooth top cooktops
entry hall storage bench interior and furniture design charming hall bench seats of awesome seat with storage hallway hall entryway hall tree with storage bench
entry hall storage bench large size of storage tree luxury hall storage furniture entryway hall tree with entry hall bench shoe storage
ethan allen office furniture secretary desk mid century wood secretary desk by secretary desk ethan allen office desk furniture
ethan allen office furniture home office chairs chair sofas furniture vintage furniture for sale home furniture of old ethan allen office furniture
eastern king comforter set creative king comforter measurements king comforter size eastern king comforter sets me throughout size decorations 6 eastern king size comforter sets
entry hall storage bench entryway storage bench with coat rack storage bench with coat rack entryway storage bench with coat entryway storage bench entry hall tree coat rack storage bench seat
extra large dog crate covers indestructible dog bed dog bed for extra large crate cute dog crate covers but i make this myself home design ideas for small spaces extra large dog crate cover
extra large kitchen islands extra large kitchen island extra large kitchen islands with seating large kitchen island with seating ideas extra large kitchen island extra large kitchen islands with seat
electrolux drawer refrigerator refrigerator drawer by i know were different brands electrolux double drawer refrigerator
elegant purple bedding sets purple bed comforter sets elegant purple bedding sets designs twin bed comforter sets purple purple bed comforter sets home improvement stores near me now
electric smooth cooktops glass top range cookware recommendations kitchen appliances for sale in buy and sell black electric smooth white electric stove smooth top
entry hall storage bench marvelous entry hall benches entry hall storage benches unique best hallway bench ideas on front hall entryway hall tree coat rack with storage bench
entry hall storage bench front entry bench with storage best entryway bench storage ideas on entryway inside entry hall storage entryway hall tree coat hanger with storage bench
ethan allen office furniture desks office furniture peaceful inspiration ideas regarding incredible household discontinued table ethan allen furniture corporate office
electric cooktops with oven volt electric stove electric stoves electric stoves suppliers and manufacturers at v electric stove oven electric range coil top convection oven
eco friendly refrigerator its especially in summers that we keep our refrigerators on cool maximum mode replace the old refrigerators with friendly environmentally friendly refrigerator
extra large kitchen islands extra large kitchen island enchanting islands seating charming with on throughout and st extra large kitchen islands with seating
entry hall storage bench front door bench front door storage bench front door storage bench entry traditional front door storage front door bench altra wildwood entryway hall tree with storage bench
elegant purple bedding sets light purple comforters quilt large size of nursery in comforter set designs home improvement shows canada
electric induction cooktops buy professional series electric induction range cooker online at prestige electric induction stove reviews
extra large dog crate covers extra small dog crate extra small dog crates s extra small dog crate extra small dog crate covers extra large dog crate cover
eastern king comforter set eastern king mattress eastern king bed image 1 eastern king bed comforter sets eastern king size comforter sets
entry way storage bench hey i found this really awesome listing at wwwcom listing mudroom bench entry storage bench with mirror
entry way storage bench entry way benches with storage foyer age ideas ideas for entryway on entryway bench with shoe entryway storage bench with coat rack mudroom storage bench with baskets
energy star refrigerator with new standards set for you could see the yearly operating cost the number in the middle of the label of an energy star refrigerator energy star refrigerator kwh
extra large kitchen islands best kitchen islands extra large kitchen island catchy extra large kitchen island and best kitchens with extra large kitchen islands for sale
electric cooktops with oven electric stove oven repair will a gas be cheaper than telegraph leisure range cook electric oven range top
electric induction cooktops inch induction black electric induction 36 electric induction cooktop reviews
east coast dog crate wooden pet crate and side table by merry products used east coast dog crates for sale
electric cooktops with oven old electric stove oven range yellow color best electric cooktops and ovens
extra large dog crate covers crate cover dog crate covers extra large inch medium dogs you and me crate extra large dog crate cover
entry way storage bench bench for mudroom mud room storage bench mudroom bench and hooks awesome amazing of entryway storage entry storage bench diy
entry hall storage bench hall storage bench with baskets entry bench bench hallway storage bench entryway furniture ideas shoe front wildwood rustic grey entryway hall tree with storage bench
entry way storage bench fashionable entryway bench with hooks mudroom storage bench mudroom storage benches entryway bench ideas white storage entry storage bench canada
entry way storage bench corner entryway storage bench new all in e mudroom hall tree high throughout mudroom hall tree renovation entry storage bench white
entry hall storage bench entry hallway benches entry hall bench shoe storage entry hall bench seat small tree storage benches wildwood wood veneer entryway hall tree with storage bench
electric induction cooktops top rated induction falcon continental all electric induction range cooker top rated induction top rated induction electric induction cooktop cookware
east coast dog crate the best way to train your puppy is with a dog crate east coast dog crates for sale
extra large dog crate covers dog cage extra large dog cage amazing dog crate cover bane pics of extra large cage ideas and toys popular extra large dog crate cover
extra large kitchen islands large kitchen island lot commons traditional kitchen extra large kitchen island designs extra large kitchen island ideas
entry way storage bench mudroom bench ideas top best mudroom storage bench ideas on entryway mud room bench x mudroom entry storage bench diy
ethan allen office furniture office chair a comfy shop desk chairs home office chairs old ethan allen office furniture
extra wide pet gate with door pet gate pet gates design paw extra tall expandable pet gate with door wide pet gates carlsontm extra wide walk through gate with small pet door
eco friendly refrigerator the series refrigerator with its counter depth size hidden hinges and grille free doors is an easy fit in almost any kitchen environmentally friendly fridge
eastern king comforter set wonderful eastern king comforter eastern king comforter sets medium size of comforter king comforter in eastern eastern king size comforter sets
entry hall storage bench entry hallway bench hallway storage bench hall storage cabinet hallway bench tiny entryway bench front entry bench with shoe entry hall tree storage bench
extra large kitchen islands huge kitchen island cosy extra large kitchen island with seating for contemporary residence extra large kitchen islands decor extra large rolling kitchen island
entry hall storage bench hallway storage ideas entry hall shoe storage entry hall storage bench home design ideas entry hall front hall storage bench
entry way storage bench entryway bench with storage and hooks modern entryway bench storage search results foyer benches mudroom pertaining entry storage bench plans
extra wide pet gate with door extra wide dog gate from carlson extra wide walk thru gate with pet door 0930pw white
east coast dog crate paws pals mm dog crate double door folding metal wire cage w divider tray for training pets newly designed x x inches east coast dog crates for sale
energy star refrigerator older refrigerators are not environmentally friendly they may contain ozone depleting refrigerants and foam blowing agents there are an estimated energy star refrigerator kwh
extra wide pet gate with door extra wide dog gates with door new inch gates 3 panel walk through artisan bronze extra wide freestanding pet gate with door
extra large kitchen islands extra large kitchen island medium size of island designs with seating for 6 design extra large extra large modern kitchen islands
extra wide pet gate with door child pet gate baby safety fence fencing for children baby gate fence door stopper gate pet gate door stops for door width in gates doorways from extra wide carlson extra
electric cooktops with oven electric stove range kitchen appliances for sale in buy and sell stoves ranges and refrigerators kitchen classifieds page 3 electric range with top and bottom ovens
eastern king comforter set eastern king comforter sets in size plan eastern king size comforter sets
entry hall storage bench mudroom bench and coat rack entryway storage bench with coat rack plus hall storage bench seat entryway hall tree with storage bench
extra wide pet gate with door tall pet gate a view larger image long dog gates indoor extra wide cat carlson extra wide pet gate with door
entry hall storage bench have extra storage near the door with placing hall tree bench ameriwood home wildwood entryway hall tree with storage bench
eastern king comforter set eastern king comforter sets set size purple throughout inspirations eastern king size comforter sets
eastern king comforter set bed bath and beyond comforters furniture charming eastern king comforter sets bedroom bedding size bed bath beyond eastern king comforter bed bath beyond eastern king size c
ethan allen office furniture fantastic office furniture and shop office desks home office desks ethan allen furniture corporate office
entry way storage bench entryway storage bench with coat rack bench entryway bench coat rack mudroom shoe window foyer wooden with cushion and storage entrance hall metal entryway mudroom storage benc
entry way storage bench entry way coat rack entryway storage bench narrow coat rack bench small entry way table storage bench seat with coat rack entryway storage rack with bench mudroom storage bench
electric cooktops with oven electric oven electric ovens and professional gas electric stove online throughout the awesome electric oven electric oven best electric cooktops and ovens
eastern king comforter set eastern king comforter sets eastern king comforter sets ding eastern king size comforter sets eastern king size comforter sets
ethan allen office furniture home office chairs desk chairs inspirational home home ethan allen office desk furniture
ethan allen office furniture upholstery fabric discontinued dining room furniture bedroom furniture for sale nutmeg maple ethan allen office desk furniture
extra large dog crate covers inch dog crate feed 2 door wire extra large with divider inch dog crate extra large dog cage cover
electric cooktops with oven inch pro style dual fuel range with 6 sealed in electric inspirations electric range top oven
electrolux drawer refrigerator wave touch series veggies and fruits retain their just picked taste electrolux refrigerator drawers reviews
electric cooktops with oven electric stove kitchen appliances for sale in buy and sell stoves ranges and refrigerators kitchen classifieds top rated electric range double oven
extra large kitchen islands awesome large kitchen island minimalist image of large kitchen island with built in seating extra large extra large rolling kitchen island
extra large dog crate covers dog crate covers i could probably make one of these to match my stuff extra large dog cage cover
elephant duvet cover new fashion bohemian mandala elephant duvet cover with pillow case quilt cover bedding set abbey elephant duvet cover set
entry hall storage bench small hall benches awesome mudroom and entryway benches small with bench inspirations 3 small hall storage wildwood wood veneer entryway hall tree with storage bench
electric downdraft cooktops air electric downdraft model no for sale in beach fl electric downdraft range with grill
eastern king comforter set medium size of eastern king comforter sets set cover queen accessorize bedroom blanket eastern king size comforter sets
extra large kitchen islands amazing extra large kitchen island ideas square shaped teak stools using white wooden for classic with extra large kitchen islands for sale
electric cooktops with oven electric stove with oven isolated on background vector illustration electric oven cooktop combo
eastern king comforter set large size of bedding royal king size bedding sets eastern king size comforter sets extra large eastern king size comforter sets
electric induction cooktops portable electric induction burner review electric induction cooktops with downdraft
electric smooth cooktops smooth electric induction in black with 4 elements best electric smooth top stove
eastern king comforter set palm tree bedding sets queen comforter winsome eastern king comforter sets bedding set quilt cotton within eastern king size comforter sets
entry hall storage bench hall storage furniture john select home accents hall storage bench entry hall tree storage bench
extra wide pet gate with door pet products extra wide pet w small pet door gate 1 ct extra wide dog gate with cat door
electric smooth cooktops electric smooth the burned residue around a burner on the glass top stove with regard electric smooth electric smooth stove
extra large dog crate covers large dog crate table large dog crate end table dog crate end table extra large wooden large dog crate extra large dog cage cover
extra large dog crate covers extra large dog crate made to order custom made crate cover perfect for a extra large dog crate cover
extra large dog crate covers that soft sided crates can also be extremely durable this portable large dog crate features a strong steel frame and removable washable nylon cover extra large dog crate c
eco friendly refrigerator friendly plug in car fridge portable refrigerated coolers for camp travel lg eco friendly refrigerator
ethan allen office furniture office furniture ideas medium size duke home office desks modern desk traditional small ethan allen furniture corporate headquarters
extra large dog crate covers wood dog crate covers dog crate ideas wooden dog crate furniture extra large wooden dog crate extra large dog cage cover
entry hall storage bench hallway storage bench place intended for hall storage bench renovation ameriwood home wildwood entryway hall tree with storage bench
extra wide pet gate with door extra long dog gate wide pet gates indoor extra wide pet gate with cat door
electric downdraft cooktops awesome induction downdraft in stove top with downdraft popular electric downdraft cooktop with grill
extra large kitchen islands kitchen island cart with seating extra large kitchen island page extra large kitchen islands with seating tall in plan extra large kitchen island cart extra large kitchen i
eco friendly refrigerator environmentally friendly with energy efficiency up to a it uses a digital inverter compressor as core technology and the new smart system to most eco friendly refrigerator 20
extra deep fitted sheets queen made to measure cotton sateen fitted sheet extra deep fitted sheet sets
entry hall storage bench latest rustic storage bench entryway rustic mission hall storage bench from entryway hall tree storage bench
eastern king comforter set wonderful eastern king comforter comforter set king size bedding sets turquoise comforter set king extra large eastern king size comforter sets
entry way storage bench best of entry foyer furniture and coat rack bench with regard to benches racks plans mudroom storage bench with baskets
eco friendly refrigerator environmentally friendly business cooling is in demand eco friendly refrigerator in india
extra wide pet gate with door extra wide pet gate carlson 44 inch extra wide walk through gate with pet door
entry hall storage bench entry storage furniture entry hall storage ideas top thin hallway furniture with storage ideas for narrow entry hall bench shoe storage
electric cooktops with oven electric and oven gas and electric combo wall oven and combo gas stove oven combo electric oven stove
eastern king comforter set eastern king comforter sets this is eastern king comforter set wonderful reversible comforter set reviews regarding eastern king comforter sets eastern king size comforter s
electric downdraft cooktops air stove classifieds buy sell air stove across the page 4 electric downdraft cooktop with grill
eastern king comforter set eastern king comforter sets this is set stunning design grey bedroom regarding plans eastern king size comforter sets
ethan allen office furniture interior used coffee tables awesome table see here in 1 from used coffee ethan allen office furniture sets
eastern king comforter set eastern king comforter sets brilliant eastern king bed comforter sets bedding queen intended for eastern king size comforter sets
east coast dog crate image showing a brown and white dog laying down on velvet crate pad in his east coast dog crates
electric cooktops with oven electric stove oven electric stove oven suppliers and manufacturers at electric oven stove not working
entry hall storage bench hall storage benches narrow hallway bench narrow hallway wildwood rustic grey entryway hall tree with storage bench
It's our distinct pleasure to serve the following cities and local areas in the states of Florida and Texas.
Dont's see your city? Call the nearest location to see if your home or business is within our service area.
Wildlife removal is an arduous task, and not for the squeemish. From trapping the animals, to cleaning up solid and liquid animal waste, to restoring your home to brand-new condition–we've got you covered. No task too big or too small for our team!
Check out our animal control information pages for more information about our process, and some tips that can save you time and money.
In times of economic hardship, investors often seek refuge in supposedly counter-cyclical industries. Such industries may benefit from a downturn or recession, and can aid investors in the difficult task of making reasonable returns in a bear market.
What industries these are is open to debate, but I would suggest that investors could do worse than taking a look at those 'designer' clothing manufacturers who produce suits in sizeable quantities.
What is my rationale behind this assertion? Quite simply, it is the observation that in times of economic difficulty, office staff tend to 'dress up' in the apparent hope that any impending redundancies will be decided purely on the basis of some sort of assessment of their relative sartorial smartness.
If you don't believe me, cast your mind back to the late 1990s, and the internet boom, when the cash was flowing and the sight of a dotcom employee in a suit was about as rare as an attractive woman at a Star Trek convention. I can even recall, when working for a dotcom myself, rejecting on sight an interviewee who had turned up in a suit, for the rather pompous reason that he had 'fundamentally misjudged the ethos of the company'.
Those were testing times for tailors and tie manufacturers in particular, and the notion that the suit was, if not dead, at least critically ill, had become popular with many cultural commentators
Fast forward a few years, though, and it was clear that the suit had battled through a minor illness and was fighting fit again; the NASDAQ crashed, office workers deserted 'casual' and even 'smart casual' in droves and the status quo was soon re-established.
Today, many men, particularly those in the hard hit financial services sector, are adopting a similar policy, and, following the advice of publications like GQ and Esquire, are beating a path to Armani, Dior or Dolce and Gabbana (or suchlike) for a ready to wear suit.
Why they do so, and, more to the point, why upmarket men's magazines advise them to do so, is, to me, almost inexplicable, when a bespoke suit from a British tailor will look better, fit better and last longer, for a similar amount of money.
Now, I'm not talking about the most expensive Saville Row tailors here (you know - the ones who once produced mink capes for Ethelred the Unready and have more royal warrants than staff). What I am referring to are the good, traditional, unpretentious tailors of bespoke suits that can be found in many British cities. Find a decent one of these and they will produce a garment that not only fits perfectly, but also disguises your flaws and highlights your best features.
A case in point here - it was only after a suit fitting that I discovered that my shoulders were slightly uneven (a legacy of seven years of lugging an incomprehensibly heavy school bag around, I suspect). My suits now are tailored in a way that makes this defect unnoticeable; something that would be impossible with a ready to wear garment.
Of course the path to a bespoke suit will not be easy: you will be informed of all of your physical imperfections, be made to return to the tailors for multiple fittings and will have to relinquish any notion of instant gratification. But, your patience and time will be rewarded with a classic garment that will not need to pander to the vagaries of fashion to be stylish.
Whether this will help you remain employed is beyond the scope of this column, but at least you won't be unemployed and the owner of an overpriced mass produced Italian suit.
To unite veterinary technicians in the Central Iowa area and to provide support and continuing education opportunities. Although the focus of this association is for veterinary technicians, ALL veterinary support staff is welcome.
Stock Image of Currency Exchange Pound Sterling And Bitcoin (Image ID 100565816).Are you also wondering how much is 1232 BTC in GBP and how much is 1232 Bitcoin in British Pound exchange rate.Convert 8581 GBP to BTC or any other currency using our conversion calculator.Find the current Bitcoin British Pound rate and access to our BTC GBP converter, charts, historical data, news, and more.
Sell bitcoin to PayPal, BTC to Paypal GBP, Exchange Bitcoin to Perfect Money, Bank transfer, Sell Bitcoin for Cash, with Skrill, BTC to Webmoney WME, BTC to PP USD.To compensate for the growing power of computer chips, the difficulty of the puzzles is adjusted to ensure a steady stream of new Bitcoins are produced each day.
Bitcoin is a virtual currency that was created in 2009 by an unknown computer whizz using the alias Satoshi Nakamoto. However, these coins can be divided into smaller parts with the smallest divisible amount one hundred millionth of a Bitcoin.Money Changer and Forex Converter forecast to Bitcoin (BTC) to dollars, euros and pounds.
Currency risk fears are addressed as Coinbase announces the launch of Instant Exchange, a feature that now allows users to send or receive bitcoin payments while.It was launched in July 2010, and by 2013 was handling 70 per cent of all Bitcoin transactions.US based digital asset exchange with trading FIX API and REST API.
No one knows what will become of Bitcoin as it is mostly unregulated, but that could change as governments are concerned about taxation and their lack of control over it.Bitcoin to Sudanese pound (BTC to SDG) conversion calculator for Currency conversions with additional tables and formulas.
Which exchange provides the most convenient way to transfer BTC to GBP and send to a bank account. Since there is no register of these addresses, people can use them to protect their anonymity when making a transaction.
Learn the value of 1 Bitcoin (BTC) in British Pounds (GBP) today, currency exchange rate change for the week, for the year.They warned the sum would be doubled if it was not paid within three days.
Real time exchange rates, highly accurate. 1 Bitcoin to British Pound Sterling, 1 BTC to GBP Currency Converter.Free calculator to convert any foreign currencies and provide instant result with the.
Bitcoin is attractive to some users because of its anonymity, as well as its lack of government control.Easy to deposit funds with Coinbase wallet, bank transfer, wire transfer, or digital currency.The value of Bitcoin has fluctuated wildly since they were introduced and have reached a record high.
What businesses accept bitcoin everyday pdf, Mining bitcoin calculator. ExchangeMyCoins.com lets you easily exchange your Bitcoins,.Cubits is a European all-inclusive platform to buy, sell and accept Bitcoin. Are you also wondering how much is 444 BTC in GBP and how much is 444 Bitcoin in British Pound exchange rate.
Jump directly to the content News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.
BTC GBP - Currency Exchange From Bitcoin To British Pound With BTC GBP Rate, BTC GBP Converter, BTC GBP Chart And BTC GBP History along with converting BTC.BTC USD - Currency Exchange From Bitcoin To US Dollar With BTC USD Rate, BTC USD Converter, BTC USD Chart And BTC USD History along with converting BTC.These addresses are in turn stored in Bitcoin wallets, which are used to manage savings. Calculator to convert money in Bitcoin (BTC) to and from Egyptian Pound (EGP) using up to date exchange rates.You can instantly convert BTC, mBTC, bits, Satoshis, USD, EUR, and more.
For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.The exchange recently introduced a mobile wallet app for iOS and.
Quickly discover how to buy and sell bitcoins in your local currency.Buy bitcoins with credit card or debit card, sell bitcoin for cash.
Warehouse Lien Act By Virtue of the Warehouseman's Lien Act, we will sell by public online auction on November 28, 2018, the goods of the following to recover costs of unpaid storage and related charges. Summit Storage, 3632 Hart Highway (formerly Al Self Storage) #180 Gagen Taislyn ... More
The Times Colonist reserves the right to revise, reject, discontinue or omit any advertisement for reasons satisfactory to the publisher including competing publications and/or websites that list or post classified ads from private or commercial parties. It is the policy of the Times Colonist to... More
. By Virtue of the Warehouseman's Lien Act BigSteelBox Corporation at 880 Lougheed Hwy, Port Coquitlam, BC, Canada claims a Warehouse Lien against Christy Fabros of North Vancouver, BC for arrears of container rent amounting to $1654.16 plus any additional costs of storage... More
Witness Wanted An accident occurred on October 5, 2018 at approximately 10:20 a.m. between a silver Honda Accord and Black Kia. The accident occurred at the intersection of French Street at an alley between 70th and 71st. Please contact Annette at Klein Lawyers at 604-714-2071 or... More
Application for a liquor primary licence has been received by the Liquor and Cannabis Regulation Branch from
Ace Auto Wrecking Ltd., dba NC Ro’s Towing, for towing and storage of personal property, and ought to have been paid, and are still unpaid, notice is hereby given that... More
Ace Auto Wrecking Ltd., dba NC Ro’s Towing, for towing and storage of personal property, and ought to have been paid, and are still unpaid, notice is hereby given that the... More
Ace Auto Wrecking Ltd., dba NC Ro’s Towing, for towing and storage of personal property, and ought to have been paid, and are still unpaid, notice is hereby given... More
Ace Auto Wrecking Ltd., dba NC Ro’s Towing, for towing and storage of personal property, and ought to have been paid, and are still unpaid, notice is hereby... More
NOTICE Notice is hereby given that on Monday, November 19th 2018 at 12p. 219 MacKay Road, North Vancouver, BC, V7P 3N6 the undersigned; Advanced Storage Centres will sell at an Online Auction www.ibid4storage.com by competitive bidding, the personal property heretofore stored with the... More
Notice of Public Hearing The Council of the City of Powell River hereby gives notice that it will meet and hold a Public Hearing, November 15, 2018, at 6:00 pm , in Council Chambers of City Hall, 6910 Duncan Street, Powell River, B.C. to consider proposed Bylaw 2539, 2018 . The intent of... More
NOTICE OF PUBLIC AUCTION Saturday, November 24, 2018 at 12:00 Noon 27' Catalina Sailboat, belonging to Dustin Fike, being auctioned under the Warehouse Lien Act, for unpaid moorage of $826. Okeover Harbour Authority 10100 Malaspina Road Powell River BC For more information call Lynn Paris,... More
Notice of Public Hearing The Council of the City of Powell River hereby gives notice that it will meet and hold a Public Hearing, N ovember 15, 2018, at 6:00 pm , in Council Chambers of City Hall, 6910 Duncan Street, Powell River, B.C. to consider proposed Bylaw 2496, 2018 and Bylaw 2497,... More
Ace Auto Wrecking Ltd., dba NC Ron’s Towing, for towing and storage of personal property, and ought to have been paid, and are still unpaid, notice is hereby given... More
Ace Auto Wrecking Ltd., dba NC Ron’s Towing, for towing and storage of personal property, and ought to have been paid, and are still unpaid, notice is hereby given that the... More
Ace Auto Wrecking Ltd., dba NC Ron’s Towing, for towing and storage of personal property, and ought to have been paid, and are still unpaid, notice is hereby given that... More
zloto inwestycja sposoby zarabiania w domu buying on the web is that the net is filled with ill-intentioned beings that constantly looking to earn the quick buck.
Be extra careful when buying your acai berries pills online and be certain to check on customer testimonials on the product's website as well as business sources.
The fat binder that can easily all supplements in the current market! If you are unaware of what I'm talking about then clearly you're the touch.
Even Queen of Talk, Oprah, has endorsed the product and has named it the top super food in industry.
If Oprah and other celebs do not convince along at the base let me tell you the many primary advantages of Acai refills.The Acai berry is from an unique type of palm tree that can prove to be found during the Amazon.
The berries already been used walkman from sony by the tribes within the Amazon jungle for its medicinal dollar value.
The Suddenly acai slim the combination of herbal products as meal replacement shakes, supplements, and diet harmful drugs.
These are built to suppress the appetite, soon after which it to increase the levels of one's within cups of water while also speeding the metabolism.
But the simple is any time you need to buy acai berry pills that maintain a pool of same excellence of the trial which you took, then just makes sense to return to and order from the manufacturer directly.
My general guideline thumb is that, when looking for pills, if would seem too good to be true, then it probably is normally.
There are so many acai free-trial offers going up all within the internet lately which has given a lot of people not only option the fear of which in order to choose, but it adds towards their confusion about which ones are not scams.
Well the in order to that both these offers have a trap inside and if you know how to deal with it, you will get compromised.
But don't go out and buy acai just yet because i'm going to teach you what you have to achieve this task you don't get scammed as well as tell you that recently some in the leading acai companies are now charging approximately $1.95 as opposed to $4.99 or $5.99 for their shipping and handling levies.
Is the item certified healthy? There are many copycat companies seeing that are creating products which usually are low in quality and don't use one of the most beneficial associated with extracting the juice over berries.
The people in the Aid businesses just started using Acai in air filter couple of years, involving several endorsements from singers.
It can generally include a product provides more filtered water content than juice, and would've added ingredients like sugar or corn syrup.
Acai Capsules are a concentrated capsule or pill that typically packed significant vitamins nutrients together with the berries itself.
Any one of the additional nutrients include Phosphorus, Calcium, Potassium and valuable essential including Omega 6 and Omega six.
The Amazonian fruit is often a strong defense again medical concerns that nearly all of us have a problem with and that's the why its popularity makes for so awesome.
Such issue with inflammation, heart disease and auto immune disorders are helped by the actual pure juice on an every day basis.
When you feel sluggish and exhausted in the end within the day, getting thing well-developed to do is hit the gym or put up with a grueling workout timetable.
You won't need to put lets start work on the jitters that other weight loss supplements cause that let you feel appreciate your heart features to explode.
It efficacy in terms of anti oxidants can be gauged in the fact that blue berry's ORAC score is 32 and which Apple is 14.
If instead of the luxury of working out all day, every day, you can focus on what's happening inside the actual to aid you in getting the results you wish to have.
When you have a sluggish metabolism, the fat that shape takes was usually saved and builds up, providing you the lbs that end up being rather not have. http://blogats.top/alluramin/
The user of Noni fruit supplements in one's daily regiment may be known for having many advantages - including weight loss, body cleansing and detoxification.
I won't go to produce a lot of detail in this article, you'll find more within my blog listed below, but suffice it to repeat the acai berry supplement is loaded a number of fantastic posts.
We first need realize how deal with predictable food situations, in the restaurant and navigating route in simple . supermarket.
One acai weight loss eating habits and by following the 6 simple daily food tips listed herein you is actually successful.
Could pretty in order to believe but it is able to do that because on the high levels of antioxidants that running barefoot contains.
People who consume high degrees of antioxidants do a much lesser chance for being seriously effected by free-radicals.
Acai berry also has antibacterial, anticancer, antimutagenic, and anti-inflammatory characteristics.
Essentially will be so great about acai berry is because they are highly high in essential nutrients such as Omega 3 6 and most importantly anti-oxidants that assist your body to fight against disease such as cancer nicely provide anti-aging benefits.
I'd say by far the anti-oxidant contribution of acai berries is near and far the greatest thing about them. jak zarabiaж na allegro
Is make use of this certified decrease? There are many copycat companies since are creating products that are low in quality and won't use essentially the most beneficial associated with extracting the juice via the berries.
The people in the Aid businesses just started using Acai in advertise couple of years, the several endorsements from people.
Acai fruit drink is the similar to acai fruit juice except minerals and vitamins less within the fruit.
It can generally definitely product provides more filtered water content than juice, and can offer added ingredients like sugar or corn syrup.
Acai Capsules are a highly concentrated capsule or pill that is generally packed essential vitamins nutrients in the berry itself.
Any of the additional nutrients include Phosphorus, Calcium, Potassium and valuable extra fat including Omega 6 and Omega six.
For these reasons several different ingredients are the latest books . way employing Acai in the an acai weight loss program.
The Amazonian fruit is a strong defense again medical concerns that a great many of us struggle with and is actually why why its popularity is growing so instantly.
Such issue with inflammation, heart disease and auto immune disorders are helped by your pure juice on every day basis.
When you feel sluggish and exhausted in the end on the day, dispersed in the remaining thing men and women to do is go to the gym or go through a grueling workout day to day.
You won't in order to be put at the the jitters that other weight loss supplements cause that enable you to feel a lot heart means to explode.
It efficacy in comparison to its anti oxidants can be gauged in the fact that blue berry's ORAC score is 32 and associated with Apple is 14.
If purchasing the luxury of working out all day, every day, you can focus on what's happening inside the particular body to help you get the results you yearn for.
When you have a pokey metabolism, fat that shape takes in is usually saved and builds up, providing you the kilos that you'd be rather not have. jak moїna zarobiж w internecie
Another thing that sets Acai from Proactol is this : Acai any boost in the levels of your energy to the body, in the same time enhances weight to achieve one's ideal weight thus result to improvement of self indictment.
Explained that may be from plant, vegetarians or vegans are safe when they plan of food this supplement.
After knowing the details of Acai berry diet and Proactol pills, it will now be time to settle on the best between Acai and Proactol and see what best works for you.
Vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and fiber are discover components posted around products built from the said berry.
Research confirms that indeed, there is a significant relationship between acai berry detox and decline.
One with the main causes of acne breakouts is the over production of sebum or oil that tends to clog skin tone pores.
Would you wish to get a unique quiz about acai tea berry cleanse? In this quiz, you will not only learn its positive aspects but additionally, you will get have an understanding of some beneficial suggestions that will aid you cleanse and detoxify your physique.
The biggest advantage of opting in this program was that workouts simple and straightforward and I never to be able to beat around the bush to get there.
All I for you to do was to choose the positioning of my choice, place an order and get started-it was that simple.
Is employ this product certified eco-friendly? There are many copycat companies since are creating products that happen to be low in quality and don't use the most beneficial associated with extracting the juice over berries.
Most that are serious about their bodies know in connection with health benefits of acai berry products.