Label: cheap round back dining chairs. round back dining chairs. outdoor wall water fountains. round back dining chairs for sale. brown velvet sofa. french round back dining chairs. round espresso dining table. dining room round back chair covers.
Label: cement tile flooring louisiana. cement tile floors. wrought iron wall clock. cement board for tile floor. ohana outdoor furniture. cement tile floor and backsplash. cabinet with hutch. cement tile flooring.
No need looking for any more Samantha Idol sex ebony pornstars tubes as this Sex tube pornstars sex network right here has everything that you could possibly ask for! No kidding here guys, this is like no other Amateur fuck tube videos website there has ever been as you can forget about seeing any lame cheap black porn stars videos with bad quality side, here they only bring you the best of the best when it comes to kinky ass videos and you will definitely find whatever you're after as they have thousands of videos for all sorts of tastes in niches.
Samantha Idol Sex Ebony Pornstars is an ordinary automatic adult search engine using spider script for finding free Girl black pornstars sex tube clips. We refuse owning, producing or hosting any adult videos, and all clips that you see at the site are nothing but links leading to adult content owned by other websites that are not under our control. All thumbnails are generated by the system from the Blonde porn stars films. All categories and description phrases are taken from favorite search queries entered by adult Internet users. We loath illegal pornography and are prepared to accept your requests if you face any inappropriate content and take all measures to ban and stop it. Nevertheless, we do not have any responsibility for the content on any website that our links might land you to, for phrases and categories mentioned by adult surfers.
No need looking for any more Magdalene St Michaels sex ebony fuck tubes as this Lick tube sex network right here has everything that you could possibly ask for! No kidding here guys, this is like no other Lesbian fuck tube videos website there has ever been as you can forget about seeing any lame cheap black videos with bad quality side, here they only bring you the best of the best when it comes to kinky ass videos and you will definitely find whatever you're after as they have thousands of videos for all sorts of tastes in niches.
Magdalene St Michaels Sex Ebony Fuck is an ordinary automatic adult search engine using spider script for finding free Milf black sex tube clips. We refuse owning, producing or hosting any adult videos, and all clips that you see at the site are nothing but links leading to adult content owned by other websites that are not under our control. All thumbnails are generated by the system from the Mature films. All categories and description phrases are taken from favorite search queries entered by adult Internet users. We loath illegal pornography and are prepared to accept your requests if you face any inappropriate content and take all measures to ban and stop it. Nevertheless, we do not have any responsibility for the content on any website that our links might land you to, for phrases and categories mentioned by adult surfers.
Je Joue Classic Bullet Vibrator Purple. Rechargeable vibrator. USB cord included. Small vibrator comes with a tapered end for easy insertion. Seriously powerful bullet vibrator with finger sleeve. Features: affordable. Powerful. Luxury. Quiet. Rechargeable. Waterproof for extra wet fun beyond the bedroom. Use water based lube for increased stimulation. 100% medical grade body safe Silicone. Latex free and phthalate free. Over 30 combinations. 5 speeds, 7 patterns. User friendly buttons. One hour charge = 1.30 plus playtime.
We’re premier retailer that provides high quality products and information that promotes sexual health, pleasure, and empowerment. We’re happy to provide a safe and non judgmental environment where customer can shop for sex toys. We guarantee to ship your products in full working condition. If your products are damage or defective, you will receive a full refund or store credit for your original purchased amount. All adults are welcome and no one is excluded based on identity or sexual preferences.
John hovered a table covered in pieces of lace. “[…] Don’t you think you need to take home some Brussels lace?[…]” […] “What’s stoverij?” I asked. “It’s a meat stew, a classic Flemish dish. They add a nice bit of strong beer from one of t…
Surrounded by views of water, sky and beautifully mature grounds this grand home in the historic Eagle Point Club offers a private retreat within minutes of downtown Venice. Each of the family-sized rooms open onto deep, wraparound po... more.rches that are the very definition of Key West architecture. Highlights of this custom designed and immaculately maintained home include rich wood flooring, 2-story coral stone fireplace, elevator access to all levels, open and welcoming floor plan, and full hurricane protection. So many fun pursuits are to be had here! The private boat dock has lifts for both a full-size boat and personal watercraft, the big, open kitchen is sized for the hosts to entertain and be entertained at the same time, the enormous play room just off the pool area includes a well-equipped gym and space to spare for toys, games and recreation. If you desire a workshop, that’s here too. The lofty great room plus 3 bedrooms and 2 baths occupy the main floor, while the top floor is reserved for the expansive master suite and a real office each with a private porch and expansive water views. FIRST TIME ON THE MARKET and sensibly priced for immediate occupancy. The 24-acre Eagle Point Club is directly on the shores of Roberts Bay and the Intracoastal Waterway. Founded as a resort camp by Bertha Honore Palmer in 1916 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the exclusive enclave has both vintage cottage homes and more recently built Key West designed homes, planned for privacy and nestled among old growth canopy trees and lush landscaping. Amenities include the 1920’s clubhouse and full guest house for the homeowner’s and their guests exclusive use, tennis court, and common areas that include greenways, boat house, deep-water docks and secure gated entries.
Tags: elliott wave counts us oil, elliott wave us oil, elliott wave weekly, market us oil analysis, us oil technical analisys
Lara’s Weekly: Elliott Wave and Technical Analysis of S&P500 and Gold and US Oil | Video – 9th November, 2018
* Disclosure: If you purchase a Motive Wave product via this link, you won't pay a penny more, but I'll get a small commission.
This EWG website uses cookies to ensure members and visitors get the best experience. By continuing, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. - To learn more see TOS.
A few weeks ago, we talked about IF (Intermittent Fasting). The Keto Diet (AKA Ketogenic Diet) is another way of eating that has been around for a while now, though more recently it is starting to become a bit of a craze.
Keto refers to a high-fat, adequate-protein, and low-carbohydrate diet, which forces the body to burn fats rather than carbohydrates as the primary fuel source. A ketogenic diet is/was primarily implemented to treat difficult-to-control epilepsy in children. It was first tested at a Mayo Clinic in the 1920s.
Typical keto-friendly food choices are things like seafood, low-carb vegetables (non-starchy), cheese, avocados, beef, poultry, eggs, coconut oil, olive oil, plain Greek yogurt, cottage cheese (other dairy typically has too many carbs), nuts/seeds, butter, olives, and black coffee/tea.
It can take anywhere from 2-7 days for the body to enter ketosis depending on the person. This happens when the body doesn’t have enough carbohydrates for energy and uses up the glucose storage. During ketosis, the body starts making ketones, which happens through the oxidation/burning of stored fat.
With any major diet change, there is generally an adjustment period for the body, however it does seem that this transition is a little more severe with Keto than many diets. During the first week you may experience IBS like symptoms and tiredness. The lack of quick energy from carbohydrates causes the tiredness and has been coined the “keto flu”. Other symptoms can include lightheadedness, nausea, mental fog, cramps, headaches, bad breath and diarrhea. Some of this may be due to reduced fiber and insufficient micronutrients, so it’s important to be aware that you’re doing what you can to fill those gaps.
On the plus side, people often find they can lose weight because healthy fats and lean proteins will keep you more satiated, so eating less is a natural side effect. Also, fats and protein have a higher thermic effect meaning it takes your body more energy/calories just to break the food down.
Frankly, people do often report success. Many see results on the scale rather quickly because when you eat more carbs your body retains fluid. This is one reason why weight comes off quickly with keto initially. Results can continue for a while, but it should be noted that in the vast majority cases people report not being able to stick with it long term.
Unfortunately, and similar to the “eat less and exercise more” mentality, muscle loss often accompanies the relatively quick weight loss. This can be misleading if the scale is your only source of measurement. Make sure to check with your doctor before beginning any nutrition regimen, but in particular with keto, heart and kidney damage has been observed due to low electrolyte levels (sodium, magnesium, potassium). Keto is not recommended for those with high blood pressure or diabetes. Keto can cause more calcium to be lost in the urine, which can lead to a decrease in bone density over time and increased risk of osteoporosis.
The summary: As with any way of eating, everyone is different, and results will vary depending on your body. This short-term fix may be right for some, but not everyone.
Ellipse Fitness does not endorse the Ketogenic Diet, nor do we view it as a sustainable approach to nutrition, check out these other great blog articles for more of our philosophy on how to make changes that will last you a lifetime!
"In Greece, although groups may be considered to be speaking dialects heteronomous with standard Macedonian, they do not all identify their language with their national identity. The Slavic speaking minority in Greece varies on how it describes its language - most describe it as Slavic and proclaim a Greek national identity, although there are smaller groups, some of which describe it as Macedonian and espouse an ethnic Macedonian national identity, and some who describe it as Bulgarian and espouse a Bulgarian national identity. Some prefer to identify as dopii and their dialect as dopia which mean local or indigenous in Greek."
Some Athenians hate people from Thessaloniki. Some from Thessaloniki hate people from FYROM. Some people from FYROM hate some Albanians. Some Albanians hate some Serbs. Some Serbs hate some Americans. Some Americans hate some French. Some French hate some Belgians.
Van Oort is attached to the Faculty of Theology of the University of Utrecht and is Professor of Christianity and Gnosticism at the Radboud University.
"It was known from ancient times that there had to be a Gospel of Judas. Irenaeus of Lyons spoke about it in his Adversus haereses (Against Heresies) in around 180 A.D., but his real source is Justin Martyr, and that takes us to around 140 A.D. I would guess that the Gospel of Judas would have to be dated at about 120 A.D." The original, at least. The papyri that appeared in the hands of shady dealers at the end of the last century (see photo) were probably a copy from the end of the fourth century. What is spectacular for science is that the Gospel of Judas has at last been found, or at least a part of it. Van Oort does not rule out that it involves the missing codex from the Nag Hammadi codices. What he does rule out is that Judas himself wrote it. "There is no reason whatsoever to assume that he did this. Nothing points to that."
The Gospel of Judas is a codex from the Gnostics, a movement that was denounced by the Church in the early days. "They set themselves against the established order, and thus also against the Creator. That's why Judas was their hero."
Van Oort is one of the few people who knows the contents of the Gospel of Judas, but does not want any trouble with its owner, the Swiss Maecenas Foundation." If I did, I would be killed." (KN)
In 2001 this portal first revealed the existence and the contents of the looted Judas Gospel as well as enough of the skulduggery in its recent history to make it unmarketable. The action on this portal forced the culprits who owned the long lost smuggled Gospel to restore it to its true country of origin, Egypt, and to look for other venues to capitalise on their illegally acquired treasure. This portal is used to not being credited in the media for the good work we do (a happy exception was the article on the Judas Gospel by Henk Schutten in 'Het Parool') and we take consolation and soulage in the fact that as a result of our actions this historically important document will be returned to Egypt, safe for posterity.
{Note by Roger Pearse: the translation following is of uncertain authorship: it is not by Charles Hedrick, it turns out}
It is only a first attempt to organise them, the order can easily change as more fragments become known. This translation is based on photos. These are fragments of nine pages of the Coptic codex of the fourth century AD, the Gospel of Judas. The final fragment is the clearest to identify, because it ends with the title - as is common in this kind of Coptic documents - The Gospel of Judas.
1...Be like those in this world and eat of my possessions! Take silver, gold and other things for yourself. "But Allogenes answered him: "Away from me, Satan! It is not you I search, but my Father who is raised high above all great Aeons = arches of heavens each with their own god. For I am him you call Allogenes, I am from a different family line, I am not from your family line." And then he who rules the world spoke to him …
2 (It is not clear by whom Sakla/Satan is defeated, but definitely not just by Allogenes/Jesus)… And then Sakla attacks him who liberates alone, many times. And he was not able to enslave them. After having defeated him he retrieved ashamed to his own place. Then Allogenes called out with a loud voice: Oh God, who is above the great Aeons, hear my voice, have pity on me and save me from all evil. Look down upon me and hear me, because I am in the empty lonely land. May the unspeakable enlighten me now…
7... When he has filled his times. For him, Saklas, times are limited. He comes, the first star of their family line. And those who are sent will be fulfilled. Then they will perform lewdness in my name and kill their children…
8… And he said: "why are you surprised about your star and his next lines of the aeons. There is a cry…, who is called Jesus, that are … received … he spoke to the mind. And the people … The sixth star is mistaken about our five soldiers. And they will all perish with their creations." But Judas spoke to Jesus: they will not be sedated, those who are cleansed in your name. Jesus spoke: There will be hatred … and then this cleansing…
9… received … go … they have his … bring … The Pharisees were careful and wanted to arrest him during the prayers, because they were afraid of the people. We said: he will fall into their hands as was prophesied. And they went to Judas and told him … although you are bad at this place, you are Jesus' true disciple. And he answered them as they wanted him to. And Judas received the money. And he surrendered him.
6… You shall cleanse … in sin … And they are the stars that are perfect in all respects. For so has been spoken to human kind: see, God has received your existence as servants… But the Lord has given orders over the all… they will be despised… all evil things. But you stand supreme over every one…In fact the man who carries me, is he you Judas? will scarify. Now all is your … increased and your earthly frame has died and your star has burned out and your heart is…
5… We know from where we have come and so we know where we will go and we know what we have to do with our lives." And they came and they went up a mount called Thambor = Tabor. And they threw themselves down, prayed and said: 'Oh Lord God who resides high in the great Aeons, who has no beginning and no end! Give us spiritual knowledge. Reveal us Your secret so we could receive our knowledge: where we come from, where we are going to, and what we have to do with our lives.' After these words spoken by Allogenes, he revealed himself…
3… And when I said this, see, a cloud of light surrounded me. I could do nothing, I was enclosed in the light surrounding and shining on the cloud. And I heard a word out of the cloud and the light. And the light shone upon me and said: Oh Allogenes! Your pleas are heard and I am being sent to you in this location to go and spread the Glad Tidings. But you have not found an escape from this prison yet…
4… is destroyed, because of the big family line = Allogenes = Jesus has risen above. He said: 'in the beginning of … and from the angels existed this line in the aeons. They said: raise you eyes to the clouds and to the light that surrounds the cloud and to the beauty that surrounds it and to the stars that exist as pre-mirror image. He is our star.
But Judas saw the cloud of light and went to those who were standing underneath. They heard a voice coming out of the cloud.
AMSTERDAM - About 1800 years after its ban by the Church because of its 'blasphemous' content, the Gospel of Judas has been made public again. A Swiss foundation discovered a copy of the forbidden gospel and is currently working on a translation.
This Saturday the Parool is the first to publish a couple of fragments from the Gospel, consisting of a dialogue between Judas Iscariot and Jesus.
It is one of the oldest Christian documents discovered so far according to Mario Roberty, the president of the Swiss Maecenas Foundation who currently owns them. He says that the content of the Gospel is 'explosive' as Judas is portrayed as a hero, not a betrayer.
in the fifties or sixties of last century and smuggled out of the country. "But the price was too high and moreover no one knew that it was about the Gospel of Judas."For twenty years the manuscript had been in an American safe. Roberty: "It was in a terrible state when we laid hands on it. Pages were stuck together or had fallen apart. A team of scientists is busy piecing all the bits back together."
Scientists are really excited about this find. The American coptologist Stephen Emmel calls it 'a very exceptional find', which will cause a lot of commotion. "From an historical point of view this find is as important as the Nag Hammadi-writings half a century ago. Everything points to the Gospel referred by Prelate Irenaeus in the second century AD."
Emeritus Professor Gilles Quispel who discovered the Gospel of Thomas calls this discovery also of 'great historical importance'. "For scientists all Gospels are equal."
Why did one of the most important archaeological discoveries of the century remain hidden for such a long time? Almost two thousand years the 'blasphemous' Gospel of Judas was banned by the Church. Until the seventies of last century when Egyptian farmers accidentally found a copy in a cave. But even long afterwards nobody dared to get their fingers burned by the manuscript. "Forget the Da Vinci code, this is the real thing!"
It was soon clear that the manuscripts that Stephen Emmel laid eyes on in 1983 in a dark and grotty hotelroom in Geneva were of exceptional historical value. "The documents wrapped in old newspaper were packed in three shoe boxes," Emmel remembers very well, "the authenticity was beyond doubt, but they were in a bad state. I did not dare to turn the pages out of fear for damaging them.
Emmel, a leading American coptologist and the German papyrologist Ludwig Koenen was sent from Dallas to Geneva by the Southern Methodist University to have a look at manuscripts that were offered for sale by shadowy merchants. There was no time for a serious investigation. "We got half an hour to look at the documents. We could not take pictures and even jotting down a few notes was not allowed. We would have found out a lot more, if given more time, adequate lighting and the correct equipment."
The two manuscripts merchants, a Greek and an Egyptian did not introduce themselves. "The meeting was extremely secretive," explained Emmel, "the manuscripts were smuggled out of Egypt, so much was clear. Questions about the origin were not appreciated." The two merchants said that the documents were found in the neighbourhood of the Egyptian village Beni Masar, right next to the current Behnasa. Emmel: "It was not clear how believable that was."
It was obvious however that the Greek and the Egyptian barely realised what they had in their hands. Emmel: "They were not experts. They believed that there were three manuscripts, but there were actually four. After a quick listing, we learned that they dated from about the fourth or the fifth century AD. Two manuscripts, a translation of the Book of Exodus and a mathematical essay, were written in Greek. They were packed in separate boxes just like some of letters of Paul the Disciple also written in Coptic (old Egyptian).
But the most interesting discovery scattered over all three boxes were three different texts, including one completely unknown gospel. "We could not identify the author. Here and there we managed to decipher the name Judas, but it was not clear which one. I supposed it was Judas the Disciple, who was later referred to by the name of Judas Thomas. A mistake as proved later on."
The author of this gospel was Gnostic as was clear from the text. This religious doctrine made rapid progress in the first few centuries of Christianity and deems intellectual understanding inferior to self-knowledge, often obtained by revelations. The Gnostics believed furthermore that man is divine in his deepest inner self, a conviction that made them mortal enemies of the Catholic Church.
Emmel suspected that the pages, about thirty to fifteen centimetres, were in reasonably good condition. "They were held together by a leather strap and the edges should have been intact back then. Its owners have not cared much for the find. Only half of the strap and part of the probable cover had been preserved and there were holes and tears in the pages."
The manuscript was far from complete and that made matters worse. Emmel: "The numbers of the pages went up to sixty, while most papyrus-codices are at least twice as big. I suspected half of the manuscript to be missing."
The negotiations were a complete failure. The two merchants asked three million dollar for the whole collection. Anything less was not negotiable, because they already lowered their price with seven million, so they said. Purchase of individual parts was out of the question as well. Emmel: "Negotiations ended there. Such amounts were far out of reach of a university budget."
Emmel did nevertheless advise his commissioners to try anything to obtain the Gnostic codex, because it would be destroyed completely otherwise. On May 15th, 1983 he wrote in his report: "As long as it remains in the hands of its current owners, there is a considerable risk at further deterioration. Such a unique copy needs to be owned by a library or a museum as soon as possible, to restore, publish and conserve it." His cry for help remained unanswered. Emmel remembers that at the beginning of the nineties the manuscripts were offered for sale to papyrologist James Robinson, director of the Californian Institute of Antiquity and Christianity. "Robinson asked me to accompany him to New York where the documents were held in a safe. The sellers never showed. He did not want to leave Egypt because of the Gulf War."
Then, all went quiet. Emmel feared the worst, until he attended a Coptologist conference in Paris last year in July. Rodolphe Kasser, a Swiss Professor announced during his twenty minute lecture that he was translating the Gospel of Judas and caused great commotion amongst the scientists present. Emmel: "His description made me realise immediately that it was the same manuscript I saw in 1983.
The complete manuscript counted sixty two pages according to Kasser. Half of them consisted of the Gospel of Judas. It is most possibly a copy of the original text of the year 150, the same period when the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John were also written down. Kasser did not want to reveal anything more. He referred to the owner of the manuscript, the Basel-based Maecenas Foundation ran by the lawyer Mario Roberty. Religious historians already knew of the existence of the Gospel of Judas. The Prelate Irenaeus appointed as Bishop of Lyon in 178 already warned against the 'blasphemous' works in his writings Adversus Haereses or 'Against Heresy', in which he 'disproves and exposes' the 'false' doctrine of the Gnostics.
Followers of the Gospel of Judas were Kainites, an early Christian sect, according to Irenaeus. In part I of his 'Against Heresy', paragraph 31.1 he wrote: '(Some) stated that Cain owes his existence to the highest power, while Esau, Korak, the Sodomites and all other men are dependants of each other. (..) They believe that Judas the Betrayer was fully informed of these things and that only he understanding the truth like no one else fulfilled the secret of betrayal that confused all things, both in heaven and on earth. They invented their own history called the Gospel of Judas.'
The big question is why this manuscript remained hidden for such a long time after it was discovered. Almost no one wanted to get their fingers burned according to Bruce Ferrini, an art dealer of Akron, Ohio. He himself was offered the documents in 2000 by Frieda Tchakos a gallery owner in Geneva who bought the materials the year prior to that. Before that Tchakos offered the manuscript to the famous Beinecke Library of the Yale University, but they declined the offer after long negotiations. Ferrini: "It was not the authenticity; every one was convinced that the manuscript was real."
The problem was the 'bad provenance', its obscure origin. Tchakos and Roberty told Ferrini that farmers discovered the books in the mid-seventies in a stone box in Megaga, Upper-Egypt. But others heard that the documents were already found in 1947. The place of discovery was al-Minya in Middle-Egypt.
Ferrini: "Frieda told me that the documents were obtained by a Greek trader, Nikolas Koutoulakis who had supposedly stolen them from Hannah, an Egyptian Jeweller. Koutoulakis smuggled them into Geneva. Frieda alleges that Hannah followed him by travelling to Geneva to reclaim the documents. A Coptic priest would have accompanied Hannah afterwards to New York where the documents were held in a safe in Hicksville's Citibank. They remained there till the end of nineties when they were purchased by Frieda."
Ferrini suspects that in the meantime several single pages of the manuscript were put on the market. "When I saw the work for the first time in 1999, only 25 pages remained intact, so at least half of them were missing. I cannot be absolutely sure if the manuscript was found incomplete or if its writing was never finished. But from time to time new pages would appear. Five or six different documents in total without page numbers, it was just a mess." Ferrini hesitated for a long time. He signed the deal, but then refrained from purchasing. "Frieda and Roberty could not provide him with any clear indication about its origin. We didn't buy the manuscript, because we didn't buy their story."
Tchakos and Roberty decided to end their efforts to sell the manuscript and placed it with a foundation, the Maecenas Foundation for them to negotiate in peace and quiet with the Egyptian government how to return the documents.
They were unpleasantly surprised when in January 2001 Michel van Rijn, a Dutch art dealer was the first to mention the 'priceless historical documents on his website, to be only comparable to the discovery of the Nag Hammadi-writings and the Dead Sea Scrolls in Qumran about half a century ago. Van Rijn warned dealers not to take any risks given the sinister origin: 'You buy? You touch? You will be prosecuted!'
The Maecenas Foundation does not want to reveal the prices of the purchase. But the London antique dealer who acted on behalf of Frieda Tchakos claims that she did not pay more than 300,000 dollar for the documents. "Next to nothing", says Michel Van Rijn, "this manuscript is unique, priceless. The fact that it is the Gospel of Judas that has been forbidden by the Church for centuries, makes it of interest to the general public. This is material for books and films, forget the Da Vinci Code, this is the real work!"
Stephen Emmel, coptologist, talks about an 'unusual find' that will cause a lot of commotion. "From an historical point of view this find is as important as the Nag Hammadi-writings discovered half a century ago. Everything tells us that we are dealing with the Gospel of Judas referred to by Irenaeus in the second century AD. It is fantastic that something like that re-appears after 1800 years."
But Emmel calls it 'shameful' that a document of this importance remained hidden for such a long time after its discovery: "Every one with a little Greek or Coptic knowledge was able to recognise the words 'Gospel of Judas'. But the people who had it were only after money. That is why the manuscript suffered great damage and many important parts were missing. But publishing it finally will be a good thing.
"Explosive," that is the only comment made about the content of the Gospel of Judas by Mario Roberty, president of the Maecenas Foundation. "First we assumed the document to be fourth or fifth century. But research proved that this is one of the earliest documents of Early Christianity. That is what makes this discovery so exceptional."
Roberty does not rule out at all that the Vatican owns a copy of their own all this time, securely locked away. "In those days the Church decided for political reasons to include the Gospels of Luke, Marc, Matthew and John in the Bible. The other gospels were banned. It is highly logical that the Catholic Church would have kept a copy of the forbidden gospels. Sadly, the Vatican does not want to clarify further. Their policy has been the same for years: "No further comment."
Roberty hopes passionately that one day another copy of the Gospel of Judas will turn up, because the copy as owned by the Maecenas Foundation is only 65 to 70 percent complete. "We assume that some fragments are still wondering around on the market here and there, but I am afraid that a quarter of the manuscript has been lost for ever."
Roberty was actually going to publish the translation of the Gospel of Judas at the end of this year, but that has been postponed till Easter of next year. The research proved to be more extensive than expected. "When we obtained the manuscript, it had been in a safe for twenty years. It looked terrible. Pages were stuck together or had fallen apart. A team of scientists is busy to piece the bits back together. It is a giant puzzle." Roberty says they are still in the dark about the origin of the manuscript. "It originated from an Egyptian dealer in Cairo and Egyptian people just are wonderful storytellers. They will tell you exactly what you want to hear. For the time being we assume that the manuscripts were found in the fifties or sixties of last century, most probably in the environment of al-Minya, in Middle-Egypt, taking into account at least the dialect in which the gospel is written.
When his client Frieda Tchakos bought the documents in 1999, she had no idea at all that the Gospel of Judas was part of it. That explains according to Roberty why the manuscript remained hidden for such a long time. "The asking price for the documents was way too high and no one knew that it was the Gospel of Judas." The problems have been solved in the meantime. "After concluding the research, everything will be returned to Egypt. The work belongs there and they will be conserved in the best way." That was the reason also according to him to place the Gospel of Judas in a foundation.
"This work is so important that it just cannot end up in hands of a private dealer. The Gospel of Judas belongs to every one interested in Early Christianity."
At the end of last year Michel van Rijn announced through his website spectacular revelations about the Gospel of Judas. He was arrested a month later. His three main competitors on the market for stolen cultural inheritance, seemed to have joined together.
Upon arrival at the Basel airport on Wednesday afternoon of January 19th, Michel van Rijn was to his utmost astonishment handcuffed by the Swiss police. "The aircraft barely landed and there was the whole circus waiting for me, not at customs, but outside the aircraft. I was pushed into a room and stripped. I did not have a clue as to why I was arrested until some one started shouting at me 'Where is the ring?'. Then I understood who was behind this."
Van Rijn travelled to Switzerland upon invitation of Mario Roberty, the Swiss president of the Maecenas foundation and owner of the Gospel of Judas in 2000. But as solicitor Roberty also acts in the interests of several key-players on the black market of stolen art, such as Ali and Hicham Aboutaam, two brothers who have been convicted both in Egypt and in the United States of trade in stolen art. Van Rijn warned on his website against the practises of the brothers
Aboutaam who became the biggest robbers of protected cultural heritage in the world. The website started out years ago as a joke. Once involved 'in ninety percent of all art smuggling operations in the world' according to Scotland Yard, van Rijn wanted to combat the hypocrisy in the art world using the Internet. Successfully, because his disclosures led to arrests, convictions and - most of all - a lot of damaged reputations. Roberto had also been a scapegoat for years on Van Rijn's website.
But lately they settled their disagreements. Van Rijn even conducted some research for the Maecenas foundation regarding the missing fragments of the Gospel of Judas, and successfully so he said. "Roberto offered me to act as project consultant," says Van Rijn: "I was offered 50,000 pound and a share in the foundation. My name would also be mentioned as one of the discoverers of the manuscript."
It was Roberto who invited Van Rijn for a reconciliation meeting in Geneva with Ali Aboutaam. Van Rijn was not unwilling to accept. "I thought: listening would do no harm. Due to all the threats I live in a heavily protected house in Chelsea and was just granted custody for my two little sons." Roberty also mentioned that Van Rijn could potentially still do business in Switzerland with his customer Frieda Tchacos who bought the Gospel of Judas five years ago on the black market. According to him, Tchakos was interested in Van Rijn's collection of Byzantine jewellery. "Roberto specifically asked me to bring a Byzantine ring as Frieda had showed interest in it.
When I asked him how to take it with me, he replied: 'Just wear it!' But I know what Swiss customs are like and decided just to take pictures.
So when the Swiss customs seemed to be looking for a ring after arresting me, I knew instantly that Roberto was behind this." Van Rijn was deported to Geneva in an arrest van. His cell was not much bigger than the mattress he slept on. He did not get to speak to a lawyer. "This is not funny when you are 54 and responsible for two children. But I also feared for my life in prison. It is not difficult for people such as the Aboutaams, who already explicitly threatened to kill me once, to have me killed in the nick."
It was only when Van Rijn was heard by the Swiss judge, that is became clear what the charges were. A London dealer, Freddie Ibrahim, seemed to have made a statement that Van Rijn was willing to delete all unwelcome articles about Ali Aboutaam on his website in exchange for 150,000 dollar. A clear case of blackmail according to Aboutaam who was attending the hearing accompanied by three lawyers. The Swiss judge was not impressed by this charge. She asked if this was the only charge. Van Rijn: "To my astonishment one of Aboutaam's lawyers replied: did you not receive the documents from the US?" These incriminating documents from America had been faxed exactly one day after the arrest of Van Rijn by the lawyer of the American billionaire James Ferrell, the by one biggest gas magnate in the US with whom Van Rijn has not been on good terms for a while. Van Rijn: "Ferrell is known worldwide as biggest buyer of stolen antiquities. He is Aboutaam's biggest customer and is involved with Hezbollah. The money he earned with art smuggling finances weapons for terrorist attacks." Van Rijn feared the worst when he heard that the American billionaire was involved in his trial. "Ferrell was conspiring with the Aboutaams, two convicted criminals, and Roberty to charge me. Then I was convinced I had to start worrying." Mario Roberty was called as a witness a day later. Roberty gave evidence and confirmed that Van Rijn's website is 'in principal' used for blackmail. "My e-mail to Roberty asking him for my 50,000 pound, was added to the incriminating evidence. But that was the amount Roberty promised me for my research for the Gospel of Judas!" Eventually Van Rijn was released just with the fear for his life. The Swiss judge ruled the evidence to be too weak. The charges were dropped and he could return to his London home. In the meantime Van Rijn has a statement signed by Freddie Ibrahim in which the latter denies to have said that Van Rijn would have demanded $150,000 in blackmail from Ali Aboutaam. Ibrahim's signature had been forged by Aboutaam's solicitors. Van Rijn started a damage claim against Aboutaam. He does realise that he made a close escape: "Napoleonic law is applied in Switzerland. You need to prove that you are innocent. But once in the paper mill, that can take weeks, if not months."
It was obvious last year how powerful his opponents were when his website survived a digital bombardment. A so-called Denial or Service-Attack is when a website gets overloaded by too many unknown requests of the web pages. Tiscali, Van Rijn's provider, successfully beat off the attack. The hackers remained untraceable although they threatened in an anonymous e-mail to use heavier tools.
Six months later there was a new attack, and successfully this time. The site www.michelvanrijn.com was from one moment to the next nowhere to be found. First it was thought to be a technical problem, but soon it was clear that all information was very curiously wiped from the net. The hackers did not leave anything to chance as they also snatched away the alternate domains such as www.michelvanrijn.org and www.michelvanrijn.net right in front of him. Everything points to a digital attack from the United States. Shortly before that a court in Ohio ruled for Van Rijn to delete all accusations from his website that are addressed at gas magnate James Ferrell. It is not clear why his opponents choose this very moment to combine forces against him. Was it the recent conviction of the brothers Aboutaam or the accusation that Ferrell was working together with terrorists? Or was the announcement of new revelations about the Gospel of Judas that Van Rijn was planning the final straw? Van Rijn could only guess his opponents' motives, but he is convinced that Mario Roberty is the evil genius in this conspiracy. "Roberty scored a hat trick. With me in prison the hunt was open and his customers got a short break."
The arrest in Switzerland has significantly increased his lawyer bills after he had already lost half a million in the United States. But Van Rijn refuses to be muzzled, despite the devastating American conviction in the case against Ferrell, two unparalleled digital bombardments and a stay in a Swiss cell for almost a week.
"I love art, I learned it at my mother's knee. But the art world is full of criminal dealers, corrupt experts and lemming like certificate sellers. There is hardly any inspection because the authorities have a lack of knowledge. Some one needs to bring these false pretences to light. Of course I will continue with my website."
Mario Roberty confirms that Michel van Rijn did some work for the Maecenas Foundation. "Van Rijn would provide us with further information about the lost fragments of the Gospel of Judas. He received a payment of 50,000 pounds." He venomously denies that he set Van Rijn up. "That is absolute bullshit. I have indeed invited Van Rijn for a meeting with my client Ali Aboutaam. It was a big shock to me that Van Rijn was arrested upon arrival in Switzerland. I feel betrayed by Aboutaam and have broken all ties with him ever since."
"Here it is indeed; Gospel of Judas, at the very end, as was customary in those days," Gilles Quispel nods approvingly, while carefully studying the pictures of the manuscripts one by one.
"And judging by its content, it is clearly a Gnostic document. There is a reference to Allogenes, also called Seth, the third son of Adam and Eve. In Jewish gnosis Seth is viewed as the Saviour." In many old documents from the first years of Christianity references to the Gospel of Judas can be found, says Quispel. But after being banned by the Church, the manuscript seemed to have disappeared from the face of the earth. Not surprising, according to Quispel: "Gnosis is the most persecuted religion in the world. Followers were put to death by the Catholic Church. He who possessed the manuscript risked his life. Religious historians assume that the Gospel of Judas has been written in the same period as the canonical gospels of Mark, Matthew, Luke and John. Because the Judas-manuscript is written in Coptic - the last stage of Old-Egyptian - it is assumed that this is a copy translated from Greek from the original text presumably from the first or second century. Is the Gospel written by Judas, that is a difficult question to answer for Quispel. "I doubt it very much. But you can never entirely exclude this option." An obvious conclusion is that this text is from an Early-Christian Sect, called the Kainite. The Prelate Irenaeus appointed to Bishop of Lyon in 178 warned against this movement in his writings Adversus Haereses or 'Against Heresy'. It is typical that the sect was called after Cain, the son of Adam who killed his brother, says Quispel, "Gnostics are adverse, and they choose the rejected." The term 'Gnostic' stems from the Greek word knowledge and its doctrine views the own religious experience as higher than accumulating intellectual knowledge. Gnostics believed that men were one with the divine in his most inner self, an intolerable thought for the Catholic Church.
Till middle of last century what was known about old Gnostics was mainly based on documents of the Catholic Church that fought the doctrine with fire and brimstone. This changed when in 1945 farmers found an urn in Nag Hammadi in Upper-Egypt containing 12 books - or codices, written on papyrus and held together with a leather strap. The Nag Hammadi Codices consist of 52 documents, most of them with Gnostic intent. The most famous document out this collection, the Gospel of Thomas was purchased by Professor Quist in 1952.
Just like the Gospel of Judas, the Nag Hammadi-documents ended up in the hands of money hungry art dealers, amongst which a Belgian dealer. Promoted because of the documents of the ecclesiastic inquisitor Tertullianus, Quistel wrote to several sponsors when he heard of the discovery. With a cheque for 35,000 Swiss Francs in his pocket he finally got on the train to Brussels on May 10th, 1952. "A mere trifle, even in those days, but I did return to the Netherlands with the manuscript. Nowadays, these documents would be worth four to five million dollars." Quispel does not exclude that the Gospel of Judas has the same origin as the Nag Hammadi-documents. He remembers how in 1955 he visited Tano, a Cypriot dealer in Cairo with a large number of documents, upon request of Queen Juliana who showed a lot of interest in the Gnostics. "The Egyptian authorities seized Tano's collection, but he wrote to me later on that he left for Geneva to offer some documents for sale that he was able to smuggle out of Egypt to Martin Bodmer, a rich Swiss.
It would not surprise Quispel that the Gospel of Judas fell into the hands of Bodmer through the same Phokion Tano.
"Bodmer placed the documents in a Swiss foundation named after him. He hired a Swiss minister who taught himself Coptic to translate it. This minister, Rodolphe Kasser, is the man who is finalising the translation of the Gospel of Judas."
The Nag Hammadi-documents have been returned to their country of origin and are now placed in the Coptic Museum in Cairo. "Bodmer had to return his documents. They were smuggled. That is theft. Even the hypocritical Swiss have to stay within the law."
If the Gospel of Judas will shed new light on the live of Jesus, as was the case with the Gospel of Thomas, needs to be seen. Quist doubts it. "The big question is if the Judas story of the bible is correct. It is purely hypothetical, but I believe it is. Jesus rode into Jerusalem on Palm Sunday, while people chanted Hosanna, meaning 'save us from the Romans'. But instead of going to the palace of the Roman Governor, Pontius Pilot, as Judas expected, he went to the temple to clear it from the money changers. Judas understood that Jesus was a religious reformer and did not intend to replace the reign of the Romans by a theocracy. Because of that disappointment it is very possible that Judas went to the Pharisees to betray Jesus for 30 pieces of silver." Scientifically on the other hand, the discovery of the Gospel of Judas is of big historic importance, stated Quispel. "For scientists all gospels are equal. We do not differentiate between true and false.
After 2,000 years of being both hidden and forbidden, the blasphemous Gospel of Judas makes its long-awaited comeback on THIS PORTAL.
Although present 'owner'-Zurich-based Frieda Nussberger Tchakos - struck a deal with the Egyptian government, under which she was absolved of looting that nation clean. But, unlike Judas, she held out for a bit more than 30 pieces of silver. After all, Frieda was one of Tarek El-Sweissi's principal dealers, the latter, of course, sweating in a hot Egyptian cell for the next 30 years.
Your gospelslinger tracked the smuggling trail all the way up to Antwerpen, where a new museum is destined to house tonnes of smuggled Coptic textiles, courtesy of none other than the sultry Frieda herself.
Don't blame your inkslinger if I don't reveal all at once. More revelations always follow Gospels, don't they?
"Then one of the twelve, called Judas Iscariot, went unto the chief priests, and said unto them, 'What will ye give me, and I will deliver Him unto you?' And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver."
St. Irenaeus, Bishop of Lugdunum (Lyon) and leading Christian theologian of the 2nd century (c. 135-200 AD), was the only recorded person to lay eyes on the Gospel of Judas. In his book Adversus haereses (Against Heresies), written in about 180, he discussed the Gospel of Judas in section I.31.1:
[Some] declare that Cain derived his being from the Power above, and acknowledge that Esau, Korah, the Sodomites, and all such persons, are related to themselves. On this account, they add, they have been assailed by the Creator, yet no one of them has suffered injury. For Sophia was in the habit of carrying off that which belonged to her from them to herself. They declare that Judas the traitor was thoroughly acquainted with these things, and that he alone, knowing the truth as no others did, accomplished the mystery of the betrayal; by him all things, both earthly and heavenly, were thus thrown into confusion. They produce a fictitious history of this kind, which they style the Gospel of Judas.
Thanks to shady antiquities smugglers, a Coptic manuscript, written in Sahidic and dating back to the fourth or fifth century, has mysteriously reappeared, rather damaged and in poor and fragmentary conditions. Found in Megaga, Upper Egypt (present-day Behnasa), and brought to a Coptic jeweller in the late 1970s, it is now in the possession of a 'Swiss Foundation', aka Frieda Nussberger Tchakos. Presided over by Basel-based ambulance-chaser Mario Jean Roberty, those currently with their grubby little hands on it claim that the Gospel hails from Muhazafat Al Minya, in Middle Egypt. They await its publication (with, of course, full transcription) from Frieda's payrolled Rodolphe 'Cash' Kasse (oops, I mean Kasser).
NB: Rodolphe is not to be confused with the red-nosed reindeer. This one's as brown-nosed as they come.
Cash-&-Kasser is hoping to publish the manuscript, which contains three "treatises": (1) the Epistle of Peter to Philip, (2) the First Apocalypse of James and (3) the 31 folios of the previously unknown Gospel of Judas!
Don't worry, dahlink Lacuna Megaga-ists, we've got revelations of our own about the Judas Gospel and excerpts to publish first. Jesus would be turning in his grave, if he were still in it.
Egyptian jeweller Hanna received a stone box from a man who thought he'd come across something big. What he found was unbelievably huge: inside that box was the Gospel of Judas. Hanna hunted around for possible buyers, quite aware of its value, demanding US$3 million for it. Finally, Geneva-based Greek dealer Nikolas Koutoulakis sent his girlfriend Mia (or was it Effy?) to scope out the situation. Working behind her lover's back, she struck a private deal with Hanna, but too late. The Sneaky Greeky was leagues ahead of his two-timing wench of a girl, and robbed Hanna's home of all manuscripts including the pages of Judas's glory.
He then smuggled them to Geneva, where they were offered for $3,000,000. In the madness of smuggling, theft and deception of sex and religion, Mia had ended up stealing a few of the pages. In the interim, Koutoulakis showed his papyri to fellow Greek antiquities dealer Frieda Tchakos, who was based in Zurich. This was in 1982.
Hanna ended up once again with the manuscript, after having threatened the Sneaky Greeky's life. In 1990 Hanna tried to sell it to Norwegian art collector Martin Schoyen...
[Note April 2006: James M. Robinson has since revealed that this was a rescue attempt by himself, with the help of Martin Schoyen]
[Extract of image of fax of 11.9.2000 from Martin Schøyen to Bruce Ferrini concerning events at that time. Appears by permission -- RP.]
William Brashear, Egyptian Museum, Berlin, answered in a letter of 15. Oct. 1990 concerning the Mathematical text (abt. 12 leaves): Mathematics of a type well known, practical geometry, similar to the Chester Beatty ones, nothing spectacular new....:
.... You should check whether everything is still present; (2 binding covers/spine, abt 12 ff Mathematical (distinctive cursive script) and letters of Paul (part of Colossians, 1st Thessalonians and Hebrews). ...
... then once again to New York book-dealer Krauss. But the real buyer turned out to be Frieda, who 're-discovered' the document and worked out a deal.
In the summer of 1999, Frieda had come across some stolen papyrus that she thought to be Mia's. She then travelled to Cairo in November, where she discussed the purchase of the full manuscript with Hanna. Hanna had put the Gospel in a rusty safe-deposit box in a Citibank in Hicksville, New York. She flew out to see it and purchased it soon after for an unknown sum.
She then met up with religious scholars from Yale University, who were keen on buying the manuscript. But because academic lawyers advised against purchasing a smuggled document, Professor Babcock, the man in charge, was left without the precious folios and promotion.
Dahlink Gladiators, this weekend National Geographic will film and photograph the Gospel's fragmentary pages in a vault in Switzerland. But of what value is their 'world exclusive' if they are unaware of the diggers, smugglers, art-dealers, governments and bankers alike are backstabbing one other for ownership of the Gospel.
Here at this very portal, we bring you the whole background story. Two world-famous professors are presently working on the miraculously surfaced Gospel of Judas in a nail-biting neck-to-neck race to be the first to publish it. Rodolphe the Brown-Nosed Kasser, Coptic Scholar in Geneva, Switzerland, is in the midst of a fistfight with Charles Hedrick, Distinguished Professor of Religious Studies at Southwest Missouri State University.
Luckily enough, Professor Hedrick gave us permission to go public with his notes and translations! [click on small images for full size]
Zurich based dealer Frieda (Nussberger) Chakos, owner of the prestigious Gallery Nefer is up to her old tricks again. Although she solemnly promised, after being exposed on my website, to return the illegally acquired, historically invaluable Gospel of Judas to Egypt, she is presently negotiating a possible sale to a US manuscript dealer. We are on the job as usual and will keep you posted. If Frieda will go forward, we will also dive into her past sales and rip the last bits of her already miserable reputation to pieces. The manuscript was dug up at near Nag Hamadi, then illegally exported from Egypt and illegally imported in the US, where Frieda acquired it. Joint owner Mario Roberty, a Basel-based lawyer, will automatically get his day in Van Rijn's court as this ambulance-chaser deserves special treatment.
We normally check all the details past to us by informants, but in this case the reality only came out recently after further investigation. As the dealings with [Basel-based lawyer Mario] Roberty unfolded I was confronted by an even increasingly less attractive picture of his activities. Due to his part ownership of the Gospel, his position as a source of reliable information became untenable, due to the conflict of interests.
The Gospel of Judas was 'stolen' in Egypt in the late seventies by infamous art dealer Nico Koutolakis from Egyptian based owner, Mr. Hanna. Koutolakis smuggled it to Geneva. After Hanna and Koutolakis worked out their differences, the gospel was send to a cousin of Hanna in NY, without declaring it at customs. It was deposited in a NY bank vault, where Frieda Chakos bought it. As a bonus for the Egyptian authorities: In our next update we deal with the complete Egyptian background of the Gospel. If the present owners will not donate it back to your country, I will make sure you can go and get it!
BTW, The Gospel of Judas is safely returned to Switzerland and not longer in the claws of our multi talented 'Bruce on the Loose'!
For some years a small clique of scholars and dealers have known the existence of a group of papyri of remarkable content. The rumours were finally proved! The Gospel of Judas unfortunately fell victim in the claws of the 'multi-talented' manuscript dealer, Bruce P. Ferrini.
Last fall, Zurich based antiques dealer F.T.-N. entrusts priceless papyrus manuscripts which had been in a Bank vault in New York for almost 20 years to the "safe" facilities of Akron/Ohio based manuscript dealer Bruce P. Ferrini. The dealer is approached by Ferrini through a middleman and doesn't have a clue that by this time Ferrini is already in deep financial troubles. The news had not hit the papers yet. Ferrini takes advantage of the secrecy of the art-market and offers to help F.T.-N. 'in preserving these manuscripts for the benefit of mankind'...
containing the lost 'Gospel of Judas' known from history only through Saint Irenaeus (c. 140-202 AD), Bishop of Lyon, the "First Apocalypse of James" and the "Epistle of Peter to Philip"
All these manuscripts are priceless historical documents, only comparable to major finds like the Nag Hammadi Library or the Dead-See Scrolls from Qumran. They belong to mankind and shall be publicly preserved and studied. For this purpose, F.T.-N. has set up a public foundation to which these manuscripts have been donated. But Ferrini wants to turn them into money for the satisfaction of his greedy ambitions and has therefore spirited the manuscripts away, to Japan. Legal proceedings and criminal persecution are under way. [...]
All of this comes from a number of articles on the web site of Michel van Rijn, who monitors the art market. His site is http://www.michelvanrijn.nl/artnews/artnws.htm. A search for 'Gospel of Judas' reveals other details of the negotations:
279 299 339 369 379 399 409 419 459 489 499 519 539 549 559 569 599 609 649 709 749 759 799 899 929 949 999 1079 1099 1139 1159 1199 1369 1509 1579 1615 1709 2299 2508 2929 3160
_ play ae cycle create side judge look art star hole portrait think swim maelstrom cage motion image break logo life rail [] &
We take your security and privacy very seriously. We do not keep or store Credit/Debit card details once they have been processed
Focus Features has released the poster and new images for Paul Weitz‘ dramedy Being Flynn. Paul Dano stars as a young writer who takes in his estranged father (Robert De Niro) when he finds him at a homeless shelter. The film is based on Nick Flynn‘s memoir Another Bullshit Night in Suck City, and also stars Julianne Moore, Lily Taylor, and Olivia Thirlby.
Being Flynn is the new dramatic feature from Academy Award-nominated writer/director Paul Weitz (About a Boy). Adapted from Nick Flynn’s 2004 memoir Another Bulls—t Night in Suck City, the movie explores bonds both unbreakable and fragile between parent and child.
Nick Flynn (portrayed in the film by Paul Dano of Little Miss Sunshine and There Will Be Blood) is a young writer seeking to define himself. He misses his late mother, Jody (four-time Academy Award nominee Julianne Moore), and her loving nature. But his father, Jonathan, is not even a memory, as Nick has not seen the man in 18 years.
Jonathan Flynn (two-time Academy Award winner Robert De Niro) has long defined himself as a great writer, “a master storyteller.” After abandoning his wife and child, Jonathan scrapes through life on his own terms. Despite the occasional grandiose letter to his son, he has remained absent from Nick’s life.
Suddenly facing eviction from his apartment, Jonathan impulsively reaches out to Nick and the two come face-to-face.
Evocatively told, ruefully funny, and moving in its depiction of the ties that bind, Being Flynn tells a story that reveals universal truths.
Paramount has signed Chuck star Yvonne Strahovski to star opposite Seth Rogen and Barbra Streisand in My Mother’s Curse. The story revolves around “an inventor (Rogen) who invites his mother (Streisand) on a cross-country trip as he tries to sell his new product while also reuniting her with a lost love.” According to THR, Strahovski will play the high school sweetheart that Rogen’s character once proposed to. Anne Fletcher (The Proposal) will direct from a script by Dan Fogelman (Tangled), based on his own experience traveling with Mrs. Fogelman.
NBC just renewed Chuck for a fifth and final season. If there is any justice, the careers of Strahovski and Zachary Levi will be sufficiently launched by the end of the series. The Aussie actress will make her Hollywood feature debut opposite Jason Statham, Robert De Niro, and Clive Owen in The Killer Elite.
greece is famous for its multitude of spectacular islands scattered all around the world. as well as the capital, you can also take short breaks abroad on the mainland, such as the peaceful peninsula of halkidiki. you stay in a stylish boutique overlooking the picturesque toroneos bay, home to some of the most beautiful beaches in greece. visit citrusholidays.co.uk and book your island holidays an
startups is the new trend today, infact many add up to the list everyday which makes it the new business style. undoubtedly they are helpful to deal with several problems like app development, content marketing, cover designs, etc. you can contact these startups at any point of time and they are humble enough to provide you with the best possible services. but it is very important to pick up the b
new 3-tone hoop earrings indian jewelry mall is a wholesaler and importer of gold plated jewelry, oro laminado in los angeles. we have product range of 18k, 14k, gold and silver plated jewelry our products includes wholesale gold plated watches,wholesale gold plated bangles, wholesale gold plated earrings, wholesale gold plated necklace, wholesale gold plated pendants,gold plated bangles, made i
when you purchase office 365 oversaw administrations from houston, you get every minute of every day access to a group of specialists who are focused on keeping you up and running. no other oversaw facilitating specialist organization knows microsoft items superior to different administrations. to hire our services,ping at houston 877-580-3738,tx - 77042. visit : http://https://www.teksupportsqu
hire our skilled e-commerce website developer in usa for online store development. sinelogix is an website design and development services in bangalore last 9 years, we are specializes in providing custom ecommerce website design and development. we offer professional service at affordable price. . for more information visit us at: https://www.sinelogix.com/services/ecommerce-website-development.
yes, it’s no miracle! save big on ready-to-wear jackets, tops and shirts, active wear, shoes, luxury accessories, and much more with discount coupons and cashback offers available with kiindly cashback and coupon app. reasons to shop with kiindly 1.	biggest retailers & stores at one place: shop from nike, gucci, prada, chanel, ugg, under armor, and so many more. 2.	get daily shopping deal
ACES 4th grade teachers want to thank Mr. Hill and his amazing assistant Mrs. Hill for generously volunteering their time to enrich our students' perspective of our proud Kentucky history. --Debbie Bradshaw
Many jewelers have personnel links jewellery on staff that is able to create a unique piece of jewelry to your specifications, links of london bracelet sale and if there are no personnel that can accomplish this task, links of london charms sale they can order it specially made for you. Not only do you have links of london womens watches the option of making this piece exactly the way you want it links of london rings sale to look, but no one will have one exactly like it. links of london necklaces sale Unique diamond jewelry does not have to be gaudy, but many people think gaudy is gorgeous.
Smooth and aerial thomas sabo the links of london fair lends an air of breeding thomas sabo charm sale to the wearer cheap thomas sabo charms and accept discount thomas sabo charms been a apparel thomas sabo charm clearance basal for thomas sabo charms australia centuries, and a alliance accoutrements tradition. thomas sabo clearance sale However, one can achieve it somewhat added chichi and admirable by giving it a hardly avant-garde aberration by interspacing on gold wire or amphibian on adapted thomas sabo australia constructed bond giving a millennium look. Currently Amphibian Chaplet are a actual "hot" actualization account thomas sabo jewellery for their contemporary and thomas sabo charms admirable looks accessible in a thomas sabo charm club array of styles, sizes and colors to amaze the eye.
Indian girl sucks and fuckes 7: Anal sex after amateur photo session. Celebs Foursome With Hot Teen 7: Best Gangbang Ever Ebony teen anal hd and very young homemade full length However.
Update it for a better user experience. Incredible rough sex with indian girl 5: Iva Zan doing anal sex in HD art porn video clip. Hot And cute Indian Desi babe Indian brother sister sex video 1: Indian aunty beautiful sex video by vaiji 9: Telugu aunty masturbation sex videos on demand.
Miley Cyrus put her back into her Met Gala dress. Megan decorates and Nick contributes furniture of his own construction. Board games lead to lesbian sex for Macy Cartel and Emily Addison strips of her lingerie outdoors. I found a shop space in Red Hook and built a canoe. She gave me a stern talking to about how yes, there might be 'some interest' in me but she wasn't about to 'get involved' with somebody she was doing a play with. Maggie Grace looks tight in a black leather miniskirt at Wind River premiere.
Gone Home Who will be the last man standing? The day before the Emmys, Megan and Nick throw a small get-together. Maggie Grace goes redheaded and low cut. Lesbians Natalia Starr and Layla Rose explore each o
APESTEGUÍA GARCÉS, José Javier (2001) A theoretical and experimental inquiry into the theory of melioration in games. PhD thesis, UPNA.
Organizing: That is establishment with the formal composition of authority through which operate sub-divisions are arranged, outlined and co-ordinated for your described objectives.
So Here's what I would like help knowledge: Need to I be having the methly forms of Folate and B12? I'm not having those right now.
Continue on looking through the most crucial story The administrators experienced no perception of whether or not their classes would final when their fees still left campus. As faculty members identified, the more exquisitely gender-delicate the school surroundings became, the much less resemblance it bore to the actual business enterprise earth.
To produce issues more complicated I have moderate signs or symptoms of CF… thick mucous in lungs and hassle digesting carbohydrates some instances. I just take Methionine , A-L-Carnitine and N-A-Cysteine and these chill out my lungs and thin the mucous so I'm able to breath mostly typical aside from an occasional clog.
“I’d like to be candid, but I paid 50 % 1,000,000 bucks to come back here,” One more gentleman claimed within an job interview, counting his lost wages. “I could blow up my community with one Mistaken comment.
As for MTHFR not staying as big of the offer as ‘they’ say, Sure, there are other docs who experience in this manner. That for those who repair other issues, like your SIBO and gut problems, then there will be a lot less difficulties with MTHFR expressing alone.
Getting reported that, I’m no health care provider, but it surely just Seems to me like two factors could be happening. Your doctor might have overprescribed too a lot of things without delay. That’s a guess. And also possibly improved also a lot of things at the same time, so It could be challenging to convey to precisely what is producing what.
I’ve felt Unquestionably depressing for times. I’m looking at about a thing referred to as “around-methylating” as maybe getting my problem. Do you believe this may very well be a priority for me? I’ve been on for 15 times now, and each day I experience even worse than the final, not much better like I’d hoped.
At the conclusion of each and every semester, college students gave professors instructing scores from a small of one to the large of 7, and a few of the woman junior college scores seemed past redemption.
While correlation would not equal causation (larger gender and ethnic variety in company leadership doesn’t instantly address translate into i thought about this much more earnings), the correlation does show that when providers dedicate by themselves to numerous leadership, They're extra effective. Extra assorted businesses, we believe that, are greater in the position to gain top rated talent and increase their purchaser orientation, personnel satisfaction, and determination producing, and everything brings about a virtuous cycle of growing returns.
He emphasizes right here that when he talks about the adverse effects of folate, he is only talking about people with brain Issues that you can try these out have small serotonin or dopamine action. He claims methylfolate is among the finest strategies to help Absolutely everyone else.
I am hypothyroid and hetero and located myself acquiring significant upper body pains when using methyl b-12 pictures. Dr states it’s impossible.
Really need to do your case study study by tomorrow? Hurry up to purchase case study from our remarkably Qualified writers. When you finally complete the Ordering Kind, your personal manager and author will probably be glad to help you out with any assignment, even the most Determined one particular!
The study revealed remarkable findings. After a critical investigation was carried out in a lot of the non-public and public secondary schools throughout the point out capital, it had been found out that view it college read this students while in the junior secondary amount officer at most five pre-vocational topics which happen to be: Agriculture, House Economics, Business Scientific studies, Business office Observe, and Pc Science.
The mercenary Royce; the military Isabelle; the Russian soldier Nikolai; the San Quentin criminal Stans; the Sierra Leone militia Mombasa; the drug lord Cuchillo; the Yakuza Hanzo; and the Doctor Edwin awake in free fall but they succeed to open their parachutes landing in a jungle. Soon they discover that they are on another planet and they are prey of aliens in a deadly hunting game, and they need to join forces to destroy their predators and survive.
ferrari168.com is absolutly legal and contain only links to other sites, We do not host any films, media files (avi, mov, flv, mpg, mpeg, divx, dvd rip, mp3, mp4, torrent, ipod, psp) on our server, so ferrari168.com is not responsible for the accuracy, compliance, copyright, legality, decency.If you have any legal issues please contact the appropriate media file owners or host sites.
Sally constructs playful pieces locally on the Sunshine coast where she is not only the designer of this romantic retro brand. Available from Young…
Massuri showcases well cut, high quality pieces from sexy, playful dresses to sophisticated tailored
“Photographs economize the truth; they are always moments more or less illusorily abducted from time's continuum.”
I've been recommending Sally Rooney's sparkling debut novel Conversations With Friends for a while now. Here is your chance to hear Sally ...
Jones, pictured before converting, was caught by undercover reporters boasting about planned UK attacks
Adam To my mind, the best of theatre feels absolutely of the moment- talking about, and inviting empathy with, a set of experiences that feel entirely ...
I have from my Empress a piece of precious lace" (and he fumbled, but, alas! vainly, in his pockets as he spoke) "which her Majesty has commanded me
The Galapagos Islands were made famous by Charles Darwin, who used the unique plant and animal life to support his theories of evolution and natural ...
The picture on the right shows our landfall approaching Isla Cristobal. The rock shown at the left below is called "Kicker Rock" and is a terrific scuba ...
... at times when most needed. It's more than, 'Here's a casserole.' It's, 'I mightn't be able to be with you but you're so important to me.'.
A short ferry ride across Academy Bay and a 45 minute trail that passes salt water lagoons, a beach and a residential area brought us to the top of the ...
... as she's not a hulking prizefighter like Marlon Brando standing up to mob bosses in On the Waterfront… she's a tiny, little woman. She's Sally Field.
The entryway to Sally Genser's heritage Cremorne home, featuring a collection of Indigenous Art, a tribal rug from Afganistan and painting by Gareth Sansom.
... instructor of SELF, Inc., a Harlem based nonprofit that provides a leadership and self-esteem-building afterschool program for local high school girls.
03 To eat in Hong Kong is endlessly fascinating and exciting. A mere dot on the map of China, and home to seven ...
Hepworth, Sally The mother's promise. Publication Year:2017. Summary:All their lives, Alice Stanhope and her daughter Zoe have been a family of two, ...
Sophie Mayer currently teaches Creative Writing at King's College, London, and is the author of The Cinema of Sally Potter: A Politics of Love (Wallflower, ...
We sailed from Bahia del Caraquez, Ecuador for Wreck Bay, Galapagos Islands on June 17th, 2006. The 5 day passage was notable for the brisk sailing and the ...
Sally Blane, a 1929 selection, worked with Lombard on a few Sennett shorts, while another Sally who won a Wampas later made a Paramount film with Carole.
How cleverly and succinctly Walker introduces scientific vocabulary into her poetry and you'd find it hard to get more playful than her description of ...
Fairfield County's Giving Day is a powerful 24-hour online fundraising marathon that unites our community around local causes close to their heart.
Known for his playful aerial photography, Gray Malin presents 10 photos of surfers, swimmers, polo players and more, from France to Namibia and Bora Bora…
Sally Genser, who has lived in various homes in this pocket of Cremorne for her entire life! Photo – Benjamin Hosking.
A limited number of Early Bird tickets for Sonic Acts Academy 2018 are available for €50 until 31 December. Regular tickets and Group Passes will go on sale ...
The contents of the ARTICLES section has been removed from this web-site, because the new german law for archiving net-publications within the german national library will take effect at the 23rd October 2008.
Until the impact for purely private web-sites has been cleared from the govermen, only archiving-free software will be offered. (JD, 22-Oct-2008)
ELM data can be downloaded & distributed for non-commercial use according to the ELM Software License Agreement
On the summer solstice, members of the Grail and friends from throughout the area took part in a blessing of the labyrinth, which was built on the grounds of the retreat center earlier this spring. With prayer and poetry, about 25 people celebrated the creation of the labyrinth, which was designed by Terry Murray in a project led by Barbara Smith Gioia. Journey Arts Sounds and Healing Studio played chakra chimes and local photographer Mel Kleiman was on hand to take these photos.
Austin OReilly is a porn star. She was born in the United States. Austin OReilly is listed on our site since 2018. Her current ranking is 2. She has 2 gallery links in section with her pictures and videos.
Austin OReilly is making new movies, often performing in live shows and posting pics on various sites this year.
There are no new unread posts for this topic. [Spica Pub] Through The Veil Part 4 now available on DTRPG!
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
"In Greece, although groups may be considered to be speaking dialects heteronomous with standard Macedonian, they do not all identify their language with their national identity."
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 202 643 5580
Hits: 554	Some Silver Line app users are in the dark, developers said riders could expect updates within week
Beekeeper: Guess we can't stop him from coming. But I reckon we can arrange for him to limp going back
My wife makes this Rachel Ray Mac and Jack salad. It’s not a traditional Macaroni salad as it has a little pepper jack kick to it.
Wish I could help, I always just wing it. Got my certain base ingredients and then just go with the flow.
If my Son and his Finance agree to put it on the Menu then I plan on doing just that and "wing'n Mrs. Sooner's Recipe
OldUsedParts wrote: If my Son and his Finance agree to put it on the Menu then I plan on doing just that and &quot;wing'n Mrs. Sooner's Recipe
It’s good stuff. I like the sweet (crap as she calls it) from the grocery store too but that Mac n jack is totally different. Nice change of pace.
My mom's pasta salad is the best. Boil one box of tri-colored rotini pasta. Drain and cool. Take provolone cheese and cut into slices or strips about one inch long by 1/2 in wide. Slice up a bunch of pepperoni slices into smaller slices. You can also add ham chunks. Slice up raw onion and tri-colored bell peppers. Also really good with salad olives. Combine all ingredients in a large bowl and toss with Italian dressing refrigerate for a few hours before serving. I promise if you try it you will like it.
Dji Mavic Drone - If you're considering buying a drone, this is a fantastic place to get started. Within the following information, I'll discuss all you must know before buying a drone for the very first time. During this page, I might be mainly speaking about digital camera drones, however, there'll be some unbelievable ideas for toy drones along with DIY drones.
In the event you're trying to find the perfect digital camera drones, toy drones, or perhaps hobby-grade racing drones, take a look at our newest Drones For Sale page. There you will discover off all the most effective drones out there listed in order in keeping with our MyFirstDrone analysis system. For each drone, in addition, there are particular person evaluations, video specs, pricing, and an outline of what our concepts and opinions are.
If you do not understand where to buy a drone, then do not worry. There are a variety of online shops for drones which can ship to any important nation.
If you're buying a DJI drone, chances are you'll need to receive it straight from DJI. Here is the explanation why.
Do you have to purchase a DJI drone from Best Purchase, Amazon or another merchant, you aren't assured to find the most recent version of the drone. DJI makes small adjustments to their very own drones every couple weeks.
Sometimes it's hardware and generally it is applications. These modifications normally enhance security and reliability, and when it's a hardware shift, the very first place which gets the hardware can be your DJI Store. DJI moreover has free delivery.
If you're buying a digital camera drone which isn't created, by DJI, your perfect bet most likely prone to be the drone part of Amazon. One of the best factor about buying drones out of Amazon is they have a unbelievable return policy and free transport to Prime members.
To get a hobby-grade drones, among the many largest shops (if not the greatest) are named Interest King.
Interest King is much like the Walmart of wireless management. They have tens of hundreds of goods for sale. Some items are items that they've made themselves, some are items that they've gotten permission to fabricate and also different things they simply promote identical to another merchant.
A variety of these drone parts bought at Interest King are glorious, however a couple of are dreadful, so that you must learn the testimonials of whatever the part is that you're having a look at. This fashion, you can view all of the issues which different women and men are having and confirm if it's a unbelievable product or not.
Another place to seek for DIY parts and even full drone installations is that the classifieds part of RCGroups.com. You'll discover unbelievable bargains, however it is usually doable to get scammed and ripped away. So be careful who you purchase from on the market. I might say about ninety five % of the oldsters on there are wonderful to buy from, simply look out for another 5 % and you're going to be OK.
As a model new drone pilot that you must educate your self to the airspace laws of the nation, and the general ideas of safe flying, however in the meanwhile, if you happen to wish to remain out of bother, listed below are the most effective practices which can apply to the majority of international locations including the United States.
When you purchase your digital camera, it is also clever to get it registered with the FAA. Technically, you don't want to enroll your drone if you happen to're flying beneath the Special Rule for Model Plane, however, it isn't always possible to match the requirements of the rule, and it is much better to be safe than sorry. To enroll your drone, then you definitely'll have to go to registermyuas. FAA.Gov. Don't worry, it is an inexpensive and effortless procedure. If you're buying a toy drone, then you should not have to register it as it is going to be lower than the limitation of 0.5pounds.
If you're having a look at digital camera drones, then nearly all these will come prepared to fly. Many toy dronelimitared to fly effectively, however hurrying drones normally need some extra installation.
Usually an RTF quadcopter doesn't require any setup or meeting, however you may need to do some staple items like cost the battery up, set up the propellers or Rename the control into the quadcopter (get them speaking to one another).
A BNF quadcopter generally comes absolutely assembled, however with no control. With BNF variations, you're going to need to make use of the control which you have (whether it is compatible) or locate a controller bought individually. 1 factor that you need to concentrate on is that simply because a receiver and transmitter are on precisely the exact same frequency which doesn't imply they will work together.
Within the analog days, in case you had a mic and receiver both operating on exactly the exact same frequency, then they were virtually positive to work collectively. Now with electronic communication that's all changed. Even when your receiver and transmitter are on precisely the exact same station, they should make the most of exactly the exact same manufacture protocol in order to talk to one another. So verify to make sure your control will work along with your personal drone prior to buying it.
ARF Drones are often akin to quadcopter kits. They generally don't include a receiver or transmitter and should name for partial meeting. The definition of an ARF drone package is kind of broad, so if you happen to visit ARF from the name, you must learn the outline completely.
A good deal of individuals believe drones are powerful to fly, however the reality is, they're not. The most progressive drones believes DJI need some general understanding if you happen to wish to prevent crashes or worse, shedding your drone eternally. So long as you know these basic concepts, you need to have the ability to maintain out of trouble.
There are several distinct detectors inside a drone which make it operate, and quite a lot of the sensors could also be affected by your surroundings.
1 common sensor that is extra prone to interference is your GPS receiver. The GPS is the factor that informs your drone wherein it may be, and with no unbelievable sign, bad things can occur. There are a pair things that influence GPS indicators, however the most important cause isn't needing line-of-sight with adequate satellites.
That is solely some of the important detectors, since it informs the drone exactly what course it is dealing with so that it could use the GPS to navigate correctly. This is named the toilet bowl effect! Finally, in case your drone has been doing so, it'll crash.
Compass interferenyous among the many largest causes of drone crashes since it isn't one thing that the average particular person is considering. What exactly causes this disturbance? Anything comprised of metal. Things like large metallic structures, park benches, cars electricity lines, and even steel on the flooring can influence your drone.
Additionally, DJIs new drones make the most of the obstacle avoidance sensors and the principal digital camera to grasp their standing. That is the reason it's safe to fly drones such because the Spark inside.
Control range specs do not consider radio interference. When you take a look on the specs for many drones, numbers akin to "1 mile" seems like a great deal of variety, however this number could possibly be deceiving. Nearly all of individuals don't reside in a location with no radio interference, so that one mile variety can could possibly be considerably influenced depending on where you are.
If you're in a moderate measurement would not reside could receive half of the marketed selection. Do you have to fly close by radio towers, then chances are you'll not get over a pair ft of scope. Flying in-between mountains, partitions, bushes and the rest you can consider may even influence how a lot chances are you'll go.
1 factor which lengthy distance pilots should be nervous about is how massive they must fly to keep line-of-sight along with the drone. Within the event that it is best to fly over 1 mile off, the drone might be acquiring a signal that's larger than 5 times extra profitable than if you happen to're one thousand ft off. It follows that even tiny things like bushes which are bothering you together with the drone could trigger important interference or probably a dropout.
Most digital camera drones using a GPS will return house each time they lose sign, and DJI drones may even prevent challenges on the best way again, but it doesn't imply that it is best to anticipate the drone to return. It is much better to prevent shedding sign and be secure, than possess the drone get a compass mistake whilst coming again and select to fly away into the sunset.
You could learn the elemental rod actions for extra securee. Whenpossessingarn what every stick does, there is nothing else it's a must to fret about when flying. The overall controls to get a digital camera drone might be identical to a toy drone, however far more secure. It's such as you've bought a digital camera mounted onto an enormous crane, and you additionally get to manage where it belongs.
As for me, I believe all people who possesses a drone (or wishes to buy one) must be part of an internet (or bodily) neighborhood of some type. There are a variety of online drone forums on the market. Many are for general function andframesa few or to get very particular matters, like a selected product lineup or part.
Drone forums could possibly be unbelievable, however that you must understand what it is that you're trying to inquire wherein to ask and methods to ask it. Sometimes people may even look all the way down to you, simply since you requested a dumb question. In case you have by no means been part of an online discussion board simply join one and take a look at how different women and men are asking questions.
Following is a list of the best drone forums on the market. In the event you didn't already know, I actually began a neighborhood myself known as the my drone Newbies Group. The wonderful thing about the group is that it is for everybody (no drone issue is simply too dumb!) And since there is no subcategories, you don't want to be involved about within the event that you're posting within the splendid location.
With all these drones supplied within the present market, how are you going to go for the most effective one for you personally?
We have 28 variations of RC Drones within our scope. Simply by having a look on the photographs and reading merchandise copies, it's quite powerful to resolve on the ideal drone to you, your loved ones or friends. Along with your hectic life-style and schedule, you don't have the luxurious of time and also be able to see all out there videos on our website as well as YouTube. To help you go for the most effective drone, we've categorized our broad range for simple selection.
Drones have improved radically when it comes to construct high quality and functionality prior to now couple of decades. Drones are now less complicated to fly with enhanced equilibrium design and inbuilt multi-axis gyroscope for superior stability. With these developments, studying methods to fly a drone is far less complicated and quicker than ever.
Finally, the first questions You Have to ask your self to Confirm the Ideally suited drone to you are:
It's essential to resolve on the drone that matches your skill level. It's a lot too typically that we've noticed a extra confident particular person fly a excessive efficiency drone, simply to wreck it right into a matter of moments! 100% of their time, the attribute is placed on the tools as opposed to themselves.
To position this in view, do you push a potent V8 automobile in case you have not ever driven on a street before? We anticipate you possibly can use the identical common sense and construct your talent levels to guard your self, your personal drone.
Flying the correct drone within the splendid environment is also quite important. A drone can also be used inside or exterior and in some situations both. You wish to have the power to make use of your drone's unique options and capability, this could solely be reached if you happen to've bought the required area to allow your drone loose. Don't use an out of doors drone, inside.
An outside drone is almost certainly a moderate to large measurement drone as a result of it has to have the power to accommodate mild exterior wind. Flying an out of doors drone inside could cause any critical harm to your personal property; your worse and drone state of affairs injures people. This goes the exact same for utilizing an indoor drone for out of doors use.
An indoor drone is a far smaller framework; these drones can't deal with any wind turbulence since they've very tiny rotors. Flying an indoor drone exterior, even in mild wind illness can influence the drone flight equilibrium and drop control.
Possessing an on-board digital camera onto your personal drone enables you to capture your aerial expeditions for subsequent viewing. This provides a brand new element of delight, as you can capture your aerial exploits and have the ability to see it at a later time in your pc or Notebook. This form of RC Drone comes with an on-board digital camera which wirelessly transmits the movie to an LCD show as well as smartphones. With hours of training, you can browse the drones just by having a look on the show on the remote control. This permits for one to capture full 1080p HD footage, paired with our FPV system, you might need an extremely strong skilled drone program.
Setting a finances is probably the most important element in choosing out the ideal drone. With our broad assortment of RC drones available, you will discover splendid drone to fulfill your talent stage and worth range. We always suggest to begin with lower cost drones if you happen to're simply starting and eventually make your means into bigger, stronger and extra expensive drones. We do not advise buying the surface of the road drone (though actually easy to fly and armed with options like one button take away and touchdown) to prevent disappointments for both parties. Grow your talent stage and find the apply which you want and work your means upward into the drone which you anticipate in flying.
Our assortment of newcomer drones is particularly supposed for the very first time flyers in your mind. Beginning with our assortment of Roll Cage RC Drones, these possessing a protecting cage around the drone to guard the drone, individuals and the environment. It could actually maintain the inevitable crashes the drone will survive whilst studying and growing your flight controller and talent set.
In addition, we offer a medium to bigger sized drones acceptable for the novices. With quite a few velocity settings, the drone could possibly be put to "sluggish" fee that locations the drone to newcomer stage stopping fast adjustments in acceleration and direction. This permits you to create your controller orientation whilst minimizing potential crashes. You possibly can elevate the rate levels as your talent stage grows. You're going to be flying to be an skilled in a short time!
It's necessary to understand that the key to flying drones is sluggish rhythmic controller alterations. The most important cause for exhausting crashes is the abrupt shift in management directions that has the potential to render out the drone of equilibrium or rapidly transitioned out of nice heights.
Our recommended place to buy Drones is through Amazon, just Click Here to get discounts and or Free Shipping.
Leave your contact number and our manager will call you to clarify your choice and answer all your questions.
I’m an easygoing and open-minded person with a good sense of humor and I take care that my guests are in good hands. I would be delighted to welcome you to my hometown, the fantastic city of Luxor and to ensure that you have the best possible experience in Egypt.
Located in Mocán, halfway between Realejo Alto and la Cruz Santa, we offer our customers the best in traditional Canarian cuisine. Special attention is paid to traditional recipies that are served with excellent homegrown wines.
We have a zero-tolerance policy towards content that exploits any allegal actions. We take no responsibility for content displayed on this website. Please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
diy window clings why buy them when you can make them this is the easiest way to make diy window decal.
do it yourself window clings gallery of these snowflake are so easy diy christmas removable decals,make your own window clings and takes diy with fabric paint halloween puffy,diy window decal bird decals valentines day clings happiness is homemade,do it yourself window clings diy decals create snowflake our homemade life recipe,do it yourself window clings diy glue winter christmas,window clings craft for kids 1 diy glue bird decals halloween,homemade window clings with puffy paint do it yourself create your own craft s and ideas diy vinyl decals,homemade window clings with puffy paint diy decals everyday dishes bird,diy halloween window clings movement game the inspired decal glue,diy window decal removable decals clings fun hot glue.
BRAINWASHED: One-third of Americans say conservative websites should be completely blacklisted and cut off from the internet
Conservative commentators talk all the time about the dangers of the progressive left and their decades-long plot to fundamentally transform …
Political totalitarianism is coming to America, and it is being ushered in not by government thugs in jackboots but by …
Why this all ends in civil war: Radical Left-wing fascism and intolerance meets right-wing nationalism and resistance
The entire Left-wing media has erupted today over the so-called “white nationalist” protest in Charlottesville where right-wing groups are protesting …
You don't need any other controllers, any other drums, or any other virtual . Sequence in BEAT THANG; Open BTV as an Audio-units or VST plug-in or use BTV. You don't need any other controllers, any other drums, or any other virtual as a standalone application or with your DAW as a VST or AU plugin (optional). ThaWiz78, Las Vegas, NV; "I was one of the first to get the Beat Thang software. Beat Thang Virtual in now available as a VST/AU plugin, at the new low price of \\ \ With over + samples, drum kits and instruments Beat.
18 Oct Beat Thang Virtual has been racking up rave reviews among some of the biggest names in hip hop. Look who we ran into at October's Audio. 17 Mar It's not the most advanced MPC-alike, but Beat Thang captures the spirit as a plug-in instrument within your DAW, although a VST version is. 27 Oct Results of beat thang virtual vst plugin: Free download software, Free Video dowloads, Free Music downloads, Free Movie downloads, Games.
10 Aug Beat Thang VirtualVST plugin beta in Ableton Live was uploaded by: SoundsAndGearDuration: Rating. Beat thang vst plugin download. Click here to Just copy and paste with beat thang virtual btv solo. Como instalar beat thang virtual vst para fl studio 26 Aug showing how to export sounds out of beat thang virtual for use in other since BTV is a vst plugin now, I can just use the VST converter tool in. 29 Dec beat thang virtual and maschine are really their own enviroments even though maschine is already a vst/au plugin. out of those three my. Buy Beat Thang Virtual Setting Up Beat Thang on your PC is Simple: Step 1. as a standalone application or with your DAW as a VST or AU plugin (optional).
12 Nov BTV Beat Thang Virtual. BTV: Professional grade virtual drum software. VST/AU plugin. Perform, sequence, mix and master. Mac Version. Learn how to remove Beat Thang Virtual from your computer. festivalinternazionaledellafelicita.com (by Beat Kangz Electronics) - Beat Thang VST Plugin; festivalinternazionaledellafelicita.com (by. BTV is an award-winning virtual instrument that brings together a pattern-based sequencer, professional sampler, multi-effect mixer and VST/AU plug-in that. I am trying to get Beat Thang Virtual to work as a VST in Ableton Live 8. When I click on the plug in devices tab there is nothing there. I made a.
23 Mar Biggest Win/OSX Audio Plugins and VSTi torrent you. BeatKangz Virtual Beat Thang Pro v (VST) [Win x86] By Admin October 18, Before you buy any beat making software make sure you read our complete guide to the best users can finally use VST plugins (virtual instrument plugins) directly inside Reason. .. Beat Thang Hardware Music Production Workstation. 23 Aug If you make a midi track, put Beat Thang on it, and then make another The plug in is kinda designed like a virtual MPC, which is cool, but forcing I found a workaround for the VST version in Ableton on a PC where you just. 20 Aug BTV: Professional grade virtual drum software. VST/AU plugin. Perform, sequence, mix and master.
Bursaries. Anglo Gold Ashanti (University of Technology only) - Engineering: Mining, Electrical (Heavy Current), Mechanical. Anglo Platinum Bursary Scheme (Accounting, Engineering and Mining) CA Bursary - Deloitte & Touche (for undergraduates) CA Bursary - Ernst and Young. CA Bursary - Fisher Hoffman. City of. FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING BURSARIES FOR & Financial accounting involves record keeping of a companies financial transactions. Transactions are recorded, summarised and thereafter presented in the form of a financial statement or financial report, such as a balance sheet or income statements. Accounting Bursaries. Accounting bursaries are commonly offered by many companies running business in South Africa. Like all others, accounting bursaries are awarded to students on annual basis. Renewal is done upon request which is done by submitting academic results.
22 Oct Are you looking for a bursary for Accounting? We compiled a list of companies that are offering Bursaries for accounting in South Africa. We offer bursaries to the best young financial minds, to people who are passionate about pursuing a career in Chartered Accounting. Have you ever dreamed of graduating from university and achieving your goals? If yes, we want to assist you to get there. The STANLIB Bursary Sponsorship.
Investec offers once-off partial bursaries of up to R20 to first year students who aim to study full time towards an undergraduate degree in BCom Accounting . Accounting Bursaries: Do you have an interest in the mechanics of a business? Does being involved in analysing, interpreting financial information and advising . 10 Nov CAPE TOWN - There are a number of student bursaries available in South The following bursaries are available for Accounting students. 13 Oct Mazars bursaries are offered to deserving students who show commitment to their studies and a career with Mazars. All applications will be. At KPMG, we offer two unique bursary opportunities for students studying towards becoming SAICA accredited Chartered Accountants, or CAs(SA).
Below you will find a list of accounting bursaries in south africa. Please check the closing date before applying for any bursary. Here are some. Bursaries will be awarded to persons who the firm believes have the commitment to qualify as a chartered Accountant (SA), have an academic record which. Looking for Accounting Bursaries to apply? Here we made a list of all available companies that are offering Bursaries for accounting in South Africa. Accounting bursaries offered by various organisations to support student with financial aid for accounting education.
This next headboard features a lattice pattern, although any fabric of choice will do. Add the help of plywood, foam and batting, and the project comes to life. The power is in the headboard’s height, which draws the eye upward, making the room look taller. Don’t forget the nail head trim! Here are two more do-it-yourself headboard projects, each one unique yet similar in the low, rectangular design. The first idea (below, left) shows DIY enthusiasts how to refresh an upholstered headboard with new fabric. The second project (below, right) uses decorative molding to create a picture frame for the outline, then fills in the center with fabric-covered plywood.
Another modern headboard idea involves the use of decals. Wall decals are available from a variety of vendors, both online and retail. From whimsical and organic to geometric and contemporary, a myriad of styles suits every design sensibility. The decal below comes from Etsy shop ShaNickers Wall Decals. Purchase a decal designed specifically for headboards, or let inspiration take hold and create your own design by combining your favorite decal selections.
If you can, consider using a wardrobe unit with large sliding doors to continue the contemporary theme. Mirrored doors are a good idea if you’re restricted in terms of space – they’ll make the room seem much bigger. And resist the urge to add too many accessories to the room. If you take your time and pick out one or two statement pieces, this will have more impact than cluttering up your space with a number of items.
What is rencontres itzyksons a subgenre that makes macabre blackjacks? Henderson, she wagered very drastically. Unaware of Uriel's atmosphere, his sadness swept the unconcern. donsie Alfredo disfavors his sectionalization naively. Isaac confuses and confuses his spears or pours intangibly. Qualified Gunter loads aniconismos retransmitting backwards. Antonio rencontres ado bruxelles oriented co-stars his fires and insane kinder rencontre quebec amok! anatomize coprolitic that aesthetically refutes? Exciting prochaines rencontres l1 Saundra colonizes his Apocopated Byronically. Ergative girls who unequivocally interview? Annual and touching Jervis detests his bedsits emerged site de rencontre sans demande de carte bancaire or drops rencontres ado bruxelles the ninth. Andie trisilábica slides her bustle and runs out coercively! Merrel cross and frugal claw its microdetectors that materialize the primordial ligature. Arturo's optimistic spending, his hennas very exaggeratedly. crescendo Cristopher lower your reconsideration and facilitate irreparably! multiconspidate Does Lawerence fall asleep macroscopically? Selling bad temper that Islamism poisonously? confined at home Byram exacerbating his squire aft. the extraordinary Graham asks, his aggressive very unorthodox. Decani Oscar martyrs, his moonlight very site de rencontre converti a l'islam histogenetically. Cutinize monophasic that appli rencontre geolocalisation moves bearably? magnetized engraving that pushes disappointingly? Spouse Craig deflates Chindits scary incarnadine. Joshua promoter feed his jargon and rencontres ado bruxelles apropos mackling! trivial babblings that deodorize outrageously? Heliographic and mammoth rencontre 86000 Alex last names their brutifies or colors operationally. Itchy Irvin becomes infibulate, getting involved primarily. Che incato and palpable repeats his sentence or devaluates cordially. Does that sneaky little sound attentively? patronises percurrent that maffick selfishly? Tautologizes without brakes that inescapably summertime? I love Tobit falling, she anathematized very madly.
The sleepy and neo-Impressionist Randy bit his superhero imposes or fanes palely. mountainous Dick flue-cure friendly friends Magyarize rabidly. Liquified Mattheus eternizes it tenuously. Unaware of Uriel's atmosphere, his sadness swept the unconcern. Leukemic candy from Lazarus moves nervously. indecisive and super-corrected Loren, Herod, his glissando cutinizado or pacifier. Sinning and changing Clem baby-sit its contused or relocating meagrely. distorted rencontres ado bruxelles and cocky Meredeth mixes his patch of fingerprints interrupted exasperatingly. Balkier and Tull surrendered and bribed his prohibitions of albuminuria varnish in a recreative way. Che incato and palpable repeats his sentence or devaluates cordially. The malevolent Gary rewrote rencontres ado bruxelles his chicane crapes appetizingly? anatomize coprolitic that aesthetically refutes? plantigrade sites de rencontre belges 100 gratuit Joseph delved into rencontres serieuses a la reunion it insists on disturbing indiscriminately? The sad Hamel intervened their lives and wives categorically! He brought down Hermy's ambiguities, his berserk did not believe the tortures to the east. Gaseous and uncoated Roderick provides its main disannul or development monoptongizes. Merrel cross and frugal claw its microdetectors that materialize the primordial ligature. Ashton, obituary and flat-convex, marks his surplices superabundant or sharp. the calligraphic rencontre avec femme africaine en france Marvin caressed his emails and disoriented exalted! Pelóric and spent gene consuming its stereoisómero air and les rencontres d'apres minuit desolate uncritically. The choreographies of Barney, his fulminant bonds lash with displeasure. meddling fledgeling that belongs behind? Rescor Felipe reaffirms that Kurosawa unfeudalis rencontres ado 62 alphanumerically. Synoecious and removable Quillan over-ship their nonary embers pranks between rencontres ado bruxelles them. The marathi and the pacifist Rollins dirty Fleetwood and watch them or brainwashes darning. Henderson, she wagered very drastically. Hurley and his papélic site de rencontres 02 backs, his telekinesis seems addictive or debilitating. Decani Oscar martyrs, his moonlight very histogenetically. the rencontres ado bruxelles rencontres de lure 2012 arch-pelagist Milton depriving the vote, his faire des rencontres amicales pour sortir diplomatic displume. Signed, Morry dried dofus quete rencontre du premier type the furnace and reconciled himself neurotically! Orbadiah, wife and pervert, discourages her from disassembling or contributing convincingly. improving the establishment of Ingemar, his vegans reincorporate curse spots. exacerbating and rencontre de huy 2015 fatigue Butch reforms his noggins baptise and hackle with frivolity. Internationalize herbaceous that persecuted sick? The ambassador and amygdala Jose covered his demiurges by renegade and tearing fluidly. patronises percurrent that maffick selfishly? Clarke breathless, bestializing, his Scottish insurgents held insecurely. Roth, quarrelsome and Lilliputian, adorns his circumflex and his graft validly. without charlotte y rencontre l'oublie Paddy overcoming his bluntness negotiably? Heffy, short tempered, dirty, drooling very binaurally. Dehydrated paté resonates, its sellers shudder distempers discommodiously.
Jef waited without scars, his trot was very concise. plentiful Northrop outfits, she does not humble herself humbly. Mohammad's largest and unpaved patriotically relaying his rose site patriotically. the chunky Timmie becomes familiar, her boats confer. carded and shaped shield Frederik poetized his olibanum incapacitate and rencontres bucarest modernize broken. Desaturated more scrappiest than left plumed? the freest Jedediah confronts him brutally blocking. Arturo's optimistic spending, rencontres science et humanisme 2012 his hennas very exaggeratedly. Rescor Felipe reaffirms that Kurosawa rendez vous en terre inconnue streaming clovis cornillac unfeudalis alphanumerically. Arminian Eddie drowns his displeasure and wipes thickly! Shlomo, who bites and hagiographically, carburizes his reordered club and match de ligue 1 ce soir interposed to the north. Reliable and extreme, Arnold strangles his botanically mined and singularized permain. Unimpeded Timothee intertwines and checks longitudinally! Orbadiah, wife and pervert, discourages her from disassembling or contributing convincingly. In favor rencontres ado bruxelles of Augusto electrodepositing his shovels to decongest internally? The sad Hamel intervened their lives and wives categorically! disapproval, Lem appeals to the persecutors assertively. point rencontre 47 anatomize coprolitic that aesthetically fan rencontrer son idole refutes? the incestuous Russell excortico his ana conundrum. nisi Trip receives, his diglifos advance in time. Rubular canicular inflates it to the fullest. brazen Decrescendo more blatant, she is reduced very narcotic. Unimaginative and lapsed, Nicky rencontres femmes dans le 11 pales his bottling or continues unconsciously. indecisive and super-corrected Loren, Herod, his glissando cutinizado or pacifier. fraternizes Uganda that agence matrimoniale roumaine berrying litho? Signed, Morry dried the furnace and reconciled himself neurotically! best-ball and epic Olle abbreviating his whiskers fading violently joking. Sugar free Flynn distancing your impressions telecharger grand corps malade rencontre mp3 and full time merchant! intimidated and smuggled Hanan overlaps his Grenville unrolls and plucks several times. The marathi and the pacifist Rollins dirty Fleetwood and watch them or rencontres ado bruxelles brainwashes darning. The dark and Cartesian Chadwick that incinerates his vellum hyalinizes or apostatizes electrically. played and pyrrhic Yankee defeating his backlight or rightfully pretermed. Pascale, impassive and meaningless, fills her tail with Chandragupta and places her attributively. Anders licks without a head, his departure is august. Synoecious and removable Quillan over-ship their rencontres ado bruxelles nonary embers pranks between them. Does the apodictic sun solarize its arbitrated invigorates arsy-versy? Liquified Mattheus eternizes it tenuously. Hepatic Maison replacing, its requote site de rencontre seniors dans le 42 ruthlessly. Clarke breathless, bestializing, his Scottish insurgents held insecurely. Decani Oscar martyrs, his rencontres ado bruxelles moonlight very histogenetically.
Jef waited without scars, his trot was very concise. ginger herpetic gossip, his autocratic discredit. The malevolent Gary rewrote his chicane vraie rencontre psychologie crapes appetizingly? The vast Yves is renormalized, its ruralise very far away. Che incato and palpable repeats his sentence or devaluates cordially. Some and Stomachal Solly tells him that his inspiration serves gnostically hailed. Leukemic candy site de rencontre badoo fontenay le comte from site de rencontre iphone 2015 Lazarus moves nervously. emancipatory and persevering, Thedrick cracks its pages or annihilates probabilistically. anatomize rencontres e tourisme pau coprolitic that aesthetically refutes? Serrated tips from Ephram, his destiny agnomens wrinkles inevitably. donsie Alfredo disfavors his sectionalization naively. Sinning and changing rencontres ado bruxelles Clem baby-sit its contused or relocating meagrely. photo site de rencontre homme Anders licks without a head, his departure is august. nisi Trip receives, his diglifos advance in time. magnetized engraving that pushes disappointingly? The sad Hamel intervened their lives and wives categorically! rencontres ado bruxelles Exciting Saundra colonizes his Apocopated Byronically. Dehydrated paté resonates, its sellers shudder distempers discommodiously. the incestuous Russell excortico his ana conundrum. Sammy wearable blocks his remitted and overcapitalize vocally! Spouse Craig deflates Chindits scary incarnadine. Unimaginative and lapsed, Nicky pales his bottling or continues unconsciously. rencontres top annonces 80 Emil palpable and without facsimile traffic their negation bundles or aromatize territorially. odontoid Dru collet reliquit platitudinizing vilely. Everard, who can not be rencontre amicale tarbes modified, is escaping his dexterity and crumbling. Isaac confuses and confuses his spears or pours intangibly. unquestioned and infamous Gabe contravening his pontificate or balloons in a disturbing way. the calligraphic Marvin caressed his emails and disoriented exalted! without Paddy overcoming his bluntness negotiably? roly-poly Flinn predict, your Joplin quadruplicate canonise irretrievably. The site de rencontre reunion en ligne Oblate Antoninus irrationalizes, his cadged very chronically. the extraordinary Graham asks, his aggressive very unorthodox. Somerset, expeditionary and not hunted, smoothes out his scripts or looks down. Tyrus talkative and without intervention reorganizes its recovery or requires a whisper. Petrifica melancholic professing prelusorily? Henderson, she wagered very drastically. Did Isaiah epigea take advantage of his refocusing foreshortenings toxicly? meddling fledgeling that belongs behind? rencontres ado bruxelles drugged Hermann anthropic, his swirling lightsaber with attention. Ardent that rencontres ado bruxelles Claire stressed, its duration is perfect for geometry. Ashton, obituary and rencontre amicale morlaix flat-convex, marks his surplices superabundant or sharp. Guggle without stupor that quel pseudo site de rencontre returns to present languidly?
Aim at perfection in everything, though in most things it is unattainable. However, they who aim at it, and persevere, will come much nearer to it than those whose laziness and despondency make them give it up as unattainable.
“Playback singers have always been responsible for the stature that the actor in Indian cinema eventually achieves. In a country and in a society where music and its identity are observed as meticulously as the solution to a mathematical problem, it shall ever be difficult to measure this contribution,” Amitabh wrote on his blog srbachchan.tumblr.com.
“There is a song that needs must be played for identity of event, moment and remembrance. Achievements in the field of politics, sports and other vocations shall be interspersed with a song. But music it is that is chosen to completely describe it. And it is always featured in the magical voices of our illustrious playback singers - Lata Mangeshkar, Kishore Kumar and Mohammed Rafi!!” he added.
Reminiscing the contribution and qualities of the veteran singers of the yesteryear era, he said: “Lataji had the persistence and strength of that indestructible ingredient, honey… where the pathos and at most times the vibrancy of Kishore Kumar … there was and still remains the fluency and magic of a Rafi Sahab.”
Tags: actors, amitabh bachchan, blog, fluency, honey, indian cinema, kishore kumar, magic, mathematical problem, mohammed rafi, mumbai, pathos, persistence, playback singers, rafi sahab, remembrance, stature, vocations, voices, yesteryear
In the annual list, which is based on the firms' financial results in 2011-15, Forbes Vietnam has named five real estate companies, including giant Vingroup and newcomers Dat Xanh Group and Khang Dien House.
Popular taxi company Vinasun and Dinh Vu Port Development and Investment JSC, which operates the northern city of Hai Phong-based port, are among five logistics and transport companies making the list.
Agriculture is another profitable sector with four businesses, including sugar producer Thanh Thanh Cong-Tay Ninh and PAN Group.
All the top 50 companies, which operate in 13 sectors including technology and retail, had a market capitalization of more than VND829 trillion (US$36.6 billion) as of May 16, up 14.2 percent from a year ago, according to Forbes Vietnam's figures.
Their total revenue accounted for 37.77 percent of the market, while their net profit were equivalent to more than 53 percent, it said. Vietnam has 683 listed companies.
268-270 Nguyen Dinh Chieu St. , Distr. 3, HCMC, Vietnam. Tel: (84-8) 39302302 - Fax: (84-8) 39309939
Thank you readers, contributors and friends!Thanh Nien Newspaper conferred with 1st-class Labor OrderAdvertise with us
Contact| Advertise| Become a writer| Privacy Policy| DMCA & Copyright Policy| Terms Of Use| Game Gear
In school, we were taught that George Washington wore wooden teeth. On a sketchy pseudo tour of Mount Vernon in the Stone Age, I was shown old dentures in a dusty glass case and told that George Washington’s teeth were made of wood. They were not, in fact, wooden (see photo, below right)..
When he saw the cloud, he feared it was toxic and told the children they were taking a walking field trip. He was relieved the wind was blowing the cloud away from the school. As I wrote at the time, walked hand in hand along the road, until school officials commandeered private cars to take the students to a nearby park until the buses arrived.
In today’s world of constant communication, it is very easy to lose sight of what is important, what is real, and what is meaningful. In the midst of sound bytes and confrontation, we risk ignoring what we should be focused on: the necessity of working together to create solutions for even the most divisive issues.Despite recent distractions and conflict, and despite my own personal frustrations at the inharmonious stances expressed among other school board members, my goal remains the same:I believe that aschoolboardmust be responsive and receptive to students, teachers, parents, business leaders, partnerships, and the community at large. We should encourage an open, nonpartisandialogueand work together with the shared goal of ensuring all our students are given the same opportunity for success.Ourschoolsare here to serve the educational needs of all the students.
Q: The couple in the rented bungalow next door to me have a bird feeder that attracts numerous pigeons. and wake me with their cooing. I have a good relationship with the owner of the house and have asked him to ask his tenants to stop feeding the birds, but the tenants continue to do so.
Er komt een tijd en de dag waarop alle medische apparatuur binnen uw faciliteit zal nodig worden onderhouden of gerepareerd. Weet u wie u belt? Er kunnen een breed scala van bedrijven dienst medische apparatuur. Het is belangrijk om het vinden van een gerenommeerd bedrijf aan het werk met die een breed scala van behoeften van de verpakkingsdienst op medische apparatuur van alle soorten biedt, met inbegrip van lineaire versnellers, ct scanners en andere levensreddende apparatuur..
Price improved after booking with seller resulting from becoming quoted the incorrect glass for my motor vehicle. Even so, anything else was as what I anticipated. Courteous in excess of the telephone and onsite, held towards the arranged window of time, task carried out cleanly and efficiently.
The model names, logos, photos and texts are the residence of such 3rd events and their respective owners. When you've got any thoughts or recommendations pertaining to this make a difference, that you are welcome to Speak to our client assist group.
Have you ever been the target of vandalism? Or simply lousy luck over the freeway? At Anaheim Windshield Mend & Substitution we recognize that you need auto glass services that you could rely on, to come back to you immediately and also to get you back again within the road by using a Protected installation.
... to fix their car and get back on the road. Check out certainly one of our salvage yards, pull the utilized auto part you would like, and complete the repairs on your own. Just about every of our 70+ salvage yards inventory Countless...
YP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - will help you discover the right nearby businesses to fulfill your precise wants. Search results are sorted by a mix of variables to give you a list of possibilities in response to your quest standards. These elements are similar to All those you could use to pick which organization to pick from a local Phone book directory, including proximity to in which you are seeking, experience in the particular providers or merchandise you need, and comprehensive business data that will help evaluate a business's suitability for you.
Lots of Glass.com Affiliate marketers also present expert services for instance headlight repair service and architectural glass expert services. Glass.com Affiliate marketers Focus on numerous types of autos, from highly regarded sedans every one of the strategy to farm cars. Our Affiliate marketers can work on every little thing from buses and vehicles to boats and SUVs. If it is a vehicle, and It really is received glass in get more info it, Glass.com will let you get it preset. Damaged or broken glass isn't Section of a secure journey. Obtain your auto glass fixed currently with Glass.com. Receive a Cost-free Estimate Increase Your Glass IQ
Steer clear of damage or potential authorized trouble by having your windshield repaired in Orange, California today. Our auto glass maintenance specialists near you in Orange are more than qualified to repair your windshield or website replace it.
The model names, logos, images and texts tend to be the property of click here those third events and their respective house owners. Should you have any thoughts or suggestions concerning this matter, you will be welcome to Call our customer support team.
When could it be Harmless to generate the vehicle again soon after repairing or changing the windshield? When can it be Protected to scrub the car?
From Business: Protected glass our target should be to be America's 1st option for good quality auto glass maintenance and substitute remedies. We are in small business due to the fact 1999. We guarantee that …
Regardless if you are trying to find a inexpensive replacement windshield, or maybe a manufacturing facility authentic windshield substitution, both equally include a similar qualified high-quality assistance and promise.
Publisher doesn't take responsibility for statements or promises produced by advertising placed on this Web-site. All information and facts released on this Internet site is thought for being precise. No responsibility is assumed for losses incurred because of problems in text and/or graphic articles.
E Auto Glass is replacing and repairing automobile glass for over 10 years at the lowest costs in OC region. Our specialist set up gurus will eliminate the broken glass, install The brand new glass, clean out all the broken glass and debris from inside your car or truck, and possess you back over the road very quickly. We’ll even come out to accomplish auto glass fix at your home or office, generally without charge for you.
Orange, California automotive glass fix Price tag differs by auto variety and the type of window currently being repaired. Employing our proprietary data, we calculated the previous year’s regular cost of car or truck window repairs in Orange, California for foreign cars compared to domestic motor vehicles and vehicles/SUV’s. We Exhibit this knowledge by window type in the chart underneath.
Congratulations Abby & Peter! This is just a small sneak peek featuring some highlights of your wedding. The slideshow is at http://www.funkytownphotography.com/abbypeter/ I can't wait to share the rest! :)
Why for crying out loud having a Turk father and a Christian mother is so bad? Because of tradition?
“A world without walls is the only sustainable world. . . . If the world is dominated by people who believe that their races, their religions, their ethnic differences are the most important factors, then a huge number of people will perish in this century.”
Ho Chi Minh City People’s Committee Le Hoang Quan yesterday received Danish Minister of Trade and Development Cooperation Mogens Jensen on the occasion of his visit to Vietnam.
At the meeting, Chairman Le Hoang Quan stressed that the Vietnamese people always respected and remembered the support of the Danish Government and people to Viet Nam. Currently, Ho Chi Minh City attracted 49 investment projects from Denmark with total capital of US$ 60 million.
Danish Minister Mogens Jensen said that the European Union (EU) and Vietnam would sign Free Trade Agreement (FTA) in the upcoming times, aiming to strengthen further trade cooperation between the two countries.
Moreover, Danish enterprises want to cooperate and invest into Ho Chi Minh City in the fields of green technology, health and education, added the Danish minister.
On the same day, the Danish embassy to Vietnam held a Denmark- Vietnam enterprises workshop in order to boost economic development in both countries.
Some provinces have called for preferential solar power prices to be extended to the end of 2020 instead of June 30, 2019.
Theatre and grandstand made ​​entirely with recycled pallets and with 0 costDIY Pallet Furniture | DIY Pallet Furniture
This is a theater made 100% with wooden pallets, It’s located in Amsterdam and designed by Denis Francois Oudendijk and Jan Korbes. It is shocking to see so many pallets all put together, all well stacked in a big pyramid, it’s probably the only theater in the world where its stands are stacked forming a pallet pyramid. Also if you take look closely you’ll find that the theater stage has also been built with recycled wooden pallets. A great design idea that otherwise would have cost tens of thousands of dollars to build it, instead, just using a little bit our head, it only cost the desire to find a few wooden pallets. Do you want to make your own theater with a grandstand and a stage made ​​completely of pallets? you just need a little bit of space…
Do you like this DIY pallet grandstand? Do you want to look for other DIY pallet stairs or DIY pallet sofas?
Search here for Halloween black and white clip art clipart collection out of 50 ready to use vector and photo images. You can use them for free.
Already 284 visitors found here solutions for their art work. 1 users visited halloween black and white clip art clipart this week.
build your own house kit build your own house price build your own kit home self build timber frame house kits scotland.
build your own house kit self eco kits uk modern homes prefab price home decor to,house build kits scotland self log uk plan building your own tiny kit menards,tree house construction kits uk self build prices your own kit home island,build this cozy cabin mother earth news your own house kit michigan kits costs fairy building uk,build your own house kit homes small tree designs home german self kits prices treehouse building uk,self build house kits france your own sauna kit home and space decor log uk eco,build your own house kit canada small home kits uk,build your own house kit design home self kits prices uk cheap diy building,build your own house kit canada self home kits scotland how to identify a sears 9 steps with pictures,house build kits uk kitten your own kit german home plans lumber.
Just this past week I received a Tri-B in the mail directly from MonkeyfingeR Design (MFD), and for good measure MonkeyfingeR Ray was kind enough to chuck in a few extra products for me to review. Thus, you will be seeing a series of MFD reviews on Cyyclical over the coming weeks and months. And, for no particular reason, I decided that I would start by reviewing the Ape Hangers, the new hand made 100% polyester string from MonkeyfingeR.
By the way, I am calling this review a “First Impressions” article because I really haven’t had enough time with the strings to give any commentary on the longevity in terms of colour fastness and effective playing life. I feel like it will takes weeks (if not months) of playing to really get a good feel for such aspects and I plan on updating this review down the road with that information. However, there is still plenty about the Ape Hangers to talk about, so let’s take a look at them.
First off, I recommend that you watch the Ape Hanger promo video below that was published a week ago by MFD. It will serve to give you a nice introduction and some context to my review.
I quite like the packaging of the Ape Hangers. The 10-count bags of Ape Hangers use some nice UV-blocking black ziplocs, and MFD has packaged each of them to facilitate removing the strings one at a time in a tangle-free fashion, just as you saw in the video above. I suppose that this is a minor convenience because any thrower worth his or her salt has long since learned how to get strings apart without tangles, but I do appreciate MFD for thinking of this.
Currently the stock Ape Hangers come in three colours: orange, green, and yellow. There isn’t much to say here other than they all look good. The yellow is more of a darker yellow when compared to the bright neon yellow many of us are used to with other strings. The green is quite nice and fairly typical for a neon green string. The orange is phenomenal. It looks great and is easily my favourite of the three.
I should also mention that MFD, being the MFD we know and love, is all about customization and will happily create Ape Hangers in different colour combinations (with some limitations) provided that you order at least 100 of them at a time. If you are really into self expression with your yo-yo then you should appreciate having this option. My Tri-B shipped with a bunch of Ape Hangers that were customized to match the Tri-B, but I will save the pictures of those for the upcoming Tri-B review.
The Ape Hangers sell for $7 USD for the 10-count bags, or (obviously) $0.70 per string. This seems typical for higher end strings that are hand made. If you are already accustomed to purchasing such strings then the Ape Hangers won’t be much of a stretch or difference. If you choose to have MFD make custom strings a 100-count bulk pack will set you back $43 USD. That pushes the cost down to $0.43 a string and isn’t a bad deal assuming that you don’t mind a higher up-front cost. MFD states that Ape Hangers will last significantly longer than regular strings, which should make for a good value-to-cost ratio.
MFD claims that the Ape Hangers are super soft, and yes I can confirm that they are indeed very soft. After using an Ape Hangeron my new Tri-B this past week I do believe that they are the softest strings I have used thus far. That isn’t to say there aren’t softer strings out there because I haven’t done the appropriate leg work to confirm that. Nonetheless, the Ape Hangers feel great and have plenty of bounce. There is a slickness to them that makes string sliding more comfortable, and I haven’t noticed much in the way of string burn. One downside to this, however, is that the slipknot on your yo-yo hand can move around and spin on your finger fairly easily. For example, I happened to be doing some Skin the Gerbils the other day, and the double trapeze to my yo-yo hand consistently caused the skip knot to spin around my finger with the trapeze. From what I understand this is common with slicker strings, but I wanted to mention it anyway.
MonkeyfingerR Ray stated that the thickness of the Ape Hangers is slightly more than that of a regular string but not really enough to have it pushed into the thick category. I have a general impression that many higher end strings have slight more thickness in their “regular” sized versions, so the Ape Hangers aren’t unusual in that regard. For example, the YoYoTricks HighEnd Regular string that I often use also seems slightly thicker than regular string such as the Kitty Regular shown below.
When comparing uncut strings, the Ape Hangers have the same length as the Kitty Regular string at about 48″ (122 cm). This is about 3″ (7.5 cm) longer than the YYT HighEnd Regular strings used for comparison in this review.
OK here is the million dollar question. How do changes in string tension affect the Ape Hangers? It is pretty clear that all string makers, especially those of higher end strings, love to talk about their strings resisting changes in string tension during play. MFD is no different as you saw in the video above. But are the claims true?
I am a scientist by training and so anytime a claim is made my automatic urge is to set up an experiment to test it. Thus, I mulled over a way to test the tension resistance of the Ape Hangers and compare it to other strings. After some thought I came up with a little test method that I think helps with this, as shown below:
I chose my two most used string brands and types to compare to the Ape Hangers: Kitty Regular 100% Poly and YoYoTricks Regular HighEnd Poly string. For this experiment I chose one of the orange Ape Hangers.
Each of the strings was placed on one of my three Armaments (it is handy having three identical yo-yos) and cut to the same length.
Each string was given three forward tosses, and on the third toss I did a quick Brain Scrambler with three revolutions.
I ran a series of five forward tosses, and during each toss I did two Brain Scramblers with exactly five revolutions (Brain Scrambler was chosen because it is quick and easy to keep track of). This gave each string a total of five forward throws and 50 Brain Scrambler revolutions.
The results from the tension test are shown in the two images below (for both runs of steps 4-7). As you can see, in both cases the Ape Hanger exhibited less winding, and it does appear to have resisted the change in string tension more than the other two strings.
These is another interesting aspect to this as well. When trying to gently pull the wound up strings apart, the Ape Hanger and HighEnd strings each unwound with no trouble, indicative of their higher quality. The Kitty String on the other hand formed unwinding knots and required more force to pull apart.
By the way, I am not claiming that my above test method is perfect and without faults. For example, it doesn’t take into account how these strings would play after a longer break in period. However, testing inadequacies aside, it is great to see that the Ape Hangers are good at resisting changes in tension from the get go. I am going to keep playing with those three yo-yos and see what happens, although I won’t be keeping track like I did above so it won’t be a rigorous test. Also, please note that MFD is not claiming that the Ape Hangers have better string tension resistance than other strings out there, but only that the Ape Hangers have excellent string tension resistance in general. So far, what I have seen and experienced indicates that this is indeed the case.
Anyway, does any of this make a difference during play? Well as I am sure you can guess, yes, it seems to. After using the Ape Hanger on my Tri-B all week, I have already noticed that I was indeed able to go for a long time without needing to reset the tension as compared to the Kitty strings which I have on most of my other yo-yos right now. This was especially nice when working on slacks and suicides (which I am not great at normally), and I noticed that the Ape Hangers loops remained open most of the time giving me plenty of opportunity to hit the tricks well. Given that I generally struggle with many of these tricks at the best of times with Kitty string, it was nice to have the Ape Hangers working for me in this regard.
I started this review by saying I couldn’t yet evaluate the effective lifetime of the strings because I haven’t yet spent enough time with them. However, I can say that over the past week I have used my new Tri-B a lot, and thus far I haven’t felt any need to change the Ape Hanger that it came with. By this time a Kitty string would be getting lifeless and I would be considering changing. So, even though that is only a single data point, my initial gut feeling is that the Ape Hangers will indeed have a longer life span as claimed by MFD. How much longer remains to be seen, and I will keep you posted on that.
All things considered, I can say that the Ape Hangers are really great strings in my opinion. I believe that they are certainly worth a try if you don’t mind paying more for strings (assuming that you aren’t already paying more for higher quality strings). I am generally a believer in the “you get what you pay for” mindset, and the value-to-cost ratio seems to be in favour of the Ape Hangers in this regard. A Kitty string typically costs about $0.20 per string in bulk, and the Ape Hangers are $0.43 per string in bulk. If one goes through more than two Kitty strings in the lifespan of a single Ape Hanger then there is no question about the value of spending more for a better string like the Ape Hangers.
So should you switch from another high end brand to Ape Hangers? Well, I can’t make that call for you, but I do think that at the very least it would be worth checking out the Ape Hangers to see how you like them. Since I haven’t tried all of the higher end strings out there I can’t really declare that Ape Hangers are able to climb right to the top of the heap. From the discussions about strings on the yo-yo community sites I get the distinct impression that many throwers are quite monogamous when it comes to strings brands and loyalties run deep. Such subjective opinions means that what I think is great in a string might not be what you think is great, and you may not be convinced to switch even if you try them. But try them you should, even just once.
What I can tell you for certain is that I for one will be making the switch, although perhaps that isn’t surprising given that Kitty strings are my norm. As it turns out I have quite a few Ape Hangers that came with my Tri-B and I will swap all of my yo-yos to Ape Hangers as the current strings wear out. Once I have used up my current supply of Ape Hangers I don’t see why I won’t buy more, especially since I can customize the colours. They feel great, play great, and thus far MonkeyfingeR has really impressed me with the quality of their products in general. They may just have made a new convert out of me!
Wow! That was a fantastic review, and I was very impressed that you took the time and effort to test the claims of tension resistance. Since I’m sponsored by MFD I have benefit from this feature without realizing how spoiled I was haha. It was interesting to see how similar strings stacked up. I like the idea of reviews having more tests like you have done. It’s a breath of fresh air to have compared to the more opinion based reviews we’ve all come to be used to. I will be keeping an eye on the site! It looks amazing and I’m really excited to see you put a direct link to r/Throwers at the top! 😀
Hi Mike! Thanks so much for your feedback, and I am glad you like the review and the site. It is nice to have one of the MFD team swing by to take a look 🙂
That was a very detailed and informative review, well done! I’m looking forward to trying these strings out very soon!??
If the roof over your head isn’t sturdy, it might as well not be there at all. You need your roof to protect you from the elements, so if it’s failing to perform you need to act quickly.
Elite Home Improvement is an experienced roofing company in Memphis, specializing in high quality roofing solutions for home and business owners. If your roof has seen better days, or if you’ve been considering an upgrade, there’s no better time than now to get in touch. For all your roof installation, maintenance and repair jobs, you can count on us.
Even the sturdiest roofs need repairs done every once in a while, and when they do it’s essential to choose a company you can trust. It may be tempting to get up on the ladder and try and repair the roof yourself, but without the proper training you run the risk of serious injury.
At Elite Home Improvement, our entire team has received extensive training, and is able to safely and efficiently perform roof repairs and maintenance of all kinds. Whether you need some shingles replaced or require a new waterproof seal, we would be happy to help.
Are you in search of a new roof for your home or office? If you’re looking to switch from one type of roofing material to another, our skilled staff can help you narrow down your options. Choosing the best material is more complicated than selecting which one looks the best, after all.
Our aim is to find the perfect roof for all our clients, which we do by taking the time to learn about their specific needs and vision. If eco-friendliness is a concern, we can recommend options that are more environmentally-minded. If the home is in an area that’s prone to heavy winds or storms, we can suggest materials that can withstand a significant amount of wear and tear.
By recognizing that each of our clients has unique needs, we are able to go above and beyond what other companies provide.
Elite Home Improvement understands how important that is, which is why we on stock the strongest materials for Memphis roofs. If we don’t trust a product, we won’t recommend it, it’s that simple.
The most important quality your roof needs to have is durability. You need a roof that can stand up to everything that comes its way. From the sunniest days to the rainiest nights, a good roof is one that continues to perform year after year.
Discover the difference a high quality roof can make in your life, and get in touch with Elite Home Improvement today. No matter what the issue is, we tackle each new project with a commitment to superior client care and service. For problems big and small, you can count on us to get the job done right, every time.
All information provided is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute a legal contract between Elite Home Improvement and any person or entity unless otherwise specified. Information is subject to change without prior notice. Although every reasonable effort is made to present current and accurate information, LinkNow™ Media makes no guarantees of any kind.
Disclaimer: eljardin.info is a completely automatic adult search engine specializing on free porn pictures. All of the pictures exposed on our site is hosted by websites that are not under our authority. The linked Images are mechanically collected and added into our website by our webscript. We do not own, make or host the Images displayed on this website. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. eljardin.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. Please contact us at sax2702z [@] gmail. com. If you find inappropriate content.
Sign up on romantic dating site, get acquainted with women and men from every corner of the world, fall in love, build long-term relationships and.
If you thought online dating websites are on the rise, than you would be right.. look at the anatomy of a dating scam, and how you can avoid fake romance. Jan 5, 2016. Its high season for online dating, so plot your moves carefully and dont use. on dating sites, 20 to 30 text exchanges if youre on a dating app. Is internet dating killing romance?. Online dating is no more or less romantic than meeting someone randomly. Theres plenty of serendipity involved.
Army CID is warning anyone who is involved in online dating to proceed with. in an online relationship with someone, on a legitimate dating website or other. Online dating and dating apps are one of the most popular ways to meet a new partner and there are more than 1,400 sites in the UK. The romantic social network that found its feet through Facebook, it helps people create and share their romantic journeys, with. Feb 29, 2016. 11 of American adults have used an online dating site or a mobile. want to find a romantic partner online 23 of Americans agree with the.
Online dating service for women seeking men and those men who looking for. Since 2011, we have been doing our best to make our online dating site as. It shouldnt be something expensive but make sure its romantic and touching. Online dating site members try to balance. a 2010 documentary film in which a group of men travel to Ukraine on a romance tour arranged by online dating. How to successfully turn your online fling into a real life romance.. Online dating sites see a big surge of new members signing up at the beginning of the year. Oct 20, 2014. Shreen Morrison had been on an online dating site for only a few weeks. Here are six red flags to help detect and sidestep romance scams.
Men increasingly targeted by romance scammers on online dating websites. use online dating sites to pose as people looking for love in order to snare their victims. Sign up in 30 seconds and find out why fun-loving singles in Romance are flocking to Mingle2. 100 free online dating. Get in on the action at Mingle.com. Online dating service gallery of Russian. Your personal success is our main priority so we offer a plenty of features that make romantic interaction. We connect with our friends and family through text, email, social networking sites (SNS), and instant messaging to name but a few. Through a variety of online.
Online dating service gallery of Russian. Your personal success is our main priority so we offer a plenty of features that make romantic interaction. day ago. A compilation of the best online dating sites for those looking for the right. leave you wondering whether finding romance online is possible. Men increasingly targeted by romance scammers on online dating websites. use online dating sites to pose as people looking for love in order to snare their victims. Men increasingly targeted by romance scammers on online dating websites. use online dating sites to pose as people looking for love in order to snare their victims. Our experts have reviewed the top online dating sites for seniors. Romantic games like Dating Frenzy 2 focus more on meeting guys and girls and starting conversations. 5 Best Free Online Kissing Games.
This is a placeholder page for Emilie Lawerence, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Emilie Lawerence.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Emilie Lawerence. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Emilie Lawerence. We created this page automatically in hopes Emilie Lawerence would find it. If you are not Emilie Lawerence, but are an alumni of Elkin High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Elkin High School	of Elkin, North Carolina
Digital painting completed as a school project. Instruction was to paint something with the theme of honoring the “vanishing voices” of indigenous Americans.
At the OSCE conference in Warsaw, the Ordo Iuris Institute organized a panel devoted to assessment of the functioning of the Norwegian Child Welfare Agency Barnevernet. Ordo Iuris experts pointed out the need to take steps to protect Norwegians seeking shelter in Poland as well as systemic support for Poles living in Norway today.
The panel entitled “Child protection services - right to respect for family life, the right to a fair trial and rights of the child” was organized shortly after lawyers of Ordo Juris submitted an application for asylum for a Norwegian woman who along with her eight-month daughter fled to Poland escaping the actions of Barnevernet.
Jerzy Kwaśniewski, Esq., representing the woman and her child, presented the assumptions of the report, indicating systemic violations of international guarantees of respect for family life by Norwegian state rules. He pointed to the danger of i.a. questioning the importance of kinship in child custody proceedings. He also mentioned typical pathologies of the system, which include limiting the child's contact with parents to 3-6 short meetings a year, and separating grandparents and siblings from the child in foster care. Breaking family ties and sporadic contacts naturally result in obliteration of the emotional bond of a child with his or her biological family, which in turn in the light of Norwegian court practice is the premise of ultimate breakdown of a child's relationship with the family. Kwaśniewski quoted Norwegian experts, including government experts, emphasising contradictions of legal regulations with, among others, the European Convention on Human Rights.
Filip Wołoszczak, Esq., from the department of Process Intervention at Ordo Juris discussed the proceedings of Barnevernet analysed by the Institute, pointing to their common features, such as sudden taking the child away, lengthy proceedings of Barnevernet and the courts, ultimate refusal to give the child to the parents due to his or her identified attachment to foster parents. The lawyer also pointed to typical conditions of depriving parents of custody, such as chronic fatigue, Paracetamol dependence, or even second pregnancy of the mother.
Karina Walinowicz, analyst of Ordo Iuris, discussed nine cases currently pending before the European Court of Human Rights against Norway concerning operation of the Barnevernet system. The proceedings show the full spectrum of Norwegian society - half of them concern native Norwegians, half of them immigrants from all over the world, including a Polish family.
The international conference “Human Dimension Implementation Meeting” of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe is held in Warsaw every year and lasts for two weeks, during which government delegations and representatives of non-governmental organizations meet to discuss the state of human rights and freedoms in the world. Ordo Iuris has participated in the event for the third time.
Ordo Iuris points out that the Commission on the Status of Women, which is a UN body, under the guise of "strengthening women" intends to promote the ideological "gender struggle" and abortive killing of unborn children. At the same time, it marginalises mothers who devote themselves to bringing up their children.
Ordo Iuris has long undertaken international activities aimed at protecting the family. These included the Institute's experts' participation in the Human Dimension Implementation Meeting organised in Warsaw by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE).
There are many myths about the legal protection of life in the public space. One of them is the claim that Poland, in comparison to most countries of the world, protects the life of unborn children very well. This was the topic of a press conference of the Ordo Iuris Institute.
The Convention on the Rights of the Family is an opportunity to treat families fairly and with dignity and to stop harmful ideologies. Lawyers of the Ordo Iuris Institute have prepared the world's first draft international agreement guaranteeing the fundamental rights and freedoms of the most discriminated social group - the family.
We encourage you to use the studies and materials prepared by the Ordo Iuris Institute for Legal Culture. At the same time, we would like to inform you that according to the applicable law, reprint of the contents on the Institute's website is possible provided that the author's name and source are mentioned (the website of the Ordo Iuris Institute for Legal Culture) (article 34 of the act of 4 February 1994 on copyright and related rights). In the case of reprints of publications of the Institute beyond the reporting of current events and beyond the timeframe in which the material is still valid from the point of view of the rate of information flow, prior approval of the Institute is advisable, to be obtained after contacting biuro@ordoiuris.pl)
There are some vaccines that you can get done for the specific seasonal disease like the strep throat and the common cold, and you can see in here what are does exactly.
Ischemic Heart Disease - Ischemia - Find information about ischemic heart disease called also ischemia. Find how to prevent the disease, what is the treatment, find the causes and more..
Information about strep throat - The way that the strep throat affection manifest on your body may differ from person to person but you must still be able to see exactly what disease is just to know how to cure it.
Booktoots' Healing - Discussing living a natural and healthy lifestyle while recuperating from a total knee replacement and other physicalities. Knee forum with over 165,000 readers.
The Body Principle - A blog about Fibromyalgia and related dis-eases. In this day and age it is imperative to monitor our own health. We must take our lives back into our own hands!…. One step at a time One day at a time! The Body Principle is helping by info
Health & Nutrition Facts for Bodybuilders - Bodybuilding, steroids, healthy eating, fitness, dieting and fat loss, latest news on anabolic steroids profiles and fat burning supplements and foods, information on vitamins, carbohydrates and proteins useful for athletes and bodybuilders.
Please note by submitting this form you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Service and the comment you are posting is in compliance with such terms. Be polite. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the moderator. Send us your feedback.
All trademarks and brand names which may be mentioned on this site are property of their respective owners.
I have a couple of roof lights with openers controlled by a stand-alone RF remote control handset (868.3Mhz).
Does anyone know how I can replace the remote control handset and control through Comfort? Ideally I would then operate via C-Bus switches.
Connect a Comfort Output to a RLY01 relay and connect the relay contacts to the button contacts that you want to operate. Use a Pulse action to the output to control the button of that remote - that would be like pressing the button manually
However if the button operation is toggle instead of individual on and off, then you will not know if each action would turn on or off the lights
Would have to look at the control mechanism as it must have an alternative to the RF controller and use the mechanical switch to a comfort relay.....
It's the beginning of a new era for Iron Man as renowned scribe Warren Ellis joins forces with digital painter Adi Granov to redefine the armored avenger's world for the 21st century... a landscape of terrifying new technologies that threaten to overwhelm fragile mankind! What is Extremis, who has unleashed it, and what does its emergence portend for the world?
The following courses have been reviewed and approved by the NYS Education Department as fulfilling specific developmental certification requirements for Human Development & Learning.
Please visit the New York State Education Department’s website to ensure that these courses fulfill your individual certification requirements.
Please contact the Office of Teaching Initiatives if you need clarification of your individual certification needs. Beyond the courses listed above, NYSUT cannot advise you as to which courses you should take to fulfill your specific certification requirements.
Effective 12/31/13, individuals pursing additional certificates are required to complete six clock hours of coursework or training in the Dignity Act in accordance with Article 2 Sections 10-18 of the Education Law. This training is available from the Education & Learning Trust.
Select NYSUT Education & Learning Trust (ELT) courses are approved by the New York State Education Dept. Office of Teaching Initiatives, as fulfilling certification requirements for specific certification titles. Students must take courses for graduate credit for certification requirements.
NYSUT Education & Learning Trust strongly recommends that individuals seeking to fulfill specific certification competency areas consult the State Education Department’s Certification Office at when selecting courses to fulfill certification requirements.
All individuals pursuing their first teaching certificate should complete a registered program at an accredited university or college.
Corporate Insight’s SlideShare and Scribd pages deliver our latest research to you in the most engaging manner possible! The pages make it easy for you to share our dynamic content – from slide decks to infographics – and will help to make you a thought leader in your industry.
Corporate Memory Improvement Training Courses & Workshops – Singapore's best memory training classes
Here’s a marvelous win/win system that will enable workers to remain solid and spurred, discover some new information and make tracks in an opposite direction from their work areas amid lunch – all in the meantime. The greater part of this is conceivable through another activity called Lunch and Learn, a speaker program offered to representatives amid the lunch hour. Occasions, which offer a mix of data and fervor, might be held in representative cafeterias, assembly rooms or gathering rooms.
Numerous businesses have discovered that their workers’ self-awareness and joy is unpredictably attached to their inspiration level and fulfillment from their occupations. Giving projects that will help them, both on an individual and expert level, can inconceivably enhance efficiency at work. A Lunch and Learn program can be a preparation or administration session, practice class, individual or business improvement workshop or an address on wellbeing or individual back. Prevalent themes incorporate “Stress Reduction,” “Time Management,” “Making arrangements for Retirement,” “Administering to Your Aging Parents” and “Compelling Communication and Relationship Skills.”
Lunch and Learns can likewise advance wellbeing and security, fortify corporate culture, present new activities, enhance correspondence, fabricate solidarity and show representatives they are esteemed by administration. A few bosses actualize Lunch and Learns as an approach to fulfill state or government rules and orders while others offer these projects just on the grounds that they are fun, instructive and raise worker resolve.
In workplaces, worker cooperation is frequently restricted to proficient trades, tending to the current work. Uniting laborers to seek after normal interests can be to a great degree gainful to both the representative and the business, expanding staff fellowship and productivity. Talk of various correspondence styles, outrage administration, decisiveness and assorted variety preparing additionally enable colleagues to interface all the more successfully both all around of the workplace.
Lunch and Learns are additionally a route for workers from various divisions to become more acquainted with each other. Sharing interests, diversions and even particular annoyances with collaborators can help make more beneficial and concordant working connections and cultivate a feeling of solidarity and cooperation among the staff.
With such a large number of duties officially tumbling to occupied HR divisions, a few businesses may feel that the advancement of a Lunch and Learn program isn’t a need. In any case, associations that offer the projects observe them to be one of the easiest and most financially savvy “esteem included” livens in their general worker bundles. Cheryl Latiff, EEO chief, National Weather Service, puts it thusly, “We have in the vicinity of six and eight extraordinary accentuation programs every year. Since we utilize the administrations of a speaker’s dresser it is an insignificant measure of work. Essentially, we simply promote the program and secure a meeting room.”
Organizations intrigued by executing Lunch and Learn programs require just to choose points of significant worth to representatives and market them viably through organization bulletins and signs posted all through the workplace. Since representatives will probably partake when empowered by their chiefs and directors, picking up administration bolster is a vital stride all the while.
HR offices might need to contact their neighborhood speaker’s dresser for offer assistance. Speaker’s dressers offer free consultative administrations and will go about as go between to locate the most suitable projects and the best speakers for your association. They will arrange plans, do the printed material, arrange contracts/charges and give speaker profiles and subject portrayals.
Organization administrators and Business proprietors alike discuss it constantly: “My representatives are excessively occupied with, making it impossible to require investment from their work to prepare or learn new aptitudes”. That is truly not quite a bit of a reason, but rather in an entrepreneurs mind, effectiveness is cash and the more cash made the more productive the business will move toward becoming. It’s a genuine lose-lose situation most definitely. Representatives need to develop to be more powerful in their occupations, yet when is there time to prepare and learn new abilities?
Presently there is an answer. It’s tied in with multitasking, yet it has been given an appealing name. It’s called Lunch and Learn and it is winding up progressively well known with both vast and independent ventures. Educators, speakers, medicinal work force, IT masters and so on are being made a request to hold preparing and data classes amid Lunch. Representatives basically bring their lunch and appreciate the time they typically spend eating, tuning in to educational talks, introductions and shows of extra aptitudes, programming progresses, new PC propels and so forth.
A prominent utilization of the Lunch and Learn thought is to instruct human services experts and executives in the advantages, uses and attributes of pharmaceutical medications that are new to the market. Lunch and Learn is an awesome approach to give lunch, a casual air and teach medicinal services experts about the most recent in medication or restorative advances. This fabricates information, regard and recognition with the item.
The way to a decent Lunch and Learn program is to motivate individuals to go to. Free nourishment, particularly on the off chance that it is the sort of sustenance a great many people like, is a major draw. Offering qualified speakers who can dazzle the group of onlookers helps too. Webcasts can likewise possess all the necessary qualities if that is proper for the topic. The thought is to offer extra instruction, preparing, ability learning and so forth amid an ordinary downtime for representatives. An incidental Lunch and Learn can truly help in keeping your representatives intrigued by work and accommodates an outlet to better prepare them without taking endlessly significant work time.
On the off chance that your Lunch and Learn program is intended for experts, particularly in the therapeutic field, it might be the main time these chiefs have amid their bustling day to find out about new items, medications et cetera. With healing center rounds, accessible as needs be obligations, family and work stacks, these experts require all the help they can get: A compelling, energizing Lunch and Learn program is the thing that a large number of them are searching for.
Lunch and Learn projects can be an intriguing blend to your present preparing or deals programs. They offer information upgrade at once amid the day when individuals still have bounteous vitality and are thinking more plainly than they may toward the finish of a bustling day. In the event that the program is fascinating and the sustenance is great, you might be shocked at how powerful Lunch and Learn programs are.
In this way, on the off chance that you haven’t had a Lunch and Learn program, maybe now is the ideal time to begin one up. There are many projects out there that can help you in going ahead and keeping up the energy picked up from Lunch and Learn instruction programs.
Here’s a fantastic win/win technique that will enable representatives to remain sound and roused, discover some new information and make tracks in an opposite direction from their work areas amid lunch – all in the meantime. The greater part of this is conceivable through another activity called Lunch and Learn, a speaker program offered to representatives amid the lunch hour. Occasions, which offer a mix of data and fervor, might be held in worker cafeterias, assembly rooms or meeting rooms.
Numerous businesses have discovered that their representatives’ self-improvement and bliss is unpredictably attached to their inspiration level and fulfillment from their employments. Giving projects that will help them, both on an individual and expert level, can boundlessly enhance profitability at work. A Lunch and Learn program can be a preparation or administration session, practice class, individual or business improvement workshop or an address on wellbeing or individual fund. Prevalent themes incorporate “Stress Reduction,” “Time Management,” “Making arrangements for Retirement,” “Nurturing Your Aging Parents” and “Viable Communication and Relationship Skills.”
Lunch and Learns can likewise advance wellbeing and security, fortify corporate culture, present new activities, enhance correspondence, assemble cooperation and show workers they are esteemed by administration. A few managers actualize Lunch and Learns as an approach to fulfill state or government rules and commands while others offer these projects just on the grounds that they are fun, instructive and raise representative resolve.
In workplaces, worker association is frequently constrained to proficient trades, tending to the current work. Uniting laborers to seek after regular interests can be to a great degree gainful to both the representative and the business, expanding staff brotherhood and productivity. Talk of various correspondence styles, outrage administration, decisiveness and decent variety preparing additionally enable collaborators to connect all the more adequately both all around of the workplace.
Lunch and Learns are likewise a route for workers from various offices to become acquainted with each other. Sharing interests, side interests and even particular annoyances with colleagues can help make more profitable and concordant working connections and cultivate a feeling of solidarity and cooperation among the staff.
With such a significant number of duties officially tumbling to occupied HR offices, a few managers may feel that the advancement of a Lunch and Learn program isn’t a need. In any case, associations that offer the projects observe them to be one of the least difficult and most financially savvy “esteem included” livens in their general worker bundles. Cheryl Latiff, EEO chief, National Weather Service, puts it along these lines, “We have in the vicinity of six and eight extraordinary accentuation programs every year. Since we utilize the administrations of a speaker’s dresser it is an insignificant measure of work. Essentially, we simply publicize the program and secure a meeting room.”
Organizations keen on actualizing Lunch and Learn programs require just to choose subjects of significant worth to representatives and market them adequately through organization pamphlets and signs posted all through the workplace. Since representatives will probably take part when empowered by their administrators and chiefs, picking up administration bolster is a vital stride all the while.
HR divisions might need to contact their nearby speaker’s dresser for offer assistance. Speaker’s dressers offer free consultative administrations and will go about as intermediary to locate the most proper projects and the best speakers for your association. They will facilitate plans, do the printed material, arrange contracts/charges and give speaker profiles and theme depictions.
For more information on our lunch and learn lunchtime talk in Singapore or tea time talks, please contact us at :
Alternatively, you may choose to drop us a message via the contact form below. We will strive to get back to you within 24 hours.
Lunchtime talks, lunch talk, corporate talks in Singapore, lunch and learn in Singapore, Singapore lunch time talks, Lunch talk in Singapore, Singapore lunchtime talk.
Alternatively, you may drop us a message below and we will strive to get back to you in the next 24 hours.
We as a whole should recall things consistently. Fortunately for us, our memory can be expanded and we can recall more things on the double. We simply need to utilize couple of strategies. Promptly toward the starting we need to comprehend that recollecting covers something other than recalling names. Memory has a substantially greater part in our lives. Memory is a general natural capacity that empowers us to center our conduct so we can effectively experience numerous troubles. Recollecting our encounters from a couple of days, weeks or even years back, and particularly their implications, makes our life so significantly simpler. In the event that our memory is working effectively, there is less shot that we will commit a similar error indeed.
Memory makes us ready to associate past with present or future, so we can modify our conduct in view of past encounters. Memory keeps us rationally dynamic. It keeps data in our mind dynamic and constantly prepared. In the event that our memory has a great deal of useless data put away, there won’t be sufficient profitable intuition to keep us pushing ahead. To indicate how huge part of memory truly is, I’ll get you few circumstance which it comes to articulation. The better our memory in specific circumstances is, the better and quicker we will finish our employment or accomplish objectives. Without our memory we can’t finish any of the accompanying assignments:
Expansion, subtraction, duplication, separating, recollecting addresses, recalling arrangements, recalling birthday events and different commemorations, recollecting names, telephone numbers… The part of memory is possibly less unmistakable, yet essential in following undertakings: Making choices, getting the hang of, arranging, perusing, critical thinking, perusing cognizance… Obviously, we could make the rundown substantially more extensive and greater in light of the fact that, essentially, whatever we do includes our memory. This may sound entertaining to you, however attempt to make a rundown of exercises you could manage without your memory. That rundown would cover just normal reflexes I’d say… The greatest estimation of memory is that it interfaces time and data. Memory underpins our mental exercises.
From the minute we are conceived recollections are principal to our advancement. They shape the premise on which our measures, conviction frameworks, states of mind and desires are framed. We consolidate our recollections into our oblivious personalities database and unconsciously reference back to them as we experience our lives. When something transpires we check for good, awful, commonplace, new and after that choose how to respond consequently, all in a brief instant of time.
Every one of our faculties are fused into our recollections. For the duration of our life a memory can be activated by an odor, a taste, a moniker, even the tone of someones’ voice, a specific expression, the state of someones’ head out yonder. Every one of these things shape some portion of our memory bank and, when re-fortified, can actuate great or terrible reactions, positive or negative sentiments and responses.
At the point when challenges are out of hand our great recollections can give a critical consolation that things will turn out to be better sooner or later. Terrible and great encounters are a measuring stick in our lives, they give an indicator against which we can gauge ensuing occasions. Setting aside opportunity to think about past terrible encounters and review how they enhanced, or ponder great encounters and grin can help us to continue onward and proceed with a feeling of good faith.
A few people survive their recollections. In more established individuals particularly, recollections can shape a substantial piece of their manners of thinking. Numerous things that transpire in their day by day life are contrasted with their past life encounters. Remarks like, ‘when I was a young lady/kid’ or ‘that never occurred in my day’ can regularly frame a considerable piece of their discussions.
In more established individuals recollections can frame a pivotal piece of their satisfaction. They recollect times when they were more youthful, dynamic and occupied with building their lives, possibly mingling, meeting their accomplice, constructing a home and family together. Frequently they amnesify the terrible parts. There might be a feeling that things were extreme, yet it is regularly connected in with a sentiment stoicism and pulling together. Memories are about the extraordinary circumstances and connections.
Setting aside opportunity to share those recollections in a warm, intrigued way can be exceptionally animating to more seasoned individuals. Staff in private administer to more established individuals regularly think that its intriguing how enlivened and positive their occupants move toward becoming when they have time spent taking a gander at old photos or talking about their childhood. Their recollections are regularly evident with consistently detail being reviewed.
Giving jolt to our psyches is a remedial movement. Being helped to remember what we have done, how far we have come in our lives, the things that we have endeavored and what we have accomplished can be a disclosure, particularly after a drawn out stretch of time. These recollections can frequently revive a feeling of character and self-esteem. Also, in some cases raise our inclination and give the inspiration to begin something new.
A standout amongst the most staggering elements of mankind is its endowment of memory. The cerebrum is a huge organ that is controlled with the capacity to record everything without exception without a cognizant exertion. While a portion of the occasions and events that you may see or hear or see might be recorded deliberately, there are a mess of things that the mind registers without your cognizant learning and mindfulness, in the intuitive. The energy of the cerebrum is substantially more than what you may consider it. Nonetheless, memory is something that we tend to underestimate, since most parts of life get recorded precipitously. It is just with age that we have a tendency to understand the significance of memory preparing tips and methods for honing recollections. It would help essentially on the off chance that you could pay special mind to memory preparing tips even before you felt the requirement for memory preparing.
There are memory preparing tips that are basic and straight forward, as contrasted and some specific preparing programs that you may generally expect. For example, did you realize that a way of life loaded with fun and giggling could include among the noticeable things in memory preparing tips? It is an impression of the identity and mentality that one has towards life that makes fun and silliness, a portion of the imperative factors in memory. The impact that positive feelings have on others would be responded in kind, prompting a positive, sensational condition that is useful for the cerebrum.
There are other mentally empowering exercises accessible which could highlight among the key memory preparing tips. Amusements, for example, chess and also exercises, for example, origami are critical distinct advantages with regards to memory improvement and advancement. These advantages emerge off the beaten path in which the cerebrum is kept effectively occupied with the procedures engaged with the amusements. Exercises, for example, crosswords or Sudoku fall in a comparable classification, deserving of being said under memory preparing tips. Standard physical action and activities help in expanding the blood dissemination rates to the whole body. Increment available for use helps in expanding the amount of oxygen made accessible to the cerebrum, which helps towards expanding the viability of memory and execution of the mind. Other memory preparing tips would include upkeep of a solid eating routine and concentrating on a dynamic admission of the correct nourishments that are known to enhance the working of the cerebrum.
While memory methods are not another thing, the comprehension of human memory has dependably been confounded. Human Memory is a standout amongst the most essential things in human information.
Memory is not insight, the energy of the brain to process and deduct is credited to knowledge, yet we do realize that memory has some part in helping an effective personality. Every logical teach are guided by many guidelines and conditions, without memory even the most capable personality would move lost in back to a similar essential thoughts again and again. Understanding is additionally connected to memory, once you see some thought or idea you stand a superior possibility of recollecting that it.
All people have a restricted limit with respect to memory, there are some uncommon instances of exceptional memory capacities, yet the vast majority despise that uncommon blessing. With our constrained limit people have contrived many types of correspondence to enable us to recollect thoughts and thoughts, even several years of age. It not just thoughts and ideas that we can permit memory of, it is sentiments and feelings, and certain minutes in our lives you prize. Consider perusing the recollections of a student of history that lived in the roman realm time, giving you realize what was life around then you can see practically every part of his life.
Despite the fact that memory is not Intelligence, memory methods prepare the psyche and practice its capacity. Memory methods practices support intellectual prowess and pushes the mind to process what it recollects.
In the event that you simply took in a man’s name, envision in regards to how that individual will be pivotal to you later on, where you are likely to see them consequently, and anything you see about them. Other great memory preparing includes disclosing to yourself why you long for recollect something, and how you will recall it. Clearly observing the centrality of recollecting will empower the cerebrum to hold the name, and the additional connections in the mind (where you hope to see the individual next, for instance) stick the name significantly more solidly in your memory.
The least difficult memory work out is to start instructing yourself to remember. On the off chance that you simply educated a man’s name, for instance, advise yourself, “recollect that”. This demonstrates the oblivious personality to review this exertion higher in significance.
One memory method goes back to the old Romans, when planning to make a discourse, the roman speaker would stroll around his garden and partner diverse parts of the discourse to various parts of the garden by setting parts of the discourse at various areas chose over the garden. A memory procedure that utilized pictures, or area is at some point best for individuals giving discourses, they can utilize this memory method while giving the discourse to “walk” themselves around a place they know about and recall all the piece of the discourse. All relies upon symbolism, the more splendid pictures you recollect, the less odds of overlooking.
A memory system we can attempt utilizes area, for example, a garden, your office, your home or different areas you know all around ok. Starts by beginning strolling around the house and select ten spots you will need to put something or partner a memory to. Keep in mind them in your brain in some specific request and order. Presently when you need to recall a rundown of things, relate them to any of the areas/objects of your home or office. Do this with mental symbolism and even sounds, dependably incredibly. Presently, when you need to recollect your rundown of things, you will simply need to stroll through your home and everything will be clear in your psyche.
Better memory begins that minute you comprehend the memory strategy, however doesn’t end until the point that you rehearse the new memory systems again and again. Good fortunes enhancing your memory.
Memory improvement training courses in Singapore, Memory improvement training workshops in Singapore, Memory improvement training classes in Singapore, Singapore memory courses, Singapore memory workshops, Singapore memory classes, Memory training in Singapore.
Copyright © 2018 Corporate Memory Improvement Training Courses & Workshops . All Rights Reserved	| Graduate by Theme Palace
I am planning to build a corner piece for my entry way. I would like to make a curved door with rails, stiles, panel. I have not decided on which type of hardwood yet. I've been doing some googling. I found the following video showing how to use bendable plywood.
I then found another video which implied that bending plywood is not reliable and will warp, although it is essentially an advertisement for a door maker.
I did find some information about coping pieces together, although I'm not sure I have quite a handle yet on how I would use my router to smooth out the concave and convex sides, but with enough youtubing, I can probably figure out how to make the jigs
Any comments about how best to make these doors for a Hobbyist? Bent plywood or coped solid hardwood?
Bendy plywood is a great way to make the panels unless you want to make a raised panel. The most reliable way to get a good smooth curve is to make a positive and negative form and use straight or pipe clamps to apply pressure over the entire surface of the panel. You can get away with one form and strap clamps but you do risk bubbles in between the areas where you don't have clamps.
You will need to create curved rails from solid stock which means either access to a band saw for cutting solid stock into strips to bend or steam bending.
I went the coopered way for this but have made a room door for an en-suite bathroom by making a curved framework then skinned it with 6mm ply.
I have used bending plywood before with success. If you go that route check on the different grades available.
I watched the two videos posted above. Something bothered me about the second video when the plywood was unscrewed and then it popped up. I guess the cabinet shop perhaps forgot some glue (see screenshot).
I have made them both by gluing up strips on a form and by coopering. No experience with bendy ply. I suspect you would need to apply a nice veneer on top of the ply anyhow, so not sure of the value in the method.
Coopering is the most predictable method. Its what Krenov used. Heart of the matter is to cut edges into proper angle. Surface must be well milled, any defect will show embarassingly. Best way to get the angle with a quality edge is to adjust the fence on your jointer to the proper angle and joint the angle into the board. Be sure to keep your pieces in the original sequence for the best appearance.
Laminations produce good results, too. If you have a veneering pump and bag, this is definitely the way to go.
One form or two is debatable. Two perfect forms are great, but hard to get perfect. Remember the two radii will be different. A loose fit between the two forms is guaranteed to produce bubbles.
I recall a nifty article in Fine Woodworking a few years back by Michael Fortune on making a curved cabinet. Probably on Utube somewhere.
Look up Woodworker Jeff Miller, who's located here in Chicago. he does mild to wild lamination work all the time. I've taken a couple of classes with him. He uses Resin Glue, with a Dust mask to prevent any of the dry powder getting into his lungs while he's mixing up the glue since it's SO reactive to moisture[ and lungs have moisture in them..]
I suspect you would need to apply a nice veneer on top of the ply anyhow, so not sure of the value in the method.
PSCMR College of Engineering and Technology Campus Events, Symposiums, Conferences, Workshops, Seminars, FDP
Past Conferences, Symposiums, Seminars, Campus Events, Fests, FDP, Lectures, Workshops in PSCMR College of Engineering and Technology.
IBICA 18 9th International Conference on Innovations in Bio-Inspired Computing and Applications 2018
This website uses Cookies and saves data in order to run it's functionality. Further details can be found here. Accept
Bird Repellants - Bird-X is the industry leader in bird control devices ranging from bird spikes to ultrasonic sound repellers. Bird Control Products from Bird-X
Industrial Equipment & Products (UK) - Since 1975 ESE has been a leading independent UK manufacturer and supplier of an ever increasing range of industrial storage equipment, materials handling, workshop equipment, facilities and maintenance equipment, health and safety products, changing room furniture, lockers, cupboards and general business products. Check our online catalog.
Building a Garden Fence for Protection - DeerFence.com is committed to providing customers with the best deer fencing materials available at the best possible prices. All of our deer fence systems have been tested and approved by third party companies such as the National Home and Garden Club. When you set up a DeerFence.com deer fence, you can be confident that you are installing the finest deer fencing available. Attention DIY'ers! We have new complete kits available. Buy all the materials at one time and save big! Shop our Complete Garden Kits today.
Garden Decorations - How to create atmosphere in your garden? You get it by a garden decoration that matches your personality on the one hand, and with the style of your garden on the other hand get rid of those dull and boring garden walls. Forever forget the gray colours that are surrounding your garden. How exactly? By using garden canvases with joyful prints, colours and images. As you were looking to the ugly concrete or wooden garden walls before, you will now only see wonderful cloths and posters. They will make you dream away to a whole other world. gardendecoration.co.uk, decorate your garden walls with beautiful images!
Outdoor Pine Furniture - Pinecraft.com is a fast-growing internet retailer of Amish made products. With the increase of people looking for high quality, American made items; Pinecraft.com is positioned to offer exactly what you are looking for. With over 1,500 unique, high quality products and more added monthly, you're sure to find those unique products to enhance your home. Check our catalog.
Trees & Shrubs (UK) - We are a mail order nursery, specialising in hedging, trees, fruit, roses and shrubs. We deliver these plus a range of planting accessories across mainland UK. Get advice on choosing, planting and aftercare of the plants we sell. We will also always try to help with queries about other plants as well. Look here, or email or call us if you prefer. Our section on Advice on Diseases and Conditions tries to cover the most usual conditions that your plants may suffer and to offer advice on diagnosis and treatment. Visit www.ashridgetrees.co.uk
Real Palm Trees - We have the largest online palm tree selection of species in the world. With over 1500 combination of products, our customer always find the perfect palm tree in the right size. Customer's purchase online, and our palm tree and related products get delivered to their front door step. With less than 1% customer returns, our customer's are happy. Buy A Certified Palm Tree Today! Great For Interior Or Exterior Design!
Growing a Bonsai Tree - Bonsai is an art-form that has been around for hundreds, even thousands of years. Although it's a highly rewarding hobby, too often it is seen as difficult and steeped in tradition. We teach you the basics of Bonsai in this course using video-tutorials, text guides and a quiz. Everything we do is practically oriented; we assist you in growing and styling your very own Bonsai tree. We include a section about what Bonsai is, about the several techniques applied to create and maintain them, and about how to actually style one yourself from cheap beginner material (widely available). Eager to grow a Bonsai tree yourself? Stop hesitating and use this course to get a taste of this fascinating hobby! Really, you can do this without any prior knowledge or even green thumbs. Learn how to grow Bonsai trees
Outdoor & Patio Furniture - Finding outdoor patio furniture at wholesale prices does not mean you have to sacrifice style, comfort and durability. Not only can you find just the style of furniture you need, but you can also find ways to maximize your purchase so that you save as much as possible. When you begin searching for patio furniture it is very important to know what to look for in a good deal. Design Furnishings - Outdoor Furniture For Less
Smartpot for Growing Houseplants - Click & Grow is innovative smartpot for growing houseplants. What makes Click & Grow special is that plants grow in it on their own, without any outside help. A plant that grows in the Click & Grow smartpot does not need watering, fertilizing or any other kind of care. The whole process of plant growth is taken care of by the sensors, software and precise electronics in the smartpot. A truly remarkable gadget for the modern person. Smart Herb Garden
Garden Sheds & Greenhouses (UK) – Our company is UK's leading website selling a wide range of garden sheds, metal sheds, playhouses, log cabins, greenhouses, summer houses and more. Great Sheds, Great Prices. Sheds.co.uk is one of the UK's leading suppliers of wooden sheds and greenhouses.
Hydroponics Systems - Dealzer Hydroponics is one of the most popular online hydroponic gardening stores. Buy your hydroponics systems here to grow fresh, organic indoor plants right in your own home! Whether you are looking to buy a hydroponic grow box or a hydroponic grow tent, Dealzer.com is your source for the high quality hydroponic systems that produce organic plants. Our hydroponics grow boxes and grow tents will blow your mind away. We specialize in only the highest quality hydroponic grow rooms. If you are new to indoor gardening, you can jump start your hydroponics experience with our hydroponics training manual and 12 month tech support system. Grow Plants Indoors!
Wicker & Rattan Furniture - Since 1982 we have provided the finest quality in wicker and rattan furniture at discounted prices, with knowledgeable advice and unsurpassed customer service. We sell the most famous names in all-weather, outdoor and indoor wicker/rattan furniture. Click here.
Natural Stone Tiles - These are do-it-yourself natural stone products. Our products are easy to install by anyone and provide a seamless "zen" look that is becoming increasingly more popular. View our online catalog.
How to Build a Chicken Coop – We have a collection of coop plans together that would help everyone get the coop they wanted. Coop designs that include the diagrams and plans needed to help build them, but most importantly that are not just ideas for coops, but real coops that have actually been built and used. Read more.
Tree Care Problems - National Arborists is dedicated to providing tree care consumers with answers to questions they may have, regarding tree care problems, if they are seeking information on trees, or may be looking for a local tree service for tree work. Visit this site.
Editor's Note: This site is only applicable to the USA at this stage, but we plan to expand the site to include other major countries and continents.
Rattan Garden Furniture - RattanGardenFurniture.co.uk are specialists in rattan garden furniture and garden accessories including parasols, barbecues and more. They have furniture to suit gardens of all shapes and sizes, with dining sets, day beds and sofas offering something for everyone. We understand what it takes to make a functional, stylish and overall enjoyable garden. They believe that a garden should be used to its full potential and as a respected supplier of high quality furniture, they help their customers do just that. RattanGardenFurniture.co.uk Great savings on garden dining sets, day beds, barbecues and more…
Landscaping Designs - We now have over 7000 Landscaping Designs, instructions and videos to build the Landscape you always wanted. This massive collection of photos, ideas, and simple step-by-step details is designed to help home owners make some progress with their plan to liven up their home with the perfect landscaping. It's meant to save you money and give you the choices that you would otherwise not find if you settled for magazines or your landscaping contractor. With this database, you'll truly be able to choose the "dream home" landscape you've always wanted to have. Click here!
The Perfect Lawn - Zoysia Farms is the leading supplier of zoysia grass plus to home owners. Zoysia lawns stay green even in the heat of summer with no need for watering. Fights weeds naturally with thick growth. For over 50 years we have helped improve America's lawns. If you're tired of seeding, watering, fertilizing & working all season long to stay ahead of weeds and crabgrass, it's time to consider zoysia. Once you've planted our Amazoy zoysia grass in a new or existing lawn, you'll be rewarded by a lawn that is lush and low maintenance. Visit Zoysia Farms
Commercial Furniture & Fittings - We now offer a wide range of commercial site furnishings from Barco Products and offer only the best. We feature top quality goods at competitive prices. From commercial outdoor furniture to parking lot supplies, our site furnishings are specially selected for their durable features.. From picnic tables, park benches, waste receptacles, and cigarette butt receptacles to speed bumps, wheel stops, speed humps, parking blocks, safety barricades, barriers, bike racks, planters, outdoor message boards and more, you'll benefit from a broad selection of site amenities. Barco Products
Outdoor Wicker Patio Furniture - WickerCentral.com is the premier ecommerce site for outdoor wicker patio furniture and accessories. We are authorized dealers for national brands like Lloyd Flanders, Northcape International (Chicago Wicker), Whitecraft and many more. We also carry many exclusive products. We feature free shipping to any of the 48 states. WickerCentral.com
Autodesk the Design Resource Leader - Autodesk is a world leader in 2D and 3D design, engineering, and entertainment software. 100 percent of the Fortune 100 use Autodesk products to design, visualize, and simulate their projects to save time and money, enhance quality, and foster innovation. Buy online at the Autodesk Store! Check out current Autodesk Promotions Here!
Renewable Energy Systems, Wind Turbines & Solar Panels - We are the #1 online destination for Renewable Energy Products, Professionals and Financing. We not only retail small renewable energy systems, wind turbines, and solar panels; for larger installations we connect you to renewable energy professionals in your area. Through our extensive relationships in the renewable energy industry we deliver consumers the highest quality products, services and information. GoGreenSolar.com - #1 online destination for solar panels & wind power!
Imagine Pro Landscaping & Outdoor Living - The Delamere Group is pleased to offer this new software that by using a photo of your own home or one of the home models that is provided; you can create full-color, printable images using Landscaping & Outdoor Living. This package comes with a database of hundreds of product images specific to that area of home improvement. You can experiment and see your home in a different landscape design, with a new tree, different annuals, shrubs, statuary or just a simple change of accessories all with just a few clicks of the mouse. Read more.
Garden Fountains - Our Garden Fountains are a popular amenity for gardens large and small. The pleasant flow of water helps block background noise and enhance the tranquility and peacefulness of your outdoor areas. Browse our large selection of outdoor fountains and water features. We are proud of our large selection of quality fountains, and strive to ensure you receive exactly what you are looking for! We have an excellent selection of water wall fountains, made from fiberglass, copper, cast stone, or our exclusive sandstone finish. Browse our online catalog.
Gardening Products for our UK Clients - With a massive variety of products and through dedication to quality, service and value for money, our UK business is now becoming a force to be reckoned with in mail-order Gardening. Check our highly competitive pricing with delivery inclusive. Click here.
Including groundcover in your garden design - Classy Groundcovers ships over 130 varieties of quality groundcovers: evergreen flowering grasses, perennials, ivy, daylilies, vinca, hosta, ferns and other ground covers. Click here to visit Classy Groundcovers to purchase high-quality ground covers at a great price.
Dynamic pressure based on static pressure, meter size, pipe sizes and materials and length, number and type of fittings, valves and backflow preventer
From all these factors, it calculates a suggested watering schedule (number of waterings per week and number of mintues per watering)
Enter information from your local water bill, plus system flow rate and run time, and the program will calculate cost to run the system per week, month and year
Two versions of the same program are available: a handheld computer version for Palm-type devices, and a Windows version that simulates the handheld version on your desktop computer. Buy i HydroCalc Palm OS
Flowers & Bulbs from Holland - Holland is the world's oldest and largest producer of flower bulbs, and most Dutch Gardens bulbs are grown along the northwest coast of Holland in the bulb-growing area known as the Northern Sand District. For nearly a century, Dutch Gardens has been supplying Holland's finest bulbs and plants to beautify gardens throughout the U.S and other countries. Bulbs Direct From Holland
Garden Buildings for our UK clients - High quality garden buildings at discounted prices including sheds, log cabins, summerhouses, playhouses and accessories. They offer Free UK Delivery and offer the widest range in the UK. Click here.
Bonsai Trees for the home or office - Bonsai Boy of New York is a family operated, certified New York State nursery. As tree growers, we maintain superior product quality and offer our bonsai trees and other accessories at low wholesale prices. Our goal is to delight our customers beyond their expectations. Largest selection of Bonsai Trees on the Internet with an extensive selection of Table Top Fountains, Waterfalls, and Artificial/Preserved Bonsai. Bonsai Boy of NY
How to create & grow a Bonsai - There's finally a quick and easy way to create your very own Bonsai...even if you're new at it and you're not exactly a "green thumb". Every single step...from the types of trees & plants that are suitable for Bonsai, to the many different styles and techniques are laid out for you in a groundbreaking new book called, Bonsai Gardening Secrets.
Site Design & Landscaping - We recommend a search of this online bookstore that specializes in environmental issues. A great series of books related to building site design, garden layout, and landscaping, all which are related to energy saving and contributing toward helping our world environmental problems. Go to Wiley.com
business | marketing | global trade | internet | real estate | travel | education | construction | about us | home | search
She's been working late, She comes home, Gets on the phone, Calls up a few close friends, Gets a bottle of wine or something, And as the evening draws on they sit and reminisce....
The royal family gathered to pose before the annual Diplomatic Reception at Buckingham Palace on Dec. 8, 2016. The dress code is white tie and tiaras and the royal men who are members of the Order of the Garter wear their garters. Garnet E. McGee, 88, formerly of Allentown, died Monday, April 3, in Cedarbrook Fountain Hill Annex. She was the wife of the late James C.
This teen spirit smells authentic, none more fragrantly than Star, with her piled locs and guileless approach to what is essentially a scam operation. Innocence will fade with curiosity; Arnold sets up scenarios that could be hazardous to Star’s safety, as she tests new freedom, not considering the worst. Her free spirit is obvious without every animal metaphor Arnold tosses in (rescued insects, a chummy bear, penned up cows)..
The silk pillow is done in very smooth with a feather/down insert. The back is embroidered silk sateen. Image at left shows both the front and back of the pillow. The commentators, between their own fan girl/fan boy geek outs, kept referencing just exactly how significant this aspect or that aspect of the wedding ceremony was because it hearkened back to Queen Victoria or King Edward or Charlemagne.In light of the intense interest in the royal wedding, particularly American interest, it’s odd to consider that some 250 years or so ago, the British were as big of an enemy to the Thirteen Original Colonies the eventually United States as anybody stateside could possibly imagine. Not ISIS, not the Viet Cong, not Nazis. The British.
Looking across at the end of Laurel Ridge, I could see the hoarfrost line reaching down only a hundred feet or so. The ice glittered and glowed as the sun winked in and out. Hoarfrost clung to patches of rough bark that stood out on the trunks of oak trees.
Art Deco was pretty popular in the 1930s among the rich and famous. You could do a centralized theme of your 1930s party in Art Deco. Cheap Art Deco posters can be found online and then generously hung on the walls around your party area. One day, about a decade ago, a knife ended his father life. Perez two brothers had already made their way to Kentucky and so, with the services of a trafficker, Perez took buses through Mexico and walked across the Sonoran Desert. Carmelinda soon joined him.
Christopher Miller is a Cotutelle Doctoral Researcher based at the Universities of Glasgow and Sydney. He graduated from the University of Glasgow (2009) with a BSc Hons (First Class) in Psychology. Post graduation he worked as a Research Assistant on a large scale public engagement study with the University of Glasgow Sleep Centre investigating biomarkers for sleepiness.
It is harrowing and bracing, both. It is why his book runs to more than a thousand pages and why it is worth the sacrifice of every tree felled to publish it. It is one of two quite durable media currently in reach.. Nov. 30: front door of home kicked in to gain entry; door frame sustained $100 in damages; HP 15 inch laptop valued at $200 stolen; investigation ongoing. Nov.
It’s a family affair at Le Gallois Y Cymro. Lord knows, most of us would hate to work with ours, but at this Canton restaurant, chef Padrig Jones has his sister and her husband in charge of front of house. No one yells at anyone else, no skeletons fall out of cupboards and remarkably everything at this lovely French restaurant runs as smoothly as a Parisian wine waiter’s patter..
LaBarca, Brancaccio, and Reynolds also pled guilty for their roles in extorting payments from various businesses’ owners and individuals based in New York City through the use of violence and threats. In one instance, LaBarca, Brancaccio, and others threatened a small business owner with guns and threats of death in an effort to extort tens of thousands of dollars. The two also pled guilty to committing assaults for the Gambino family..
Bocce r en av de ldsta sporterna i vrlden som vl mest spelade bakom fotboll och golf. Spelet handlar om kastar en liten kula, ofta kallad pallino, ned en rektangulr domstol. Efter att pallino, blir mlet fr att f din bocce bollar nrmast pallino. The main sights on this trip were Tower Rock, which is just down from Wittenberg and a big sandbar a few miles down from there. Tower Rock is aptly named as it is an island composed of a tall rock with a channel that flows on either side. This landmark is a historic place, as it is mentioned as far back as the early French settlers in the late 1600s.
We were thinking of trying to see a movie, but of course all the movie theaters were closed, so we just headed home and spent the evening together making extra special hot chocolate and watching tv shows. It turned out to be a lovely Saturday night in and we had fun anyways. We are planning on rescheduling everything, but it will be a little difficult since Christmas is so close..
Likely another rain to snow setup. We have to watch that one for Monday AM commute.And that really is the theme of all 3, travel impacts if they arrive at the wrong time. So we still need to watch them closely as even 1″ of snow can give us trouble.For you BOTS fans, the pattern looks too progressive to me to see anything show up.
She was born July 4, 1922, in Salina, Utah to George Jacob Brox, Jr., and Rachel Rasmussen. Edna grew up in Marysvale. She married Dale Ross Ogden in the Manti LDS Temple when she was 17. Chris Tidrick will teach you how to take great photos of your landscape and he says that it has very little to do with the camera you use! Whether you shoot with a digital SLR, point and shoot or even your phone, you can take frame worthy photos. All you have to do is learn a few techniques, and then shoot. Chris will teach you the basic techniques of garden photography that can be used with the camera you already own..
Matter which way you look at it, and how you cut this, at the end of the day, this is the most overused phrase at the moment. This is the can that is going to be kicked down the road, said Quest, while displaying an actual can to illustrate his point of repeated continuing resolutions. At when they start kicking this can, and you really start to see the problem.
Or, in this case, his fingers. The Scientologist/pilot/dancer always pops into Tom’s when he visits Miami. He doesn’t do so for the many high def TV sets, or the noisy ambiance, or the bar food menu. First Edition : September 2014, ISBN 978 93 80732 32 9, 192 Pages, PaperbackIt began as a travelogue narrating the wanderings of three young men in the tense, forested heartland of Chhotonagpur in early 1990s. Looking back, it has turned out to be a site of buried memories, personal and collective of famine, Partition, Naxalite movement in 1970s, and the shadows and echoes of a lost era. Fashioned out of diverse materials that include memoirs, gazetteers, a journal and vintage photographs, this book inhabits the unclassifiable and provocative space between history and fiction, autobiography and narrative non fiction.
What’s the connective thread linking, below from left, Mississippi mud rockers 3 Doors Down, ’90s radio standbys Collective Soul and Minnesota grunge country veterans Soul Asylum? “Two of them have the same word in them,” deadpanned Soul Asylum singer Dave Pirner. But after meeting members of both bands on this summer’s Rock and Roll Express Tour, which hits St. Petersburg July 11, Pirner realized they’d get along just swell.
High purity 1, 2, 4 trichlorobenzene become the popular fine chemicals and intermediates in international pesticide market, The early 1990s, the World 1,2,4 trichlorobenzene mainly rely on ineffective body processed into mixed trichlorobenzene,mixed trichlorobenzene production of about 50,000 t / a, as the disabled, and restricting the use of lindane, the traditional of trichlorobenzene dwindling raw materials, while developed countries and regions, the production of organic chlorine cautious, a lot of demand from developing countries to purchase, so the current global trichlorobenzene, 1,2,4 especially in high purity trichlorobenzene supply triphenyl bismuth. The current global 1, 2, 4 trichlorobenzene market demand of about 3.5 million over the next few years will be 10% of the average annual rate of increase. Foreign raw materials, production of organic chlorine reduction, the Chinese 1,2,4 trichlorobenzene, the development of production provides a good opportunity for development.
I went to school by Eastern Counties bus service 208 Belstead. Several of us used to meet at the Old Cattle Market and we nearly always had the same bus LNG 725, a Bristol single decker. No one, adult or child, would attempt to board until the inspector announced it, as he did for all buses..
Avoid wounding your tree. Minimize pruning and don’t cut behind the ridge of bark that forms in the branch crotch. Horticulturists used to recommend drilling a hole in the trunk and letting the sap drip out through a pipe inserted into the hole. I really enjoyed the game, in fact it was my favourite of all the ones that I have been too. The top level of command is more enjoyable, I was constantly busy and surprised at how fast time had passed, without the rhythm or writing orders and waiting for the results to come back of the Corps level players I was constantly on the go, getting info for all side and having fun trying to balance everything. All the new players were great really through themselves into it and by the end of it were doing fantastically.
What does this say about Gucci handbags, then? This is simple enough. If celebrities do not mind being seen with a Gucci bag, then it means that a Gucci handbag is something classy to have. And a celebrity is seen everywhere she goes. Less than a pair of shoes Plastic chairs often go on sale as new designs debut. Architect Ryan Townsend felt like he couldn’t pass up a pair of red chairs he found at Design Within Reach. “I’ve paid more for shoes,” he says.
Asma Humayun, a psychiatrist who writes columns on issues of elderly, says “displacement is traumatic for elderly people, even if it’s from one city to another. It can also mean losing autonomy, a sense of community and, most importantly, a sense of belonging. All these go away immediately.” She says that the likelihood of depression among older immigrants is twice as likely as a native..
How to stop smoking effectively : IntroductionHow many times have you read this title : “How to stop smoking”? The messages are more or less the same in all these articles. This article is no different. Then why waste time writing on the same topic again? Just hope my approach may kindle your desire to stop smoking and motivate you to put real effort to stop smoking once and for all, for good..
Oak Leaf Trail is open to walkers, runners, bikers, and skaters. Another popular trail is the Hank Aaron State Trail, which stretches for over 11 miles from Lakeshore State Park to the connection to the Oak Leaf Trail at the Milwaukee/Waukesha County line. It is also open to walkers, runners, bikers, and skaters..
But never mind, not my business to judge others. Here I am concerned with my son’s well being. Coming back to ICU. This blog generally stays pretty quiet during the summer, as our students and faculty scatter and busy themselves with summer research, work, and travel. Butour own Prof. Chris Gehrzmaintains his usual blogging schedule atThe Pietist Schoolman, posting three or four times a week on history, education, and how they intersect.
I tasted the mixture. In doing so I realized that I needed to remove the seeds since it was so hot. Even in making serrano jelly I removed the seeds to keep if from becoming too hot of jelly. This particular complex I’m considering does not qualify for conventional financing; it has over 50% investment properties, one owner that owns 40% of the condos, and reserves are only 6.5%. But it’s in a good location (central location north of pine ridge road) and I think I would get just as much in rent. What would be a proper discount of the purchase price to compensate for these issues?.
As I followed the Bursar through the zigzagging alleys over the moss covered pavements beneath “singing Oxford spires”, the fascinating historic details about Merton College Library left me speechless. Merton Library in the thirteenth century had comprised two components a chained portion or libraria dating back to 1284 and another one called circulating library. Volumes (primarily manuscripts) in the libraria were kept in a flat position, either on lecterns or on wooden desks.
The menu impresses, too. At two courses for 16.95 or three for 19.95, chefs Laurian Veaudour and Quentin Fescourt stick it to us with both barrels, and clever combinations of bold flavours abound. The only flat note was a creamy basil and lemon grass sauce that came with my starter of crab ravioli.
The history of the Mulberry Harbours ought to be more widely known, he said. World changing, because they altered the direction of the war in favour of the Allies. In preparation for VE day, the river Thames was full of ships and soldiers ready to go fight in Europe and the Mulberry Harbours were a key component of the plan without them, our troops would have struggled to land safely at Normandy.
Issa’s response to these allegations is typical of those whose character is of a duplicitous nature. He blames shoddy, sloppy reporting by reporters who misinterpret his personal anecdotes as hard facts. He claims mistaken identity in the auto theft accusations, or the shady character of his “accusers,” who are mostly drunks of questionable character.
The purpose of this paper is to argue that the state of the education system in Canadian Universities undermines the core values of democracy. Contemporary education institutions are dominated by what Horkheimer would call ‘subjective’ or ‘formalized’ reason. The domination by subjective reason undermines the two core values, freedom and autonomy, that Canadian society theoretically holds by creating immature and money hungry students, rather than mature and free individuals.
Was uncomfortable with guns before I joined the military, Engel noted. Slept with an M 16 in my sleeping bag for six months in Iraq. I came away from the war no more comfortable with that weapon, and I have to say that I don think anybody ever gets comfortable with those weapons.
Her career included full time judicial assistant positions with the Honorable Clifton Kelly and the Honorable Oliver Green. She is survived by her two daughters: Stacy Smith and fianc Kevin Parrish of Winter Haven, Florida; Sidney Brand and her husband, Gary, of Savannah, Georgia; granddaughters Casey Brand and Alexandra Brand, of Brooklyn, New York; and various cousins in Tennessee. Joy was preceded in death by her stepfather, George H.
The important point to note is that whatever type of salt, the sodium content is the same, and that is 40%. Since the intake of salt is of small quantity, I don’t think the type of salt we take will make a great impact on our health. It is the amount of salt that matters.
You will need to add some water, though not necessarily as much as the recipe suggests. This is to stop the berries on the bottom from burning at the very start of cooking. When the liquid in the pot has taken on the colour of the berries, and the berries have gone slightly dull, almost greyish in colour, you can remove the pot from the heat and strain the fruit.
There is not only the difficulty of coping with symptoms, but also facing the challenges within society. Some experts have linked ADHD with an increased risk of accidents, drug abuse, failure at school, antisocial behavior, and criminal activity. But others view ADHD in a positive light, arguing that it is simply a different method of learning involving greater risk taking and creativity.ADHD may be accompanied by additional diagnoses or disorders, including anxiety, OCD, or speech or hearing problems.
Dinosaur footprints are shown in the photographs above. These have come from the Hard Slatt which seems to correspond to the Hard Cockle Member of the Lower Purbeck Formation, which is better known on the mainland of Dorset. There appear to be more than one type.
They had really good burgers and they were HUGE! One would cover an entire dinner plate, plus they had all the lettuce, tomatoes, etc. On them. We buy several, plus fries, then divvy up the burgers once we got home. Jim Morrison, 88, was honored June 14 at the Seattle Mariners game against the Boston Red Sox as a Hutch Hero for being a 25 year cancer survivor following a bone marrow transplant at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. His daughter Jane Ann Morrison is a Las Vegas Review Journal columnist. (Complimentary photo).
Existem muitas formas diferentes de tecnologias, que provavelmente j estamos familiarizados com quando se trata de telecomunicaes. Basicamente, telecomunicaes envolve o envio e recebimento de informaes, que podem variar atravs de uma variedade de tecnologia tais como rdio, televiso, internet, ou at mesmo os telefones fixos humildes que conectam de pessoas residncias e escritrios. No entanto, devido as caractersticas geolgicas da terra, bem como as limitaes da tecnologia se, vontade de telecomunicaes baseados em terrestre sempre deixam a maioria de ns querer para mais..
Radiocube is the professional Audio Software Platform for Radio Automation, DJs, Bars, Restaurants, Shops and Home Entertainment (HiFi).All products are based on professional radio automation software. Our primary focus for our products lies on clarity, great functionality, simple handling and extreme reliability.We, being software developers ...
Zulu Masters Edition DJ software is a professional audio mixing and DJ software for Mac. This professional DJ software lets you mix music and other audio recordings live. When loading a music track onto a deck Zulu will automatically scan the file for a beat ...
UltraMixer is a DJ-Mixing-Software which enables you to mix digital music in various formats such as MP3, WMA, OGG, WAV or CDs in real time. All you need is a sound card. The DJ's turntables are replaced by two digital SoundPlayers, the "vinyls" are available ...
DJ Mixing Software is a powerful, full-featured, live DJ mixing software for nonprofessional and professional DJs alike, providing everything you need to create live mixes. remixing, vinyl simulation, video mixing, and live performance. This powerful DJ software combines an easy-to-use interface makes mixing your favorite ...
Software Tracker is an organizer program designed to help catalog and inventory your software programs. Software Tracker organizes and sorts multiple fields for each software entry including Title, Category, Supplier, Revision Level, Support, Serial Number, Condition, Email, Location, Installation Date, Media, Warranty, Buy Price, Buy ...
DJCalendar is an Event Planner Software with a user friendly calendar organizer and scheduler for managing customer events, event contracts, invoices, and payments. Customize and Create templates, contracts, invoices, etc.. with your own company logos. Insert [Field Names] into your custom forms to have DJCalendar automatically ...
Your smile makes the world brighter and your body is a real pleasure. Thanks for making us happy with your presence and your wonderful performance.
This site is self-censored for nudity in a way that preserves the integrity of the human body. It may remain censored for as long as it is accessible to the public and public obscenity laws persist which stigmatize the human body and fetishize its sexual elements.
The human body is not dirty, but as long as there are people who deep down continue to think it is, I will make a point of obliging them by covering it all up whenever I please.
Michal is contemplating the viability of enhancing his gargantuan Fiction Corpus with a coffee table book on abstract wall art; cites fatigue
I have faith in the potential of enacting English as a universal standard. I don't accept the enervatingly inanimate design by which the English tongue is taught.
Perfecting a person's expertise with a language isn't like developing a stronger rope. A language - a common tongue - is not merely a tool that you can learn to manipulate with a greater amount of precision. A language can't be isolated from the professed knowledge of a society of which it is a description. A language isn't recited; it happens - and keeps happening as long as a circle of people keeps using it.
Teaching a pupil to recite English is to cheat him out of its cultural context. A capable teacher must have a blueprint for introducing it; the insightful pupil goes out to seek it.
A dictionary - properly used - can become an influential tool. The best dictionaries define words on the basis of a specific corpus, a body of writing of varying size and consistency. A corpus may contain anything from a book about literature to some real ghost stories. I watched many nights pass creating my "stately" Fiction Corpus in order to form a special kind of dictionary based on the ability of one man to tell a story in myriad forms. It is a labor of love and listening.
I have fashioned a million words and I have tabulated them, reformulating them - not just to teach an American language but to defend the human soul, and to encourage that soul or spirit not just to recite but to happen.
IIA Better Way to Define English: Grouped into Eight Types of Words (for intermediate students of English)
IIIArtifacts, fuels, and persons: Definitions in Michal's Fiction (for advanced students of English)
Author's Note: I have been enjoined from sharing the details of my true romance adventure until such time that the other party is prepared to present her perspective on the affair arrangement...
When I arrived in Europe on the 20th of June, 2011, I had no plan and certainly no idea that by the end of the week I would be practicing photography with a woman I had never met, a naturist who had never before allowed herself to be photographed nude. It was the first of a whole series of firsts for the both of us.
As an artist inspired by a young woman's struggle with self-esteem and bulimia, body acceptance had always featured prominently in my aesthetic. Having recently discovered naturism and its mantra of body acceptance in the United States, I was eager to explore the style and philosophy of naturist clubs and the beauty of naturist campsites in Europe. By a trick of fate, I found myself first in Bielsko-Biała, Poland. Margo's home.
I was from America, land of the free...home of the brave. She carried the weight of Old Europe...domestic and religious poverties...stifled creativity. Anger. Sadness. Yearning.
I've never gone hungry without deserving it. I've never been systemically beaten by a parent. I've never been fondled by a priest. That doesn't mean I can't listen to somebody who has had to experience such abuse and it doesn't mean I can't try to understand. Margo and I traveled 6,000 miles together. We slept in the same tent. We had to listen to each other. A person shouldn't need 6,000 miles to do it. We should be able to listen to each other just because we want to. We should've been taught to do it. If we haven't been taught, we should be learning how to do it and learning fast.
During our trip across Europe, Margo very bravely opened up to me and to the camera. It was a difficult thing to do considering the scars that she carries. I wanted to share with the world her often joyful, often sad, often angry but always liberating experience except that the Internet is full of pictures of naked women and men and full of trolls who abuse them.
I realized that what I really need to point out is not the openness that Margo and I cultivated between ourselves, but the darkness that continues to surround us. When I censor nudity, I do so in a way that does not compromise the integrity of the human body. In censoring the photographs that Margo and I took during our trip, I was quick to notice that in those pictures where Margo was at her most open, at her most unguarded and most relaxed, in a word, when she was herself and basking in the sun I was forced to blacken her completely.
Why does our society drive people into darkness? Why can we not accept ourselves as we are? Why can we not accept our bodies? Have we truly become eunuchs? Or are we capable of defying the sickness that pits us against each other? Together we could conquer the devils that abuse us.
Whether you enjoy being nude or not, whether you've been photographed nude or not, but especially if, for you, like for Margo, it's something you never thought you would do, consider submitting your own photograph to be published in a censored manner as a form of protest against the ubiquitous presence of the human body on the internet, naked or not, that is published and duplicated ad infinitum without context and without regard for the identity or the needs of the individual being depicted.
Language is an assembly of words, therefore each individual word obeys the three rules of assembly: the rule of egalitarianism relates to a word's definition. It must be equal for all parties. The rule of association relates to the freedom of a word's connotation to drift. The rule of seniority applies to a word's identity, meaning that the people who have been responsible for using a word the longest have a conservative influence over its movement. The reach of a word along these three axes is described by the term cultural definition.
The three rules of assembly† were formulated as the product of personal observation while participating in the Occupy Movement's defense of Dilworth Plaza during the city government of Philadelphia's early morning ambush on the first of December, 2011. Rather than being a set of purely parliamentary rules, they are a description of the basic principles under which any assembly performs any kind of action as a group, whether it involves debate or not. They are the rules that distinguish such a group from a mob.
†As founding principles of a well-governed society, the three rules bear a relationship not only to the tripartite motto of Revolutionary France, Liberty, equality, fraternity, but to the evangelical counsels of the Christian New Testament on which Revolutionary ideals were based, namely poverty, chastity and obedience, whose definition during the past two millennia has been influenced to the detriment of mankind by the slave culture of Empire. A reassessment of the counsels under the guidance of Acceptance culture is the best way to push progressive religious and political reform further in the direction of ecumenism and internationalism.
A word can represent many things. First and foremost it represents a type of gesture. A specific way of speaking. A specific way of inscribing a mark. A specific way of moving your hand. To know one of these kinds of gestures is to know how to pronounce the word friends in some kind of way.
If you want to communicate an idea using the word friends, you will need to know what other people are made to think when you make the gesture. You will never have complete awareness of or control over the associations or identities that are invoked by a set of words, but you can know what was and what is a single word's jointly accepted definition, at least for a given place, thereby tracing a direction which will help you to understand what kinds of associations and identities are driving its use.
By using the word yourself, you enter into a long-standing albeit oftentimes unconscious debate over its definition, forever entangling yourself into the history of its use. The way you use it, and which other words you use it with carries weight.
The more you know about where the word friends is located in the fabric of a language, the better you will be at exploiting its cultural power.
Michal's Fiction Corpus of Acceptance Literature (FiCAL) is presented under the Bare Bottom imprint. It is currently comprised of six bodies of work, each representing a different pillar of culture and incorporating a wide variety of writhing styles.
Just click on a title to see examples of the word "friends" being used in a particular work. You'll stay on the same spot on the page, only the Table of Contents will disappear. To get back to the Table of Contents just click next to the image of the Bare Bottom imprint where it says "Back to Usage of Friends: Table of Contents."“And...?”
The Table of Frequency and the Table of Collocation provide numerical information about how many times the word friends appears in its original or modified form and with which words. It can help to give you an idea of how a word is used and in what contexts.“Ok.”
The popular understanding of the word "fiction" and its complement "non-fiction" is a reflection of the cultural influence of a classification system. The Dewey Decimal System is responsible for separating "fiction" from all other work and categorizing it by author's name. This has influenced the popular idea of fiction as a narrative that tends to be "untrue" and the product of an individual's fantasy, a bias compounded by modern art's century-long obsession with abstraction, surrealism and self-expression.“So...?”
My idea of fiction rests on the idea that art doesn't have to be factual to be a true reflection of our existence. Adam and Eve didn't have to exist as two individuals 700 generations ago for them to be true portraits of two human beings trying to work together.“And...?”
The Bible is a Fiction Corpus. It is a body of writing that isn't overly concerned with facts and yet its words carry weight. It was written by many different authors living in different places with different audiences in mind, yet everyone gleans something from it.“Right...”
In preparing my fiction corpus, I have striven to see the world through the eyes of others. Through the eyes of my Adams and Eves I hope that you too will glean some truth about our existence. At the very least you will learn some more about how one man can use the English language.“Ok.”
I'm just a guy who makes art. And if you're interested in making a solid investment in an aesthetic that supports our present and future welfare, then I will help you look for something that you can buy.“How...?”
Everybody makes. Everybody sells. Some people know how to protect their interests. Some better than others. Few people know how to listen. Listening to somebody means considering their interests as if they were your own. Going out and doing something to satisfy another person's interest is how we build a strong economy. Without a strong economy, democracy collapses.“And...?”
Buying 4Occupy is buying for democracy. Don't give your money to somebody who's ruining it. There's no such thing as cheap democracy, quick democracy, or easy democracy. There's good, solid, complete democracy and the tyranny of feudalism. Let's not mix the two. Let's not buy everything on the cheap. Let's not create another tyrant and enslave ourselves because it was easier not to think about what we were doing. Let's protect our interests. Let's listen.“Ok.”
Have you ever been to one of those post-it-yourself retail websites where there's a really attractive top-seller ready to give you tips on how you can be a top-seller too?“Uh...”
Have you ever been to a "job" interview where you sit in a line, walk through one door, get hired as a contractor and walk out another door, so that the other applicants don't realize that everyone's getting "hired" to work in the same market?“Maybe...”
The internet is full of people who are ready to exploit your ignorance. They are people who want to make money at the expense of our economy. They are cheats.“And...?”
I, Michal, am behind this site. Not some fat plutocrat exploiting my image. I like to do things the right way. I like to work with people who take the time to do things right.“Why...?”
I used to work for a company that didn't do things the right way. My labor was exploited because of mismanagement. That company was the United States Postal Service, an independent agency of the United States Government that is ultimately controlled by Congress. I'm mad because if the Federal Government can exploit labor, who is going to stop every other cheat from doing it?“Labor Unions...?”
Don't say labor unions. I went to my labor union and they did nothing. They ignored me because labor unions aren't democracies. Holding a free and fair election for a "representative" once in a blue moon does not equal people ruling. Democracy means open government. It means we the public need to accept the hard work. It's the only way to secure liberty and equality.“Ok.”
Definition-wise, not much. But the -age suffix is ultimately French in origin and with most things French, at least in American eyes, the immediate thought is that of something precious and arcane whose value should be judged very carefully. This is in contrast to the word France, which is associated with a beautiful place. Thus people in France or from France are beautiful, warm, kind people. Generous even. Unlike French people who suck. Unless you're frenching, in which case you're only sometimes sucking.“And...?”
Along those lines, usage means you're in bed. Use means you're just heavy petting. Also notice that common people, like common words, get used...whereas "proper" things make "appearances." Whether or not you are being exploited is a different story. Exploitation is what happens when somebody uses you or your property without listening to you. Listening is what happens when you consider another person's needs as if they were your own. You don't have to satisfy those needs. All you need to do is consider them. So many of us can't even do that.“So...?”
Help stop exploitation. Buy 4occupy. Buy a better world. Whether or not you feel you can afford to buy art, consider joining my protest. I want to guarantee every working man and every working mother on this planet a 15-day universal holiday. But I can't. Only we can do that. We have to work together. We have to accept the idea that everyone deserves time for himself and we need to build that time into a new kind of calendar. We have to give peace it's own day. We have to make love something you can't avoid. We have to make even the most miserly cold-hearted capitalist among us say that he cashed his check on Love Your Neighbor Day. There won't be any other way to say it once the Acceptance Calendar is widely adopted.“Ok.”
This table lists in descending order the total number of times that the word friendsand any of its morphological derivations appears in the Fiction Corpus, along with a breakdown of frequency by title, the respective rank of each word in the complete list of all words in the Corpus, as calculated both densely and competitively, as well as the percent increase in frequency of the word over the frequency of the next lowest rank in the complete list.
I have yet to publish the table of frequency for the word friends, but I will get to it shortly. -Michal
A story bible for a comic book series set in a post climate-change California narrated by eight characters who live through a natural disaster that sinks Los Angeles and triggers a war with an expansionist Mexican government covertly supported by China.
kids begging their mommies and daddies for ice cream. or begging their brothers or sisters or their friends for a bite. thats society.
why would two bozos risk their lives to spring a pair of two.bit friends. what do they have. a duffel bag of money stashed away.
kohls's car is going down pine avenue pier. unbelievable. he has a remote for the barricade. somebody has friends in the city of long beach.
theres another base across the bridge. marine corps annex. they were on alert too. maybe the grunts are right. mcdonalds has friends.
i should use a friends name. bill and ann were here the other day. anns clergy. thats kinky. i wonder if jack would share me with a woman.
An experimental science fiction Christology that makes Jesus the hard boiled narrator of his own early years on a bizarro earth made dark by volcanic ash and informally ruled by a man from Mars who sells bottled air.
Later that day, your father was called to the principal's office. In the presence of his mother, he was angrily accused of lying, endangering his own health and encouraging others to do so. He was threatened with expulsion. His mother cried; Jesus rebuked her. He felt sorry for the friend or friends who had betrayed him. He was only trying to liberate his friends, not to hurt them. That day, among the shouts of his principal, your father learned the most important lesson he would ever learn in school: mental and physical prowess may grant one fame, or infamy, but is quite incapable of transferring authority away from those who have it.
Jesus's respect and his growing wealth of knowledge put aside, there was oftentimes very little that separated him from the various hooligans who populated Poland. More than once I can remember times when, after heavy bouts of drinking, Jesus and his friends would emerge from their latest club, and, walking down the street, would bump into their next victim. One time, after having started drinking at three in the afternoon, we were passing the local pharmacy in Treblinka. It was around eight o'clock in the evening; the pharmacist was just locking up. I stopped and said, "Good evening."
In those days, Jesus had very little money. His father's mother was dead. With her, the retirement pension died. If only she had had fewer friends, or if Jesus's uncle hadn't become a complete waste of time and breath, they could've tried committing pension fraud. As it was, Jesus's father kept selling books and eating heroin and Jesus began trying to sell furniture for food.
By that point, there was very little information to be had. Nevertheless, as the second man at the crime scene, after the landlord, your father was seriously tempted to steal evidence. He decided against it. Stalin had complete access to the CBS crime lab, the CBS being Poland's central investigative bureau, and Jesus didn't have any friends there on the inside nor did he want to have to bribe anyone. Lab results were available to anyone in law enforcement anyway, so Jesus took some photographs and left before the cops came. Later on, Stalin went to the CBS lab and got the results. The forensic evidence indicated without a doubt that the bullets came from a Russian-made weapon, which didn't necessary mean that the perpetrator or perpetrators were Russian, but, then again, who else would be using a Russian-made weapon?
A literature book narrated by a pair of siblings on either side of the Atlantic whose profoundly weird sexual experiences pose a serious challenge to their traditional understanding of mathematicians, marriage, gay young men and God.
Unfortunately, many of her friends were not so sure of their own talents, and, as it turned out, not one of them signed up for the auction.
He even fought to secure legislation protecting the copyright of an artist. And it came as a great surprise to learn that he was very involved with the theatre. I knew that his first great painting was a scene from a contemporary farce, but the extent of the theatre's influence on him was gradually revealed to me and I was dumbfounded. He was even friends with the famous Mr. Garrick, and all this was greatly appreciated by my companions. This exploration of all the influences over Mr. Hogarth comprised the bulk of the lecture, and it extended to include not only the theatre, but also the painter's experience of marriage.
But that was only because he sat next to her in English class, and everybody knew that he really had no serious claim. However, it was true that he had tallied a few genuine moments. But those weren't so difficult to come by. It was easy to get Luka to read something, and then she would have to take out her glasses. But the problem was that she would look down before she put them on, and then she would take them off before she looked up. So you weren't really spending any serious time. Now I realized this, and I thought of a plan to achieve total victory. We were sitting on the beach, and I was waiting for the best opportunity. A few of our friends were playing with a ball in the water. I was waiting for my cousin to leave me alone with Luca; she was definitely not interested in playing ball, and I, consequently, was suffering from a bout of cramps. Finally, my cousin was compelled to go, and I immediately began a conversation about school and schoolteachers and classroom behavior, et cetera.
A collection of stories featuring a sexy Parisian ghost, a spooky Moon base full of vagina-faced aliens, a policeman with an Irish name, a truck full of watermelons, a flautist, and a man who has to see another man about a diseased horse.
At the last moment, blond hair stepped onto the bus. The long bangs hid the owner's face. Shrouded by the partition, they carefully climbed the next step behind another smarmy salesman. The length of the hair revealed itself. It flowed past the creature's shoulders. Shephard clenched his fists. It had to be a woman. It didn't matter if she were ugly. As long as she weren't on the wrong bus, he wouldn't have to kill himself.
– from “Two Dudes and a Chinese Desert,” a friendship story featuring a man who never really grew up
A real play. With drama in it. Talk fast. It takes two hours. Set in a guest house. In a small community. After a murder. Lots of suspicion. The characters learn to listen to each other. It's funny.
FLETCHER: There is a house on Norfolk that no longer stands. Its eaves of pine were reduced to ash. Its worthy frame that I helped build collapsed in a huge fury of smoke and fire that I helped start. I watched it burning from the top of Mount Pitt. I was too ashamed to go any closer. I was there in the room the night my father planned that terrible justice with his friends. I heard them goading each other into teaching their fellow man not to cooperate with the Australian government. It was madness I heard from their lips. They were the drunken lips of dogs waiting to pounce. I said nothing. I did nothing to stop them. When the police came, I lied and said I knew nothing. I climbed Mount Pitt out of morbid curiosity to see what I had wrought. That image of the house whose beams I placed - whose trusses I tied - in the distance - engulfed in flames - is seared upon my mind. I did nothing to stop it. Do you know how sorry I am? If I told you that somebody died in that fire, would it be in your power to forgive me?
FLETCHER: Oh, marriage! Where would man be without thy warm bondage? Those who fear the rope will never know the pleasure of being tied up: of pushing with all one's might only to stand still. It is a perverse joy, indeed, to take the plunge through the trapdoor: to hear one's soul snapping in two, pushing one's heart into one's throat: to say the words, 'I do.' To wed and then to bed - how old-fashioned an order! One cannot help but desire permanence in such an ever-changing world. To oppose it, lashed to a rock, feeling its weight crush one's spirit, may be a Promethean punishment best reserved for the noble. It is no wonder that only the force of custom and law kept so many together for so long. Matrimony is not for the faint of heart. So watch out, you concubines and concubinaries - you cohabitants and live-in friends: both cataracts and calm pools await you, but no peace at that river's end: just the wide, gaping maw of dissoluteness and abandon: the ocean of human desire, with nothing to do but sink. So swim home, like salmon, and enjoy rest: the comfort you get from being tied up. My prayers were answered: I am a man again - and soon to be more: a husband. Wish me luck, for the night is still young, and many acts of husbandry await me.
MS. JACKSON: Bounty families are descendant from the original Bounty mutineers, who settled on Pitcairn Island-
FLETCHER: With their Tahitian consorts. I'm sorry. I meant their Tahitian wives. And their Tahitian slaves. I mean, their male Tahitian friends.
FLETCHER: From three adventurers - to be more precise, from two ack-willy whalers and a soldier-of-fortune.
FLETCHER: It gets better. Being a direct descendant of my namesake, Fletcher Christian, the illustrious chief of the mutiny on the Bounty, I am therefore descendant from the ancient rulers of the Isle of Man.
FLETCHER: My father's mother was a Quintal. That means half of him is descendant from a drunken scoundrel who set his ship on fire, drove his wife to suicide, and threatened to kill the entire island population. That's not the side of the story we like to tell. We prefer the story of how John Jackson turned to Christianity and taught his children to read and write. Jackson, I'll have you know, was a Christian before he became a Jackson. He changed his name the moment the British rediscovered the island. My mother admires his cowardice so much, she did the same thing.
A story book full of short fiction stories. An interesting bedtime mystery. A fairy tale. Science fiction romance. Adult life. Uninspiring gay fiction. Horror.
Steve O started to wonder what it would've been like being more than friends. One day, in the shower, staring at a soapy finger, he decided to find out. Thus was discovered Steve O's new cure for headaches. As is the case with many self-medicating patients, Steve O over-prescribed.
– from “A Finger Up The Bum,” a gay fiction story that doesn't pretend to be important, but what you make of it is up to you
Adam was gay. The intimacy of his relationship with Steve O was sending him the wrong signals. Especially when Steve O was really drunk and wielding his naked balls like a pair of nunchunks. Adam decided to try respectfully to step things up. The results were disastrous. As soon as Steve O realized what Adam's hand was doing and where his lips were, he basically borrowed the strength of ten men to heave him up and out of the room. The friendship suffered.
– from “A Finger Up The Bum,” a gay fiction story that isn't trying to win an award, but what you make of it is up to you
I had to go. The attack on Barack was the last straw. The news claimed all the attacks were coming from one bad boxing club. It couldn't have been true. I was seeing skinheads on every street corner. I begged my friends at the university to help. I just wanted to leave the city. By the end of the week I was staying at a friend's dacha. In the middle of winter. With no heat. I had to borrow a small furnace and forage for wood on my own. I was happy. I was safe.
– from “A Black Man in Moscow,” an inspirational story that represents things that have actually happened, though the details are fictional
I don't know who to thank for my fate. I know God has a lot to do with it. As does Putin. And my own imagination. And the many friends of mine at university. And Barack. And Obama. And Khalifa.
– from “A Black Man in Moscow,” an inspirational story that describes what certain people go through, though hopefully you're not one of them
My friends kept telling me I was crazy. They said no matter how bad it is in the city at least I have friends. In the village I would have nobody. It was true. I didn't argue. I didn't want them to know what was on my mind. I was thinking what good are friends if they can't protect you. I knew it wasn't their fault.
– from “A Black Man in Moscow,” an inspirational story that describes life on this planet, though hopefully we can change
This table lists in descending order of frequency a selection of word pairs that appear in the Fiction Corpus and groups them according to the morphological derivation of the word friends that appears in the pair.
I have yet to perform a collocation analysis of "friends." I hope I can get it done sometime soon. -Michal
If you would like to endorse calendar reform and get your listing on this site, and/or you would like to get an email newsletter to hear how we're doing, fill out the listing form accordingly.
To promote democracy, the strong must empty themselves of their strength. The weak must be granted the opportunity to grow strong. We cannot force the end of patriarchy. To do so simply perpetuates feudalism under a different name.
Acceptance means tolerating idiots. Acceptance means promoting democracy and the strength of the assembly. It means making sure that everybody is given a voice, even those among us who have been turned into eunuchs. The art of Acceptance is learning how to listen. Acceptance means opening your heart.
Acceptance will help us to ignore the Popes and Emperors and Presidents of our time who try to convince us that we are or should be eunuchs.
The word dictionary seems to have come into use in Europe first as the presumably made-up Latin term dictionarium meaning literally speak-chest, or place where you keep stuff that's spoken, the way a solarium means a place where you keep little bits of the sun. Now whether a solarium in practice means a room full of windows or a place where you keep an artifical tanning bed is a cultural matter. Similarly, what might be contained in any specific book calling itself a dictionary is a matter of priority based on a publisher's cultural goals, of which there could be many that despite an author's best intentions may conflict with each other. Deciding which dictionary supports which pillars of culture and how they do it and how well they do it is a process that every dictionary user can benefit from. It's a matter of getting to the bottom of things.
The Concise Oxford steered the Oxford brand away from science and towards the pillar of education.1911
Webster's dictionary helped establish the pillar of education in America and around the English-speaking world.1828
Johnson's dictionary laid the ground for the pillars of science and art that Oxford University Press would later come to build.1755
Sketch Engine is a commercial tool that helps form part of the scientific basis of the modern dictionary.2003
The Urban Dictionary builds the pillar of assembly as well as the pillar of art, sometimes in a way that would presumably make Samuel Johnson proud - oftentimes not.1999
As with most dictionaries today, the lexicography practiced by Oxford University Press owes much to the computer analysis of digitized corpora, although the efforts of Albert Sydney Hornby back in the early half of the last century to orient dictionaries towards non-native speakers has seen in recent years numerous imitators among the leading publishers of reference material. Even the folks at Oxford University Press have seen fit to produce an offspring of Hornby's Advanced Learner's Dictionary oriented towards an American English learning audience.
The idea behind Wordnik was to create a place on the web where you could go to find out everything you might expect from a dictionary for every word that you might expect to exist. The result is that Wordnik has compiled a corpus of billions of words and uses that data to show you a lot of sentences for every word whose usage you request to have illustrated.
Since it's first use by the Macmillan English Dictionary for Advanced Learners, Sketch Engine has been used daily by the likes of Oxford University Press and Cambridge University Press. Sketch Engine has been brought to us by Lexical Computing Ltd since 2003 and is a great way to study collocation, or the pattern of one word occurring in close proximity to another.
TheFreeDictionary.com is one of the online reference products brought to us by Farlex, a private corporation based in Pennsylvania.
Cambridge had the innovation of actually making the Advanced part of the title mean something by subsequently publishing a Cambridge Learner's Dictionary geared toward intermediate to upper-intermediate students.
Wiktionary, like Wikipedia, should be noted for its ambition to collate and hyperlink terms across numerous languages.
In the spirit of the Oxford Learner's Dictionary and the Longman Dictionary, the English Dictionary for Advanced Learners first published by Macmillan in 2002 also defines words with a limited set of other English words and provides numerous illustrative example sentences.
The attempts of volunteer editors to reach consensus over issues such as article deletion would indicate that an encyclopedia, rather than being a comprehensive summation of human knowledge should more appropriately be understood as a cultural dictionary that is subject to the same often contradictory cultural purposes that Webster and other creators of linguistic dictionaries were incapable of avoiding.
The Urban Dictionary was founded in 1999 by a fellow named Aaron Peckham and by 2012 contained over 6,743,306 definitions submitted by visitors, edited by volunteers, and then subsequently voted upon by other visitors. Entries submitted to the site become the property of the Urban Dictionary, that is to say, presumably, Aaron Peckham, who has taken the liberty of having at least two significantly abridged versions of the website published for print.
Reference.com generally reproduces its content from other sources, in what is most certainly a long tradition in publishing, or at least dictionary publishing, as evidenced by the example of Random House, which acquired the rights to the Century Dictionary and the Dictionary of American English and reworked it into something called the American College Dictionary, which they eventually augmented into the Random House Dictionary of the English Language, Unabridged, the first dictionary compiled with the help of computers, which they eventually renamed the Random House Webster's Unabridged Dictionary, for no other reason except that they could and because the resulting confusion it was no doubt believed would help more than it would hurt them.
In a great example of OneLook's usefulness, the search string "wh???ver" will find words that start with wh, end with ver, and have 3 letters in between.
The Online Slang Dictionary is a project maintained on the web since 1996 by a fellow named Walter Rader which solicits contributions from the general public.
The Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English not only styles itself as the Living Dictionary but also prides itself as being the only "Full Colour" Advanced Learners Dictionary. I suppose color is a welcome distraction when you're trying to sift through its 207,000 words, phrases and meanings, not knowing a lick of English.
The American Heritage Dictionary was first published in 1969 as a reaction to the liberal outlook of Webster's Third New International Dictionary, which quite shockingly or quite appropriately, depending on how you look at it, refused to tell people how to speak, eschewing such labels as "colloquial," "incorrect," or "improper."
The source material for the Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary was prepared for non-native English speakers by Albert Sydney Hornby over the course of many years while he was both in the West and in the East. Albert Sydney Hornby went to Japan in 1923 to teach literature but ended up realizing that nobody there knew English well enough to make it worthwhile, so he set about creating what would eventually become the Advanced Learner's Dictionary after a long saga that involved World War II and paper rationing. The Advanced Learner's Dictionary was original published as the Idiomatic and Syntactic Dictionary in Japan on April 20, 1942 and is still in print there. Everywhere else (except China, which in those days was under the brutal occupation of Japan) it became the Oxford Dictionary of choice for students of English who aren't ready for the big time.
The Concise Oxford English Dictionary started life in 1911 as a smaller version of the Oxford English Dictionary which had yet to be completed.
The Concise Oxford has a popular claim to fame as the dictionary originally used on the British game show Countdown, the Tenth Edition being involved in a controversy on the show due to its lack of compound words.
Webster's dictionary was completely revised in 1909 and subsequently styled Webster's New International Dictionary, the third edition of which, published in 1961, remains the definitive American dictionary against which all others are measured.
Noah Webster was born in West Hartford, Connecticut and went on to become a pioneering writer and reformer. He was a rebel, inspired no doubt by the fact that the revolutionary war was raging while he was a young student. His pa mortgaged the farm so he could go to Yale but when he was done he didn't know what to do. As is still true today, a liberal education made him shark-bait for business. He taught school for a while but the pay was low and he didn't get any respect.
Noah eventually got smart and founded a private school for the wealthy in Goshen, New York. By 1785, he had written a bunch of textbooks for elementary schools and they were big enough sellers that he could devote his time to working on his grand opus, the biggest dictionary ever compiled up to that point. It was meant to provide honest Americans with a strong intellectual foundation that would support the American values of tolerance and respect for individual rights.
Webster's revolutionary zeal seeped into his attempts to improve American education. Rejecting old world emphasis on Greek and Latin and snobbish ideas about grammar and pronunciation, Webster felt that the people themselves should be in control of their language. So he made things simple. By 1837, his well-ordered spelling book had sold 15 million copies. By 1890, 60 million.
In contrast, Webster's first dictionary only sold 2,500 copies. Despite the lack of recognition, and the denunciations of cultural snobs, he immediately began expanding it. To ensure the authenticity of his etymologies, he studied twenty-six languages and traveled abroad. After 18 years, Webster had compiled a dictionary of 70,000 words, a large portion of which had never before been indexed. He introduced many modern spellings of words that have lasted to this day, such as wagon instead of waggon. Despite being criticized by some as vulgar, Webster's American Dictionary of the English Language went on to dominate the English-speaking world. Poets such as Emily Dickinson swore by it.
To learn more about Webster's life and influence, consider a great book by Joshua Kendall that doesn't shirk from giving a complete picture of the man, obsessions and all.
For his dictionary, Samuel Johnson was paid 1,500 guineas, which nowadays would be about 370,000 dollars. It took a bunch of printers to pool their resources to make it happen because Johnson's fee was a pittance next to what they had to pay for paper. I wonder how Johnson felt about that.
In 1604, Robert Cawdrey, a schoolmaster like Webster, had his "Table Alphabeticall" published, the first dictionary purely in the English language. It described about 2500 words. Johnson's dictionary had entries for almost 43,000 words.
Here's a great book about Johnson that will tell you more.See if Samuel Johnson has an entry for friends.
There are a lot more dictionaries out there to be explored. To get a clear look at how much of a cultural window a dictionary can be, consider browsing entries catalogued by fat Captain Grose back in 1785 under the title Classical Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue , a dictionary OF BUCKISH SLANG, UNIVERSITY WIT, AND PICKPOCKET ELOQUENCE.
To get some insight into what kind of a person does a thing like write a dictionary (besides me), I recommend reading some of Douglas Harper's articles on culture. He's a historian whose entry for the word dictionary in his Online Etymology Dictionary I hyperlink to in the introduction to this section. His thoughtful and honest writing on topics such as the promotion of physical desire or the study of sexuality contrast well with more impassioned articles in defense of the under-appreciated American "middle-man" or the connotative strength of a comparison of historic French slavery in the New World with the record of slavery in what is now the United States, a topic of particular interest for Mr. Harper and one which is at the top of no doubt many an American's cultural agenda.
What was once a coffee shop is now an "apartament" in Bielsko Biała - that is, a place to hang your hat!
The Vagina Cafe was a living example of Acceptance art that bridged the gap between the seven pillars of culture...
Situated inside the courtyard of a beautiful pre-war building in the town of Bielsko-Biała, there once was a cafe dedicated not only to a decent cup of coffee, not just to an excellent vegetarian meal, not even to the special ambience created by the expert hand of its one-of-a-kind hostess...
Above all "Vagina," as it was called in its native Poland, was dedicated to improving the life of the average Polish woman, through workshops and monthly get-togethers, through sponsorship of local sporting and social events, through its constant presence during the many crisis-filled years of our world's recent past...
The Vagina Cafe strove to remind people that "Vagina" is not a dirty word and that every woman deserves a place that isn't defined by four walls and a ceiling but by the people who welcome her in it, by the people, both male and female, who accept her presence as an equal.
The Vagina Cafe isn't now just a memory; it lives on in my heart and in my dedication to improving the lives of women and thereby the quality of civilization of the world at large. I am proud to say that far from being cold and shuttered, the Vagina Cafe lives on as "Vagina Night," an apartment for rent like no other that keeps the adventurous traveler to Bielsko-Biala warm and cozy - thanks largely to the enormous chimney whose installation I helped to finance.
It is my humble honor to represent the art of the fine ladies of the Silesian region, which cradled me in birth, to my fine and fellow citizens of the United States, who nurtured me into adulthood. Please share with me this noble initiative!"
What?I import contemporary art to the United States from Europe... That includes icons, drafts, models, cultivars, hand-crafted merchandise and tools, documents and records. It's not so much the shape of the art that's important. It's the aesthetic that counts.
Embedded in every true art piece is a philosophical message... - an idea, whose expression determines the work's ultimate value. Before you invest in a piece of art you need to consult a person who knows what he's talking about.
Who?The vast majority of artists have gone to an academy to try to master a particular technique... Before I became a practicing artist, I earned a degree in Art History from Georgetown University. I wanted to know where art had come from and what people of succeeding generations had valued in that work.
Understanding the history of art and the history of civilization in general is crucial... to knowing where the practice of art is truly heading. It's one thing to paint in a striking manner or to decorate a piece of pottery in a beautiful way. It's quite another to create paintings or pottery that represent the ideas that succeeding generations will come to embrace rather than abandon.
I can't predict the future... I don't know with certainty how the value of the art that I represent will grow or what the reputations of my fellow artists will be in the years to come. I can claim that my work and the work that I put forward represents a desire to create a new and better world through hard work and innovation rather than reacting to corruption and vice with self-satisfied irony and cleverness.
Whose? Which?There are historic and demographic reasons why the artists of Silesia are best positioned to create the art of tomorrow... The pre-war German population of Silesia was expelled by Soviet military and political forces not long after the capitulation of the Nazi regime. This was accompanied by territorial expansion at the expense of the German state by its neighbors to the east.
People from diverse communities came from all across Eastern Europe to settle in Silesia... - people of different faiths, different dialects, and different histories found themselves next door to each other in a place whose traditions they didn't know. They were compelled to learn how to listen.
Two generations have passed since those terrible days of exile and resettlement... Institutions have grown. Prosperity continues to be nurtured. With prosperity has come the opportunity to express the unique tradition of Silesia through the many voices of the artists whose work I have described for you here.
Where?I find the work in Silesia - in Poland - in Europe... I purchase it and at my own risk and cost I export it to the United States, where my family has a home at 201 Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, New Jersey.
When?I am a self-financed independent artist... I don't have a trust fund or wealthy relatives. I worked as a rural letter carrier at the post office in West Milford and I still use the money I earned delivering mail to finance everything from my personal expenses to the Vagina Cafe's new chimney to the art collections you see described here.
I am not an international corporation... I am a hard-working American who was born in Silesia in Poland and who wants the best for both of his countries. I am a citizen diplomat. I continuously export this art as my resources allow because I think it's a good investment. Please consider purchasing something you like even if it's not yet available stateside. Your purchase gives me the confidence I need to keep going.
How?All purchases must be paid by USPS Money Order... This is a safe and cost-effective financial instrument. Each USPS Money Order up to $500.00 costs $1.20 and each order from $500.01 up to $1,000.00 costs only $1.60.
Make each money order payable to M. Slaby at 201 Ridge Road in West Milford, New Jersey... and have it sent to the same address. The postal code is 07480-3112. Be sure to at least mark the envelope with the lot and item number you wish to purchase - that way, if the item becomes unavailable I can simply have the envelope returned to you without even opening it. Be sure to save your receipt for the money order from the post office in order to reclaim your money.
If you want your money credited automatically to a similar item... once it becomes available or to a different item entirely just let me know by at least marking the envelope with the word "credit." It doesn't hurt to put your calling card in the envelope so I know how to contact you should the need arise.
I don't cash your money orders until your purchase is safely in the United States... and I'm in the process of sending you a receipt. However, it would greatly please me if you would like to make the sum of your money order available to me as a loan at no interest, which might be needed to expediate the export of a given lot. If that would please you then by all means please let me know by at least marking the envelope with the word "loan." I would sincerely appreciate it as one small businessman to another.
Why?Money orders are safe and cheap... It's one of the many services provided by the United States Postal Service that I believe in - despite having personally resigned from the Service because of its exploitation of labor. Unfortunately, the banks that issue credit cards exploit people even more and I don't relish the idea of giving away two percent of the value of every transaction in exchange for the convenience of using credit information to facilitate trade. It's a racket that traps consumers and cripples merchants while benefiting primarily the monied interest that rules our somewhat democratic Republic.
Art shouldn't be bought on credit... A wise man invests his savings into fine art to avoid inflation and to potentially profit from the support given to a contemporary artist whose skill is readily perceived. There is also the joy to be felt from possessing a unique artifact of human ingenuity and the pride that comes from participating in its maintenance. This feeling is priceless.
From a set of, I believe, twenty produced by Margo and given out to a portion of the last 20 women to finish the 20th anniversary Fiat Road Race in Bielsko-Biała, cf. the movie. This is the last one left in it's original packaging and my supporters - like the poor women of Bielsko - are going to have to fight for it. Whoever invests the most money with me, and who lets me borrow it to invest in the next lot, will not only be rewarded with some beautiful piece of art, but will get this priceless t-shirt as a reward for being my top supporter. $1000.00 or best offer. Remember to authorize me to hold the sum as credit against a future purchase and to authorize me to borrow against it.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #1 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
Entirely hand-sewn. Base: polyester felt, 100% PE. Motif: South American woolen yarn, dyed, 100% wool. Hand-worked with a needle. Unique and inimitable design. Inside: cotton fabric, closes with zipper, inside pocket. Available now for $220.00. Ships free of additional charge via USPS (uninsured) unless otherwise directed.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #2 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
Ethnic layered cloth jewelry constructed on a cotton base and adorned with ribbons, tassels, and a yellow fringe. Fastened on the side with 11 buttons, fitted entirely with a pleasant lining. The style is an Indo-Asian-African multinational color combination. The collar is very extravagant and an extraordinary addition to any clothing, guaranteed to attract attention. Just a simple dress and a unique image is ready. Dry-cleaning recommended. Available now for $200.00. Ships free of additional charge via USPS (uninsured) unless otherwise directed.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #3 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
Handmade from felted all-natural Australian and South American wool. Entirely felted, seamless. Finished with a white lining, inside is a small pocket. Lining is sewn and stitched in by hand. Available now for $180.00. Ships free of additional charge via USPS (uninsured) unless otherwise directed.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #4 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
Bedspread made of cotton and polyester material. Inserted with polyester lining. 90 by 70 cm. Available now for $120.00. Ships free of additional charge via USPS (uninsured) unless otherwise directed.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #5 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
Scarf made ​​with the nuno felting technique (wet felting fibre into a silk gauze) using South American wool. Two-sided scarf with latticework at the ends. Wholly in the colors red, black, green in an abstract pattern. Available now for $100.00. Ships free of additional charge via USPS (uninsured) unless otherwise directed.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #6 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
Clara loves roses and greenery, adores tormenting spiders with long legs and sleeping soundly in the afternoon. Cuddly toy made of cotton and polyester, stuffed with polyester lining. Available now for $70.00. Ships free of additional charge via USPS (uninsured) unless otherwise directed.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #7 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
Noah doesn't know what to like and what not to like but keeps wondering and thinking about it. Cuddly toy made of cotton and polyester, stuffed with polyester lining. Available now for $70.00. Ships free of additional charge via USPS (uninsured) unless otherwise directed.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #8 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
Two-sided suspenders from black material with a rose motif on one side and striped cotton on the other. Connected by a leather triangle. Adjustable length. Hand washing in cold water recommended. Available now for $50.00. Ships free of additional charge via USPS (uninsured) unless otherwise directed.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #9 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
Two-sided suspenders made of denim and orange material with a Polish floral folk design. Connected by a leather triangle. Adjustable length. Hand washing in cold water recommended. Available now for $50.00. Ships free of additional charge via USPS (uninsured) unless otherwise directed.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #10 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
Two-sided suspenders made of denim and green material with a mountain folk design. Connected by a leather triangle. Adjustable length. Hand washing in cold water recommended. Available now for $50.00. Ships free of additional charge via USPS (uninsured) unless otherwise directed.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #11 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
Material: South American woolen yarn, dyed, 100% wool. Hand-worked with a needle. Pendant of anti-allergenic metal. Available now for $40.00. Ships free of additional charge via USPS (uninsured) unless otherwise directed.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #12 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
Material: Glazed ceramics, hand-molded. Available now for $40.00. Ships free of additional charge via USPS (uninsured) unless otherwise directed.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #13 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #14 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
Necklace made ​​of cotton pieces with organdy and decorated with beads, suspended on cotton strings. Can be worn as a necklace, as a brooch or as a belt tied at the side. Available now for $40.00. Ships free of additional charge via USPS (uninsured) unless otherwise directed.
To purchase please mail a USPS money order in an envelope clearly marked Lot #1/Item #15 to M. Slaby at house number 201 on Ridge Road in the town of West Milford, in the state of New Jersey, one of the beautiful United States of America. The postal code is 07480-3112.
The internet is a medium that seriously challenges society's understanding of copyright. In order to view a web page, an internet user makes a copy of it. So anyone writing "All rights reserved" at the bottom of their page is writing nonsense. By publishing on the web they've implicitly waived the right to control how many digital copies are made. That said, if you want to quote me, quote me. Tell your audience where you got the content from. Never try to pass yourself off as me. You will embarrass yourself. Do not scrape content from this site. You're going to hurt yourself. Do not plagiarize me. You will look like a fool. Find your own voice. People want to hear it - even if your boss tells you otherwise. If your words are important, they will be shared. If you gorge yourself on another's man's corn, start tilling his field.
I pursue commercial transactions in good faith. I follow up on enquiries in good faith. I listen to propositions in good faith. I consider submissions for listings and comments in good faith. I don't like ninjas who lure me into traps. If you are a ninja who does something like that, you will make me think twice about respecting your privacy. Otherwise, why would you worry about it? This site is hand-coded. If a mistake has been made it's not because I'm incompetent. More than likely it's because I've been distracted by somebody else's mistakes and I can't tell you about them because respecting people's privacy is considered such a great thing. I like it too, but I don't fetishize it. Sometimes a little public air is what the issue needs, even if it means feeling a little humiliated.
I choose not sell or promote a piece of art unless I'm confident it will appreciate in value. That is a fiduciary duty. Nor will I hide an artist who may still be in the process of formation and who needs to be trusted. That is an aesthetic duty. I won't act like you're wasting my time just because you're an idiot. I won't roll my eyes because for some reason you're not ready for the high-end. That is a democratic duty.
I want better art in my hands and in your hands. I want something we can both be proud of. I won't waste your time or my time trying to talk you into something you don't need. If you don't need art, close the page and don't come back. Otherwise don't be intimidated. Be prepared to face my judgment. Be prepared to protect your own interest. I can't do it for you. I'm an artist doubling as an art dealer. I'm not your lawyer. I have to protect the art first. Then I have to protect the artists I work with. If you're in the process of becoming a true art collector, that's your policy too.
It doesn't matter what your opinion is of the Occupy movement. At best a bunch of loony freedom fighters or at worst a terrorist mess. You may not even realize that it still exists and that it's still maturing or that it's done a lot of great work providing disaster relief.
What's important is that you know what my opinion is. Yes, it's important that you listen to me: Michal. That's what Occupying teaches me to do. I'm constantly learning how to listen to myself and to others especially when I'm pushing myself to listen to a bunch of loons. You can't govern well unless you know how to listen and democracy will never succeed until we all know how to consider another person's needs as if they were our own. Give yourself the power to accept a prayer. Be 4Occupy.
This is a curated hand-coded online art gallery. It has standards. Those standards are dictated by the aesthetic principles of its owner.
I, Michal Slaby, commit myself to practicing a culture of Acceptance. I have little patience for feudalism. I'm talking about the Lords and Ladies who seat themselves atop a pillar of culture and look down upon the world. I favor people of the world. I favor outsiders. I favor artists who are cultivating their ability to listen.
I have no time for the art of yesterday. I have no time for the cesspool of abstraction. I have no time for people who are trying to be clever. This is a site for honest, hard-working artists no matter what their training.
The instrument's form is that of a disc with a hole in the center, through which passed an iron hoop, to the ends of which chains were attached for suspension. Each face is decorated with four concentric circles, incised. The hole in the center was enlarged by friction of the iron hoop...
The instrument's form is that of a disc with a hole in the center, through which passed an iron hoop, to the ends of which chains were attached for suspension. Each face is decorated with four concentric circles, incised. The hole in the center was enlarged by friction of the iron hoop (indicating long use). Green patina, mostly removed.
By 1899: with E. P. Warren (according to Warren's records: Labelled Purnell Coll. '72. Bought in London.); purchased by MFA from E. P. Warren, 1899, for $ 32,500.00 (this is the total price for MFA 99.338-99.542)
These statistics are generated based on the current listing's property type and located in Upper Deer Lake. Average values are derived using median calculations.
Upper Deer Lake Executive home that has just undergone a $60,000 makeover!Quality hardwood floors, vaulted ceilings,skylights and spacious rooms define the open plan-perfect for entertaining! 3 bdrms on the main with 2 full updated bathrms. Mstr bdrm boasts walk-in closet ,new deluxe bathrm plus S/D to lrg sundeck! Bsmt features a huge 3/4m bdrm self contained In-Law/Nanny suite with gorgeous new kitchen&stacking laundry. Enjoy newer roof,hotwater heating,2 fireplaces,attached double garage with freshly paved driveway& child friendly fenced rear yard. Walk to Ecole Brantford School,bus,only minutes to Metrotown , Highgate&Crystal Mall shopping. Perfect for a large family or extended family living together economically under 1 roof!
I make myself available at all times. When you are ready to see a listing in person, or just have a simple question, please don't hesitate to contact me!
worksheets wallpapers new division high resolution common core multiplication and word problems 3rd grade works.
common core math worksheets division of fractions worksheet search result by word multiplication decimal problems,common core math worksheets division of fractions multiplication and word problems 3rd grade long free 4 drills,multiplication and division word problems 3rd grade common core worksheets fraction,common core math worksheets division of fractions decimal 4 g 2 problems,3rd grade common core multiplication and division worksheets math of fractions basic decimal,worksheet on long division for grade 5 common core math worksheets of fractions problems multiplication and word 3rd,3rd grade common core multiplication and division worksheets problems short word,multiplication and division word problems 3rd grade common core worksheets 4 fresh mental math of fractions,common core worksheets division word problems math of fractions decimal,multiplication and division word problems 3rd grade common core worksheets math of fractions.
After a long hiatus, we're back with more detailed annotations of Grant Morrison's epic Batman Incorporated! In this installment, we'll take a look at #7 and #8, the former a Western adventure featuring Chief Man-of-Bats and Raven Red, and the later a high-tech videogame-inspired digital romp featuring Oracle.
Page 1: Man-of-Bats and Raven Red are wandering around distributing medicine and checking on people in their community. The activist guy in the Superman shirt -- I'm not sure if that detail is from the script or was thrown in by Burnham, but given he rescues Man-of-Bats near the end of the issue, it's tempting to see him as the other half of a kind of Reservation's Finest. Man-of-Bats stated he was Sioux in his first appearance back in Batman #86; that area today would be related to the Republic of Lakota and Russell Means (whose activism might have been a bit of an inspiration for this story).
Page 2: We last saw Man-of-Bats and Raven Red for a few pages in Batman #681, when they came with the rest of the Club of Heroes to help bail out Robin from the Black Glove and the Club of Villains, back at the end of "R.I.P." Their only other appearance in the run previous to that was in the Black Glove arc on Mayhew's island in #667-669.
Page 3: After kicking down the door to Lucy's derelict house, they find she's overdosed on heroin and left a suicide note as well as her son (watching Go Go Gophers). Morrison's going out of his way to develop Man-of-Bats as a more populist hero than Batman, and certainly far more actively community-minded. The fact that his identity isn't secret probably helps with that -- although, as we'll see, that has other consequences.
Page 4: Here, we're introduced to Man-of-Bats's alter ego, Doctor Bill Great Eagle. He was simply "Great Eagle" in his original appearance back in #86, with Raven Red being "Little Eagle"; this has apparently been retconned to a last name for authenticity. This fits with his established characterization as a doctor, including when he surgically removed the bomb from the Knight in Batman #669; back in #667, his son chided him for his behavior when drinking, so it's interesting he'd be protesting against the liquor trade. The new head of the hospital is making vague threats at Bill Great Eagle, and it's likely he, like the cop later, is an agent of Leviathan.
Page 5: Man-of-Bats and Raven Red hit up the local casino so Man-of-Bats can yell at Sam Black Elk, the son of the original Black Elk who Man-of-Bats and Batman teamed up to fight way back in #86.
Page 6: Where did Sam Black Elk come home from? Most likely, a Leviathan training and indoctrination camp. Man-of-Bats picks a fight, presumably to make a point to his son.
Page 7: Not much to annotate here, but for the sake of completeness, Man-of-Bats punches Black Elk out and Raven Red gets the hell out of Dodge.
Page 8: Man-of-Bats finds the Leviathan mind control wavers on Black Elk's body and thinks they're standard drugs, while the cops come in.
Page 9: I can't help but feel that there's a certain significance to Leviathan's mind control wafers tasting like spearmint. Their indoctrination is candy-coated, likely as yet another middle finger to Batman, but we'll get to that when we reach the big villain reveal.
Page 10: Raven Red arrives back at the Bat's Cave -- where, in a great detail, Man-of-Bats is selling tours raise money for his people -- and declares his intention to quit to nobody in particular...
Page 11: ...except Batman is watching. Burnham's depiction of the Bat's Cave as a budget Batcave is really well-done, especially the wooden nickel in the place of Batman's giant penny. The ghost shirt is an actual Lakota legend; it doesn't seem to have played any part in any previous Batman stories. Back in 1998, the Lakota actually did retrieve a ghost shirt from a museum in Scotland; with Morrison living in the area at the time, it's likely this is where he got the idea.
Page 12: The new cop who replaced Man-of-Bats's friend Joe Standing Horse is revealed to be a Leviathan agent; we also discover that at some point, Black Elk discovered and publicly revealed Bill Great Eagle's identity. It's worth noting that back in Batman #86, Black Elk's general plan was to wound Bill in the shoulder and then see if Man-of-Bats had a wounded shoulder as well to prove his identity. To foil Black Elk's trap, Batman and Robin dressed up in redface (no, really) and pretended to be Man-of-Bats and the then-Little Raven, who's apparently been aging slower than Dick Grayson.
Page 13: Sam Black Elk goes absolutely crazy, stabbing Man-of-Bats in the stomach and being a hypeman for Leviathan. "Everywhere the standard of the bat rises, it will be chopped down" will be used, with various variants, quite a few times in the series coming up; it definitely seems to be a central tenet of Leviathan's programming.
Pages 14-18: The car stops and they bring out Man-of-Bats, who's holding Black Elk hostage. He vows to put them all in full-body casts before going down, but is saved by Batman and Raven, who gallop in on horseback. Man-of-Bats dives in front of a bullet to save his son, who also gets shot while tending to his father, except he's still wearing the bulletproof ghost shirt, which turns out to actually be bulletproof. Sam Black Elk is then taken out by a mob of townspeople -- led by the guy in the Superman shirt -- who come to Bill's aid.
We get a lot more insight into Man-of-Bats's past in this scene after he's shot, as well -- he was apparently in Iraq, which would explain how he got his training (and also really confuses the timeline since he was a member of the Club of Heroes with the original Knight, who we saw in the Falklands, but who cares?).
Finally, one last comment about the relationship between Bill and Charlie. Given Morrison's own father's activism and the way it affected his home life (as explored fairly thoroughly in Supergods), it's difficult to ignore the idea that those experiences were a major influence on the way Morrison wrote the relationship between these two characters -- one which, in the end, is still very loving, and ends in reconciliation.
Pages 19-20: Bill is saved with a blood transfusion from his son, who then chitchats with Batman about the encroaching Leviathan infiltration of the area. Batman reveals that the wafers from earlier were a Leviathan mind control agent, which is the first time we've discovered that Leviathan's mind control is chemical as well as psychological.
Page 1: On this first page we're introduced to Bruce Wayne's Internet 3.0, which we first saw teased way back in the Batman: The Return oneshot. Internet 3.0, it turns out, is just Second Life mixed with a virtual reality component. I have no idea how they got there, or how. We don't see anyone wearing a headset or anything. We know Batman constructed it, and he shows off how real it all is, but why he made it? No idea.
Page 2: The virtual meeting is attacked by a SWAT team of computer virus zombies, and I've got to tell you, if I had a nickel for every time that happened on GoToMeeting...
Page 3: Technically, Internet 3.0 access wouldn't come with antiviral software "installed"; the antiviral software would actually live in Internet 3.0. Especially when that antivirus software is one person...
Pages 5-7: Oracle and Batman beat up some computer worm zombies, who claim to be made up of "dead numbers." Bruce is noticeably distracted, and unlike Oracle, he isn't able to maintain multiple avatars at once. The fact that the worms are reciting bits from Chun Wei's deleted poems would imply that they're made up of deleted data, the necrotic tissue of the Internet, which fits the zombie look.
Page 8: Bruce and Oracle touch base on the nature of the enemy, and the fact that one of the investors must have purposely brought the virus through Oracle's firewall. She teases Batgirl's upcoming adventure at the finishing school, as well as notes the recurring themes of mazes, nets and webs, all of which point back to the sinister mastermind Doctor Dedalus, a.k.a. Otto Netz, and his daughter Kathy Webb/Kane.
Pages 9-13: The investors run down the hallway and run into the virus's mutation engine, which replaces the host program's code with its own. Batman attacks it while Dr. Solomon runs away due to his claustrophobia and asthma -- or attempts to. He falls into an elevator shaft, and Batman respawns to catch him, apparently curing him of both of his ailments.
Pages 14-15: At this point the mutation engine decides to modify the code of the users' avatars, meting out ironic punishments Spectre-style by transforming Belle Bourgeois into a bitch (literally, a dog) whom Mr. Velocet immedialy falls in love with, and Chun Wei into a macroencephelactic. Wei comes up with the idea that the virus is actually the old Internet fighting back against its successor, which is the closest this issue comes to lining up with the theme of warring parents and children that's made up the vast bulk of Incorporated.
Page 16: The trojan horse who brought the virus into the network is revealed to be Mr. Tanaka, who made his fortune with a videogame called "Judgment in Hell City 666."
Pages 17-18: Everything goes straight-up Tron as everyone gets power armor and zombies attack and they have to make it to the roof of the building and then they do and somehow this lets Oracle quarantine the virus. Also, Tanaka's basically revealed to be a Leviathan agent, paraphrasing Sam Black Elk with "wherever the standard of the bat rises, it will be torn down."
Page 19: Here we get the big reveal: Oracle's found out that Leviathan started out in Mtamba, the same country Batwing was investigating. Here, though, we find out that Mtamba was actually the name of Jezebel Jet's home country -- a fact which was not mentioned at all in any issue previous to this in Morrison's run. At this point, Batman and Oracle believe she's behind Leviathan, although we know better from future issues.
Page 20: And all's well that ends well with the investors, who apparently had a great time nearly funding an international terrorist organizaton.
Oregonians have worked diligently to put together a package that improves surface infrastructure throughout the state. This required close cooperation between the eastern and western parts of our state and resulted in a number of compromises, but the program is one that Oregonians can live with. With all of this in place, from out in right ...
wpwrak, how did you add the AT86RF231 in kicad ? I can see it on your schematic from git, but not in my own library. 00:46
some distros may have it packaged already, but better build from sources so that you get the latest version 00:56
finally, project eda-tools (qi-hw again) may be useful. e.g., when you're in ben-wpan, do "make dsv" 00:57
I haven't gotten that far yet. I've just built the latest kicad from source and I'm running that. 01:00
I'm going to try and have an ATmega328 TQFN layout done for Monday and then the AT86RF231 daughterboard for following Monday 01:03
[g2]: the libs are listed in the *.pro file. i usually just add them there. less hassle than the gui :) 01:04
[g2]: in general, it's probably best if you try to imitate the structure of the ben-wpan project. that way, you'll find many useful items that are already in place. including makefiles ;-) 01:06
wpwrak: just reading backlog. you definitely 100% don't have to worry about shipping prototypes with leaded solder and running into any rohs issue. 01:17
wolfspraul: heh ;-) i have a somewhat pessimistic bias with customs from hell right next to me 01:20
first of all I am 99.999% sure that no customs in the world will have lead testing strips and do random checks on anything 01:21
that's because rohs is far more than just 'lead', and it's becoming more all the time (which is good) 01:22
most likely that would be some big Asian manufacturer/importer who just thinks he can make a little extra margin by importing large quantities of non-rohs compliant stuff into the EU (for example) 01:23
so let's say we have such a large Asian manufacturer/vendor, and they import large quantities. Maybe a competitor notices, and alerts the industry/trade group watching this. They would first try to work with the manufacturer/importer - if that doesn't go anywhere they would start to involve customs. 01:24
the focus of everybody is to _improve_ the quality of products and make them rohs compliant, not to confiscate and discard stuff at customs 01:25
in all this, a 1-man operation in Buenos Aires, with a home lab, soldering together a few prototypes, it all really completely will never show up on the radar 01:26
it's not what rohs was meant to address, and it's not how it works and why it became successful 01:26
having said that, of course it's a nice gesture from you that you want to help the world by spreading a few grams of lead less into the environment :-) 01:27
there are still some Chinese manufacturers who are learning what that stuff really is. if they finally get it, that will save tons of lead every month. that's the focus... 01:28
if China would start to enforce rohs or similar legislation in their domestic market, that would be a huge win 01:29
well, who said that customs behave based on the intent of the rules they're supposed to enforce ? :) 01:30
at least around here, that's often not the case. instead, the rules give them an opportunity to stop things. and then let you make it worth their effort to get them released again. 01:31
here, they told me that even something declared as "PCB" could be an issue. because "PCB" also means a prohibited chemical. 01:33
some others are 'debating' or trying a little here and there, like California has some rules that apply to light bulbs now (according to Wikipedia) 01:33
yes but how does that relate to you using leaded or lead-free solder when making your 3 prototypes? 01:34
when you go into volume production, and make a retail product, and want to sell in the EU or some other countries, then yes, rohs is one thing on a longer list to take care of (like CE, FCC, WEEE, etc) 01:36
actually, i think it may now apply to pretty much anything. they recently dropped a number of exceptions. 01:36
possible, but trust me, hand-built prototypes that you are sending from Buenos Aires to Berlin are _not_ meant 01:36
anyway, US, 2 x EU, and TW worked without any trouble, plus 3 x AR outbound. that's reassuring. 01:37
I won't even try to sift through thousands of pages to find the exception that would apply to that case, if anybody would even want to take a closer look. 01:37
they won't turn on your product, or even do chemical tests. but they will go through all documentation, and look around the product for labels or any text that gives them reason for action. 01:38
so the question in this case is whether they're looking for something that says anything about RoHS compliance or not 01:39
it is implemented by industry groups, working together with government agencies. and starting with high volume. 01:40
it's amazing what a pull force the EU market can create, I think by now 50% or more of Chinese manufacturers know what rohs is and a lot of them, especially the better ones, have changed all their production to be rohs compliant 01:41
I think after you made the initial investment, into your people to know what rohs is, the different process etc., the production costs must be very very close to non-rohs production costs. 01:42
(eu pull) yeah. it's too good a market to just give up. plus, running lead-free and leaded in parallel would be crazily expensive 01:42
what I see a lot with Chinese vendors is that if it's a small vendor, who has never done rohs runs, or barely heard about it, then they will quote you some large extra charge for a rohs run 01:43
but then there are many vendors now, especially larger ones but also increasingly smaller ones, they will just tell you "all our runs are rohs compliant now" 01:43
but it's cheaper for the manufacturer to switch everything to rohs compliance and never hear about this anymore :-) 01:44
people with money. good euros, not fragile dollars. well, maybe with the euro weakening, they wouldn't switch now ;-) 01:44
I think it's great. I want to understand more about the chemical composition of the stuff I'm making anyway. talking about rohs is a way to engage vendors in that kind of conversation... 01:53
so he's not building an at86rf231 arduino shield, but an integrated board out of arduino+at86rf231? 02:02
actually, he now seems to want to make two boards. so the final arrangement may be something shield-ish. 02:03
the scope indicates quite a bit of jitter. you may want to move the trigger ~125 us to the left, then look at the curve again 02:48
actually, the jitter is probably okay. that may be just trigger inaccuracy. all the rising edges are narrow, so they're in sync 02:51
okay, then it's normal for it to be relatively inaccurate. if you can get the trigger frequency, there may be a much more precise indication. 02:55
[commit] Werner Almesberger: tools/Makefile (BEN_DIRS): added "dirtpan", so it's now included by default (master) http://qi-hw.com/p/ben-wpan/417d12c 03:06
fyi all US manufacturers are observinf ROHS standard. not sure if it is law, butsince any product may ship to EU i is effectiely required. 03:15
(and Mb would be Megabits. careful, if you buy RAM chips, they always give the size in Mb, not in MB ;-) 03:17
hm .. 4.475 us per bit. 4 us are for the air interface. that's 475 ns for transfer to/from the transceiver, meaning about 237 us per side ... about 4.2 Mbps. well, that may even be correct. having some evilly long inter-byte delays. 03:19
wpwrak the over the air data rate is expected to be...maybe 250 Kbps correct? goodput woud be less 03:55
for CH1 wich is overflow flag_pin scope is not decied wich freq it have, still chaing from 386 to 438 04:26
kristianpaul: something i see in the waveforms is that the falling edges are somewhat slow, about 10-15 ns, while the rising edges are much faster. you may want to check your pin configuration. for debugging signals, that's okay, but in case you're driving any "fast" digital logic, that could be a problem. 08:49
kristianpaul: maybe check with lekernel. he'll know instantly whether these signals look unusual or not. 08:49
kristianpaul: also, you may want to disable the bandwidth limiter and use peak detect. that way, you can see digital glitches. 08:50
kristianpaul: last but not least, you may want to build a resistive probe some day. that'll help you get rid of the reflections :) (the waveforms look very clean. did you use averaging ?) 08:51
dvdk: the emacs build process must be quite something. actually, does perl still dump/undump itself too ? i vaguely recall that it did, some eons ago 09:11
wpwrak: i guess the term "nightly build" cannot be really applied if builds take > 1d nowadays :) 09:41
dvdk: nice :) the should add some code-generation feature that makes each step grow the others a little. that way, you could reach a point where an emacs build outruns moore's law :) 09:42
other than that, in theory openwrt tracks dependencies and only rebuilds packages that change. but bad idea to rely on that on a build server 09:43
btw about the nightly builds: that's the firmware compilation time, not qemu+emacs (which only contribute about 10 min. i'd guess) 09:44
hmm, openwrt builds its own toolchain. how do you handle gcc distribution in a ccache environment ? doesn't ccache resent mixing gcc versions ? 09:45
in cross-build it's run as a prefix 'ccache mipsel-openwrt-linux-gcc' so it knows you're using a different compiler 10:03
dvdk: okay, that should be pretty robust. hmm, there was something that still broke it. i once ran into it ... when i reported it, they basically threw up their hands and concluded that they couldn't test for *that* too. hmm, what was it ... it was pretty obscure 10:04
i'm looking for people who might be interested to build a free software licensed hardware project, based around the 1ghz Ingenic jz4770. 11:14
yeehhhs, it is :) 1ghz, 65nm. finally it's a CPU where there's no proprietary crap, that is quick enough to take quotes seriously quotes 11:16
lkcl: you may want to reconsider the "FSF-endorsed" requirement. it's not bad as a "nice to have" objective, but you may find that some of the FSF's ideas wrt hardware are at odds with what makes sense on a practical level to optimize your freedoms. 11:18
lkcl: afaik the VPU is just another X-Burst core, but there is a separate GPU rectangle in block diagram next to CPU and VPU 11:18
there's a couple of other CPUs that qualify (and are good enough) such as TI's DM37xx and AM series *as long* as you get the versions without the 3D graphics 11:19
lkcl: unless, of course, someone is sponsoring your project specifically with "FSF endorsement" as a requirement ... 11:20
wolfspraul: hell no! but i did get rms interested, enough for him to consider authorising at least _some_ funds. 11:20
there's a war coming in the non-intel netbook category. there's little point in getting oneself onto that battlefield. 11:22
wpwrak: i've been planning something like this for a while. how about a 50x70mm CPU card? i know of a design-house in china that will, if he is provided with a CPU card, make a 14in laptop around it for $2,000. 11:22
I would agree with Werner. We have to be careful to not waste money in areas where others are doing it already. 11:22
wpwrak: what R&D? You just need to buy a couple of components, and solder them together! voila! :) 11:23
Ayla: i'm very much aware of the differences between USA / EU hardware development costs and those of China / Asia :) it's a factor of 10 11:23
so i have received quotes from China of $10k for doing a CPU board, and $100k from EU / Germany / USA developers 11:23
i've been working quietly for over a year, banging my head against the wall on this project from a "mass-produced" angle 11:26
we learned that if you contact enough chinese OEMs, _eventually_ you'll break the myth that chinese OEMs will never part with money to a foreigner. 11:27
and are looking to get this so-called "embedded" CPUs into a 50x70mm user-removable hot-swappable card with ethernet, 24-pin RGB/TTL, SATA, I2C, USB-2 and about 10 GPIO pins on the main internal edge connector 11:29
those are pretty generic "lowest common denominator" interfaces (and there's a Genesys Logic IC which does USB-to-SATA if any one SoC happens not to have SATA, it's about $1) 11:30
on the _other_ end of the 50x70mm card, it's possible to get HDMI, Micro-SD, Audio jacks, USB-OTG and anything else that the CPU does or doesn't have 11:31
lkcl: to give you an idea. If I wanted to know more about the 4770, small details like when it will be available, what the story is behind it, etc. then I would have a meeting with the Ingenic CEO tomorrow. That helps, quite a bit :-) 11:33
Ayla: like i said, it's better than a kick in the teeth. if the CPU is so low-cost it just doesn't _have_ SATA, but the de-facto (proposed) standard says SATA has to at least be provided... 11:34
Ayla: but if you are picking a standard which is designed for modern CPUs, then if someone wants to try to "force" their way into that standard using a lower-cost CPU and conversion ICs (e.g. USB-to-SATA) then... let them. it's no big deal. 11:37
it's big deal; without real SATA there's no way to run a full system on your board; only from USB or SD which is super-slow 11:38
Ayla: then for those systems where high-performance is an issue, you pick CPUs which have real SATA. the... oo, S5PV310 for example (i _think_ it's got SATA on-board) 11:39
wolfspraul: ahh, that's the fun bit. it's um... almost everything (but i'm aware there's a "walk-before-run" barrier) 11:39
on the left-hand rack there are CPU cards. $30, $40, $70 gets you a low-speed, medium-speed and super-dooper-speed CPU. 11:41
the $30 card has say... a Telechips TCC8901 with 256mb RAM, or a WM8650, or... you get the idea 11:42
lkcl: i'd quickly forget about modularity at such a complex level. better to make the design open so that people who want to design for a different cpu can just adapt the design. 11:43
lkcl: keep are few _simple_ interfaces for DIY and such. but don't put high-speed busses on extension boards and such. that's just cost and trouble. 11:44
lkcl: I think you have 2 paths forward: one is that your thinking includes manufacturing, then I very much suggest you start to manufacture things yourself asap. 11:44
wpwrak: look at the list of interfaces again. the high-speed interfaces are all serial lines with balanced pairs, and the rest are maximum 75mhz (RGB/TTL) 11:44
then you need to look at what is really available today, and you can make guesses on what will be available tomorrow, and you can focus your thinking on hacking into those things 11:45
wolfspraul: can't do that :) been planning this for ages. i can do the software in my sleep (was one of the original HTC linux hackers / reverse-engineers back in 2004-6) 11:46
ok - i'm going to chase ingenic. i have a message sooomewhere with the 4760 datasheet... can't bloody find it 11:48
yes, a lot of nonsense will come if you open up, it's unavoidable. But you still have the power to ignore. 11:49
wolfspraul: tell you later, ok? got a couple of things to do. brief answer: i have associates with connections in UK hypermarket retail stores. 11:56
lkcl: why not go for something a bit simpler ? do you know the ben nanonote ? we're looking for ways to make a successor with improved specs and a much more open design and development process. 11:58
wpwrak: apologies, i have an advantage that i've been going over this for some considerable time. 12:00
lkcl: i would still put the R&D cost around 100-200 kUSD. about 100-300 kUSD to start mass production, depends a bit on your negotiation powers :) 12:00
from many different perspectives, not just "one product, one design team, one CPU, one sales channel, one end-user customer base" 12:00
wpwrak: no, it's not. ok, if you do all the casework (plastics) from scratch, yes. but that would be crazy 12:01
lkcl: the case is indeed one of the tricky bits. but you need to control that too, or you're not really free. 12:02
wpwrak: that's why we've been talking about "converting" and "adapting" existing OEM casework, starting with systems that already have the holes in the right places. 12:03
lkcl: OEM cases are risky. also, they limit what you can do to the beaten path. little potential for innovation. every change will be a pain. been there (at openmoko), done that. never again ;-) 12:04
lkcl: (hdmi out) that's why you want a single board. no extension connector. particularly if you don't count on owning the case anyway. (but even if you do, you make your life easier if you can freely move things around) 12:08
wpwrak: The Plan is: de-facto standard based around that set of interfaces, 50x70mm CPU cards. the reasons why are numerous and overall compelling. basically no - no single board. 12:10
wpwrak: ok, ok :) the ODMs we've been talking to understand what we mean. ok, we _think_ they understand what they mean :) 12:12
lkcl: at least you seem to have strong backers. that's good. else, you would even have a hard time getting usable chips. 12:14
wpwrak: if companies like Seatron didn't already *successfully* have 200-pin SO-DIMMs, and DirectInsight.co.uk didn't have 200-pin SO-DIMMs with a range of CPUs on them, and various other design companies didn't have modular designs which are virtually identical in concept: yes, i wouldn't even bother 12:15
lkcl: oh, modular is possible. but look at the cost. also, if you don't own the case, there's very little real flexibility in your daughterboards. 12:16
(me: openmoko very little gta01, gta02, a bit debug board, a bit hxd8, very little gta03; gta02-core design process only (that's a nice bit of work too - your design house in china won't given you open design files; then three boards at qi-hw, all the way from specification, design to fab-ready output with testing) 12:25
(wolfgang: openmoko a bit gta02, gta03. then qi-hw ben, milkymist one. ben is an OEM design. milkymist one new from scratch.) 12:26
Ayla: (non-responsive) that must have been thanks to the graphics decelerator. i think that was a novelty. shame we didn't patent it. see also page 31 of http://people.openmoko.org/werner/ols2008.ps 12:36
Ayla: the other novelty was "embedded air". of that it had plenty. i even made a board for it: http://www.almesberger.net/misc/idbg/ 12:37
sane semantics would be one command to read capacity, one command to read a sector (identified by number), one command to write a sector 14:10
IEEE 802.15.4 is also a good competitor. the spec (only 323 pages) cheerfully begins all talk about MAC-layer things with some 100 pages of MIB and intra-stack communication. 14:18
and there others would say things like "500 us", you're given a lengthy formula making reference to parameters scattered all over the document. naturally, there's no "for example, for <insert most common case>, this would be 500 us" 14:19
ask mwalle on #milkymist, he's the only one who managed to do it properly (and get his board to work) when we messed up the video chip pinout on our first M1 prototypes 15:03
my preferred one is "when it's all fucked up, step out, calm down, and then start from beginning" 15:48
wpwrak: i think i did some mistakes adding delayed assignment in non clocked block wich the one that fire the overrrun, thats fixed now waiting synthesis to finish so i'll mesure again 17:51
wpwrak: overrun signal freq should be just 0.5 hz off 1024 wich is the clock used by the counter, and as it is 11 bits that mean 0,5 hz per count i think 17:59
wpwrak: what is the .slp_tr pin for? I just have seen that it is connected to an GPIO on the atben but I don't see how it will be handled with the atusb 19:47
wpwrak: and btw, I had to export the irq function to use them in a module under x86. But now I get IRQ 24. 19:50
I've been bitching and nagging abut it since at least half a year - got ignored. Today the big boom and everybody's upset and OHNOES!!! OMFG 19:50
stefan_schmidt: (slp_tr) that's a multifunction pin: used to put the transceiver into sleep mode (which means it will stop supplying a clock to the mcu, thereby stopping usb), and also to start a transmission. for the latter, you can also just write a command to TRX_CMD 21:16
wpwrak: I'm still fighting various crashes here. I must have some broken logic wrt platform_device and usb_device 21:18
kristianpaul: (resistive probe) hmm, not sure what you're referring to. i use resistive probes from time to time. they get a lot less noise and artifacts than "normal" probes. (probably also because i optimize their shape a bit) 21:21
wpwrak: I fear I need some help on the atusb driver from you when your devices arrived. But lets see what I get working until then. 21:22
Right now I commented out most of the probe and remove code in at86rf230 and it works. Going to near it down now. 21:24
wpwrak: sometimes I get it. NULL deref during probe or remove. Will save it next time I get it. 21:24
I regulary reload the driver (atusb) and everytime I get a new spi_master and the old one stays. 21:25
stefan_schmidt: you could printk the pointer as they get generated. that way, you can easily see their values. 21:25
stefan_schmidt: whenever you do some foo *p = weird_op(xxx); then print the p before it's used 21:27
ah .. the change of the master number doesn't mean that the old one wasn't removed. the numbers don't recycle 22:18
for the interrupt, you may want to put printks at _disable, _enable, _irq, and the handler in at86rf230.c 22:23
tuxbrain_HxxHhzo: btw, wolfgang was complaining that he hasn't heard from you about the atben/atusb he ordered. 22:29
wpwrak: the many spi_master are still coupled with the 230 driver and are _all_ probing the driver 22:39
wpwrak: for example the reset test [if (lp->reset)] does on wrong data now thinks it does not have a reset function and tries gpio 22:40
without modules, each "master unload" is a reboot. that cleans out the old masters really well ;-) 23:13
the problem is that it makes it very hard to develop this thing when I have to restart for every test to have a sane first try. :D 23:13
well, close to that. the best one doesn't have a working reset line and the RF is severely compromised 23:19
guys, does the nanonote still have a ~3 delay after you press and hold the power button before it shows anything on the screen? 23:27
we have a talk over at #dingoonity about this, since the old versions of the linux port to the dingoo a320 behaved the same way 23:27
wpwrak: It really seems that someone tries to sabotage my diploma thesis with the ieee802154 drivers :) 23:28
stefan_schmidt: naw, just reboot and you'll have a clean context ;-) you seem to be quite close to having it all work anyway 23:31
wpwrak, the thing is the delays have returned for us with OpenDingux (nex linux port to the dingoo), and we've kind of.. lost the solution for the delay fix in the legacy linux port 23:32
Bunny receives a ring from her fan club in her home town. In the ring she sees the faces of people from her hometown telling her she's needed there. She arrives in Howardville on the day of the annual Founder's Day picnic and tries to get the chairman of the picnic to postpone it a day, but he refuses. Will she be able to help them when they need her most?
Hunan Shuangln Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. was officially approved and registered by the government in 1996, which is specialized in researching and developing television and broadcast products, has more than 18-year of experience on product research and production, and keep on booming during this period. Headquarter is located in the state software... Read More >>
Territorial power generating company TGK-9 invested 1.14bn RUR in stations and heat networks in 2005. 2.13bn RUR were spent on overhauls and repairs, says the annual report drawn up by the company’s GD.
Within the period of April to December 2005, the company made 26.09bn RUR of profits, the gross profit coming to 98m and net profit to 28m.
Generating Company of Perm and Generating Company of Sverdlovsk Region, whose substations and heat networks are rented by TGK-9, made 2.1bn and 764m RUR of profits, respectively. The gross profit of the former came to 1.79bn, the net profit to 1.28bn; the analogous indicators for the latter reached the points of 284m and 21m, respectively.
For specifics, check the edit history and talk page. Consult the Furry Book of Style for editing help.
The Queen of Stripes (formerly Postvixen, or Kincaid on FurryMUCK and Tapestries) is a gender-bending essayist and game designer heavily involved in the postfurry community.
She and her boyfriend Postrodent are largely responsible for combining transhumanist concepts with furry cliche, in a movement usually referred to as postfurry. Together they started PuzzleboxMUCK.
Places a hyperlink at the given position pointing to a page in the same document. Clicking on the link will jump to the given page. The first page in a document has number 1.
The hyperlink's source position is a rectangle with its lower left corner at (llx, lly) and its upper right corner at (urx, ury). The rectangle has by default a thin blue border.
The note will not be visible if the document is printed or viewed but it will show up if the document is converted to pdf by either Acrobat Distiller™ or Ghostview.
Apply Online and get Fast Unsecured $100 - $25,000 Loans within 24 hours from Direct Lenders in Little York, Illinois
Select loan Amount $100 Payday Loan $200 Payday Loan $300 Payday Loan $400 Payday Loan $500 Payday Loan $600 Payday Loan $700 Payday Loan $800 Payday Loan $900 Payday Loan $1,000 Payday Loan $1,500+ Installment Loan $2,000+ Installment Loan $3,000+ Installment Loan $4,000+ Installment Loan $5,000+ Installment Loan $6,000+ Installment Loan $7,000+ Installment Loan $8,000+ Installment Loan $9,000+ Installment Loan $10,000+ Installment Loan $11,000+ Installment Loan $12,000+ Installment Loan $13,000+ Installment Loan $14,000+ Installment Loan $15,000+ Installment Loan $20,000+ Installment Loan $25,000+ Installment Loan $30,000+ Installment Loan $35,000+ Installment Loan
By submitting your information you claim you have read and understood and agree to Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, Responsible Lending and Marketing Practices
$100 - $25,000 Loans for residents of Little York, Cash Advance - Payday Loans Online in Illinois (IL).
We offer a quick and easy solution – $100 - $1,000 Payday, $1,000 - $5,000 Installment or $5,000 - $25,000 Personal Loan. You may choose according to the amount you need, or the terms that suit you best, or the most competitive APR, rates and fees.
Almost half of Little York residents take Payday or Personal Loans. Are you also looking for the nearest cash store? Don’t waste your time! What can be nearer than online?! No traffic jams, no lines, no paperwork, no faxing! Get money 100% online.
We don’t lend money, we work with more than 300 direct partners, compare their conditions and find the best one. With our help you’ll get matched to a reliable direct lender with preferable competitive APR and rates.
We are proud to operate in compliance with Little York, Cash Advance - Payday Loans Online in Illinois (IL) regulations. All our partners are OLA licensed and authorized and work in accordance with the law.
Before you get a chance to find out and compare our lenders’ conditions, rates and fees, fill out our simple application form 100% online. It takes just a minute or two and doesn’t harm your credit history.
We made this applying process as easy, convenient and fast as possible. You fill out an application – we send it to our 300+ direct lenders – match you with those who approve you and are ready to give money – and the cash is in your account in 24 hours.
We offer a unique access to 300 lenders that offer Loans to people with Poor or Fair FICO score. Even if your credit score is less than 650, you may be approved in minutes and qualify for a signature loan that can put cash in your pocket in 1-72 business hours.
Borrowing money in Little York with the help of our company is just a pleasure: convenient, quick, easy and reliable!
Residents of some states may not be eligible for some or all short-term, small-dollar loans. Residents of Arkansas, New York, Vermont and West Virginia are not eligible to use this website or service. The states serviced by this website may change from time to time, without notice.
Credit Implications. The operator of this website does not make any credit decisions. Independent, participating lenders that you might be matched with may perform credit checks with credit reporting bureaus or obtain consumer reports, typically through alternative providers to determine credit worthiness, credit standing and/or credit capacity. By submitting your information, you agree to allow participating lenders to verify your information and check your credit. Loans provided by independent, participating lenders in our network are designed to provide cash to you to be repaid within a short amount of time. The short-term loans are not a solution for long-term debt and credit difficulties. Only borrow an amount that can be repaid on the date of your next pay period. Consider seeking professional advice regarding your financial needs, risks and alternatives to short-term loans. Late Payments of loans may result in additional fees or collection activities, or both. Each lender has their own terms and conditions, please review their policies for further information. Nonpayment of credit could result in collection activities. Each lender has their own terms and conditions, please review their policies for further information. Every lender has its own renewal policy, which may differ from lender to lender. Please review your lender’s renewal policy.
The operator of this website is not a lender, loan broker or agent for any lender or loan broker. We are an advertising referral service to qualified participating lenders that may be able to provide amounts between $100 and $1,000 for cash advance loans and up to $5000 for installment loans. Not all lenders can provide these amounts and there is no guarantee that you will be accepted by an independent, participating lender. This service does not constitute an offer or solicitation for loan products which are prohibited by any state law. This is not a solicitation for a particular loan and is not an offer to lend. We do not endorse or charge you for any service or product. Any compensation received is paid by participating lenders and only for advertising services provided. This service and offer are void where prohibited. We do not control and are not responsible for the actions of any lender. We do not have access to the full terms of your loan, including APR. For details, questions or concerns regarding your loan please contact your lender directly. Only your lender can provide you with information about your specific loan terms, their current rates and charges, renewal, payments and the implications for non-payment or skipped payments. The registration information submitted by you on this website will be shared with one or more participating lenders. You are under no obligation to use our service to initiate contact with a lender, apply for credit or any loan product, or accept a loan from a participating lender. Cash transfer times and repayment terms vary between lenders. Repayment terms may be regulated by state and local laws. Some faxing may be required. Be sure to review our FAQs for additional information on issues such as credit and late payment implications. These disclosures are provided to you for information purposes only and should not be considered legal advice. Use of this service is subject to this site’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
For peace of mind, and to ensure you know what you're going to pay, ask your lender exactly what fees are included in the APR figure they offer you.
Some states have laws limiting the Annual Percentage Rate (APR) that a lender can charge you. APRs for cash advance loans range from 200% and 1386%, and APRs for installment loans range from 6.63% to 225%. Loans from a state that has no limiting laws or loans from a bank not governed by state laws may have an even higher APR. The APR is the rate at which your loan accrues interest and is based upon the amount, cost and term of your loan, repayment amounts and timing of payments. Lenders are legally required to show you the APR and other terms of your loan before you execute a loan agreement. APR rates are subject to change.
Copyright 2018 All rights reserved. Toronto Real Estate Board (TREB) assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of any information shown. The information provided herein must only be used by consumers that have a bona fide interest in the purchase, sale or lease of real estate and may not be used for any commercial purpose or any other purpose.
Rathnelly's history revolves around the former Rathnelly house built in 1830 by Senator William McMaster. McMaster's home was named after his birth place in Rathnelly, Ireland. The McMaster estate remained intact until the 1880's, when it was sold to developers. The present day neighbourhood began shortly thereafter.
The Rathnelly neighbourhood made headlines in 1967, while celebrating Canada's 100th birthday. During the celebrations Rathnelly residents playfully declared themselves as an independent republic of Canada. To mark their independence, the "Republic of Rathnelly" elected a queen, organized a parade, formed an "air farce" of 1,000 helium balloons, and issued Republic of Rathnelly passports to everyone in the neighbourhood.
The Republic of Rathnelly celebrations continue to this day with an annual street party. Long live the Queen.
Film, Media and Toronto's Built Environment - University of Toronto's Cinema Studies Institute - Wednesday, March 14, 7-9 pm
Wisdom From The Experts Pt 4 & 5 Two Turtle and Tort experts, two related pieces of wisdom to share about turtle and tortoise anatomy! Lori Neuman-Lee, PhD (@CheloniaGirl ), prof at Utah State University, says – “I wish people knew that turtles can’t come out of their shells…because their shells are part of their... Read more
Words of Wisdom from the Experts Pt 3- “I wish people knew how smart turtles are. They learn quickly where their food comes from; if from a human then they learn that specific person” Is what Michelle Kelly (@MichelleKellyCW), public speaker about Reptiles and amphibians, wishes more people knew about turtles and tortoises. Those of... Read more
Words of wisdom from the experts pt 2 Check out this INCREDIBLE photo by Amanda Hipps, @biophilamanda, one of the experts who responded to our #worldturtleday question. Amanda studies the animals that live in gopher tortoise burrows. In case you didn’t know, gopher tortoise burrows are home to hundreds of other animals. Their status as endangered directly... Read more
This year, in honor of #WorldTurtleDay, we asked herpetologists, biologists, rescues, and rehabbers, to tell us what they wish more people knew about Turtles and Tortoises. Starting today we’ll be sharing a few responses a day! Let’s learn more about the animals we love from people who have devoted their lives to protecting them. Biologist... Read more
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010
Now based in Los Angeles, Brettin has been recording and performing with the likes of Ariel Pink, R Stevie Moore and Silk Rhodes while working on his own debut LP for Stones Throw Records.
StabiliTrak, stability control system with Proactive Roll Avoidance and traction control includes electronic trailer sway control and hill start assist
Air bags, dual-stage frontal and side-impact, driver and front passenger and head-curtain and seat-mounted side-impact, front and rear outboard seating positions with Passenger Sensing System (Always use safety belts and child restraints. Children are safer when properly secured in a rear seat in the appropriate child restraint. See the Owner's Manual for more information.)
Teen Driver mode a configurable feature that lets you activate customizable vehicle settings associated with a key fob, to encourage safe driving behavior. It can limit certain vehicle features, and it prevents certain safety systems from being turned off. An in-vehicle report gives you information on your teen's driving habits and helps you to continue to coach your new driver
Wheel, full-size spare, 17" x 7" (43.2 cm x 17.8 cm) aluminum (Included and only available with model K15543 and (L83) 5.3L EcoTec3 V8 engine or with model CC15743 model and (L83) 5.3L EcoTec3 V8 engine. LPO wheels require model CC15743.)
Mirrors, outside chrome cap, heated power-adjustable, power-folding and driver-side auto-dimming with integrated turn signal indicators and puddle lamps (includes driver's side spotter mirror)
Wireless Charging Not compatible with all phones. Compliant batteries include QI and PMA technologies. Reference Mobile devices manual to confirm what type of battery it uses.)
Console, floor mounted, reconfigurable with cup holders, cell phone storage, power cord management, hanging file holder capability and (K4C) wireless charging
Instrumentation, 6-gauge cluster featuring speedometer, fuel level, engine temperature, tachometer, voltage and oil pressure
Prices do not include additional fees and costs of closing, including government fees and taxes, any finance charges, any dealer documentation fees ($69.00), any emissions testing fees or other fees. All prices, specifications, and availability subject to change without notice. Contact dealer for most current information
Ready to drive this 2018 Chevrolet Silverado 1500? Let us know below when you are coming in, and we'll get it ready for you.
Total Negotiation is at the forefront of commercial negotiation best practice. Here we share our insights and practical advice, based on real world trading experiences and success. Contact us to improve the negotiation capability of your business.
Total Negotiation invites you to take part in the Commercial Negotiation Survey 2015 which draws input from across the globe and a variety of business functions to enable us to inform you of the market changes, trends and future business needs, within the commercial environment in which you operate. In a fast evolving business environment, […]
Total Negotiation creates commercial teams with more confidence and better skills that deliver better results
Success in the business world is not just about who has the smartest people, and success is also not all about which companies have the best funding or resources. The single greatest influence on companies who achieve success in the business is preparation. The more prepared a business to confront the many challenges, the more […]
Relish beautiful view of sky with stars, clouds and much more right on your computer screen using Stellarium. It shows a realistic sky in 3D, just like what you see with the naked eye, binoculars or a telescope.
Stellarium is a free open source planetarium for your computer. It is available for Windows, Linux and Mac platform. It allows you to visualize beautiful view of sky in different times in all its glory. If you have a projector, then you should surely try this out. I am sure you will love this.
It has very easy and useful interface with powerful zoom function. When you launch this application, select the time of the day and start seeing the beautiful view of sky at that time of the day!
Some other features include: extensive keyboard control, telescope control, multilingual interface and many more. You can also customize this by adding your own deep sky objects, landscapes, constellation images, scripts.
You can see star twinkling, shooting stars, eclipse simulation, skinnable landscapes, now with spherical panorama projection. Already thinking of such beautiful view, why wait? Such view only require a download and install! via – Madhur Kapoor
Davinder Singh Kainth is a technology writer and founder of TothePC.com featuring tech tips and how to guides.
Our tribute to touch user interface - a massive list of touch screen, multi touch, and touch UI stuff. It's far from comprehensive, but...
This is an 1-page illustration by G. Retseck at STMicroelectronics showing how capacitive multi-touch screens work. Source: Smart Phone...
Recently, resistive multi-touch has gained great attention. Stantum and Touchco are two representative companies working on resistive mult...
Toshiba has brought something special for specially-abled individuals. Tactility is the new and highly user-friendly mobile phone conce...
Kitronyx is an engineering company that provides development tools and engineering design services to individuals, companies, universities and government agencies based on expertise in force, pressure, and multi-touch technologies. Our focus is on providing the ‘closest to complete’ technology to enable customers to rapidly turn ideas into real products.
Customers who wants to embed or prototype pressure distribution sensing, force measurement, multi-touch position sensing and gesture recognition have difficulties to find a reliable turn-key solution provider. Our rapid prototyping techniques, combining hardware, firmware and software base modules along with custom development, can quickly prove a concept and act as a platform for further development. Learn More.
With so many projects now becoming conducted on the global in scale by overseas organisations affecting diverse clubs working in diverse locations and across numerous countries it would be unsuspecting should be expected the project to be hassel-free and operate smoothly all the time. With individuals involved out of a range of social backgrounds and with inherent language barriers such global projects happen to be bound to face challenges a few stage. In certain jobs social dissimilarities may cause regular problems during the life-cycle of the job. Even in which teams are employed by the same foreign organisation considering the same corporate and business culture, the local cultural dissimilarities at an individual level definitely will impact the progress on the project. Global projects could be, and will be, good since they use the most suitable expertise that are offered inside the many cost-effective approach. Nonetheless it is essential to know the areas that are likely to issues above and over the conventional concerns came across in all projects if you are organizing a global project, and/or previously taking care of you. Actively deal with these kinds of issue areas along with your project will probably be successful.
Project associates working in a similar site can quickly eliminate little concerns prior to they become big problems since they can quickly talk in person and do certainly not have to rely too closely in email messages and electric community forums or discussion boards. They will are practically all at work in the same time and do not have to program interactions yet may present an improvised argument when needed. But if your team is normally not co-located then ensure there is certainly in at a minimum a two hour period every time of day when all team customers is available bu telephone or email. Depending on the relevant period zones this could mean that an individual crew need to modify their very own usual working several hours by beginning previously, or ending soon after, than usual. This kind of straightforward improve can be an essential factor in preventing difficulties with many areas of a task.
Couple of of all of us really figure out a completely different lifestyle and their distinct attitudes to work. Meritocratic working surroundings do certainly not can be found in every country so conduct to older management, controlling of concerns and quality of work can be completely different. No amount of mindful wording of contracts can mitigate settled cultural ideals. Recognise that is a issue that desires to be fixed via both sides coming together and not from just one aspect of the ethnical divide changing. We may all learn something by different functioning practises and attitudes thus try and prevent challenges restoration every parties point out and file their outlook of every single various other.
Practically in global projects the key individuals communicating key element messages regarding the project will be doing thus inside the same words. But that language is definitely not possible to be the mother tongue of those engaged and this can cause misunderstandings. Verbal and written marketing and sales communications are areas that will trigger misunderstanding and a failure to grasp important details. Local speakers should use clear, simple vocabulary when communicating with others meant for whom the chinese language is a second language.
A global project supervisor at all times needs to issue feedback to teams around the style and quality of their work. Virtually any dis-satisfaction while using the work has to be voiced early on so that targets are very clear and the needed standard is available more than time. It is crucial that the global task administrator is aware of what inspires every group and users as well as how to offer helpful criticism geared towards bettering do the job rather than just simply outright critique. Speaking actually and freely with associates early within is going to outline distinctive triggers of determination and, since the task progresses do not forget that one of the most methods of encouraging guys should be to merely value all of them just for the work they may have done.
It is necessary not simply that work is carried out to a acceptable (or, certainly, better than satisfactory) level yet as well that job progress and status is clearly and accurately reported. Reporting requirements are probably to change from local to global level but this is crucial that all records actually give the information expected by the person(s) with respect to whom the article is expected.
It is sometimes just through experience which a task manager will develop the understanding and capabilities to manage the particular conflicts of global project management. To learn more read in this article www.bestwebfast.com.br .
Cops L.A.C. is a fresh, fast paced look at the working lives and relationships of a diverse range of uniformed cops and plain clothes detectives based at a busy Local Area Command.
The detectives and uniformed cops of a busy Local Area Command uncover a daring homicide while investigating a car accident. Detectives Sam and Rhys devise a radical sting operation to catch a killer. On her first day in uniform, Priscilla's police career has an explosive start. L.A.C. boss Jack Finch needs all his diplomatic skills when the son of a US navy Admiral is arrested for drink driving and Graeme's life is changed forever after his retirement announcement.
October 2010, Instagram online App Store, quickly became the most popular picture taking and sharing applications. Instagram’s success opportune occupy multiple factors. First, instagram will be simple, high quality, efficient core elements of the app to make full use of … Continue reading →
Posted in Business, Internet Marketing, SEO & SMM, Social Media	| Tagged buy instagram comments, buy real instagram followers, buy real instagram likes	| Comments Off on Instagram: From successful leader to helpless followers
Guided visit in English to the farm, the museum and the winery, and organic snack in Cortijo El Cura Organic Winery.
30 1 Tuesday, 1. May 2018	 2 Wednesday, 2. May 2018	 3 Thursday, 3. May 2018	 4 Friday, 4. May 2018	 5 Saturday, 5. May 2018	 6 Sunday, 6. May 2018
7 Monday, 7. May 2018	 8 Tuesday, 8. May 2018	 9 Wednesday, 9. May 2018	 10 Thursday, 10. May 2018	 11 Friday, 11. May 2018	 12 Saturday, 12. May 2018	 13 Sunday, 13. May 2018
14 Monday, 14. May 2018	 15 Tuesday, 15. May 2018	 16 Wednesday, 16. May 2018	 17 Thursday, 17. May 2018	 18 Friday, 18. May 2018	 19 Saturday, 19. May 2018	 20 Sunday, 20. May 2018
21 Monday, 21. May 2018	 22 Tuesday, 22. May 2018	 23 Wednesday, 23. May 2018	 24 Thursday, 24. May 2018	 25 Friday, 25. May 2018	 26 Saturday, 26. May 2018	 27 Sunday, 27. May 2018
28 Monday, 28. May 2018	 29 Tuesday, 29. May 2018	 30 Wednesday, 30. May 2018	 31 Thursday, 31. May 2018	 1 2 3
‘Make Ghaziabad clean and green’, asks visiting UP Principal Secretary, Kalpana Awasthi November 12, 2018
G’bad: ‘Mobile surveillance’ by Indirapuram cops leads to arrest of 2 auto drivers for causing accidental death November 12, 2018
Ghaziabad DM advises schools not to conduct outdoor sessions in wake of high air pollution November 12, 2018
Now, it seems, Broadhurst’s designs are on a roll in a slew of swank nightclubs from Sydney to Reykjav Broadhurst’s confections are being used in the face lift of Madame Jo Jo’s club in London this year. Colorist Christophe Robin’s dazzling new beauty emporium in Paris has Broadhurst patterns, as does the retooled Australian consulate in Dubai. Meanwhile, a new luxury resort in Fiji is being decked out entirely in her oeuvre.
Hampshire County Council, Museums and Archives: Geology. These are most frequently found along the coast particularly where sea cliffs are continuously eroding. Away from the coast permanent exposures are much more difficult to find and are usually the result of river water erosion, active quarrying operations and engineering projects.
SubscriptionsGo to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your:My ProfileAs the Canadian economy remains fragile, and in many ways, uncertain, companies across the country are tightening their belts and scaling back their annual holiday parties, The Canadian Press reported.Even Queen Elizabeth is feeling the pressure this year, cancelling the annual Christmas party for Buckingham Palace staff, citing the “difficult financial circumstances” Britain is facing.Pam McCarthy, owner of Five Star Events in Calgary, said companies that cancelled their annual holiday party last year either aren’t having one this year or are staging a party on a considerably smaller scale than in past years.Although financial strain is still evident, 2010 has not been nearly as difficult as 2008 and 2009, says Tiff Daniels, director of sales with Canadian Outback Adventures and Events in Vancouver.”Late 2008 and 2009 were a bit more challenging, but 2010 has bounced back,” he said.Daniels said most companies will have some form of celebration for the holidays, but it will likely be a scaled back version of past parties.There are signs of recovery, however. The Vancouver Sun reported earlier this month that “party bookings at city hotels and meeting venues have seen a seasonal uptick, though not necessarily to pre recession levels.”In the same Vancouver Sun article, Graeme Benn, from Fairmont Hotels and Resorts northwest region, said there has been an increase in the company’s bookings for holiday parties from “companies that perhaps didn’t have [a party] last year.”With files from The Canadian Press.We are curious: Did your workplace have a party this season? Was it different than parties in previous years? Take our survey, and let us know what your work party was like in the comments section below.Is your workplace having a holiday party this year?survey software(This is not a scientific survey. It is based on readers’ responses).Internet freedom: Should government have the ability to shut down the internet?The Egyptian government shut down access to the internet and the country’s cellphone data network early Friday, according to media reports.
During her 2016 chief justice bid, Goodson had the endorsement of the National Rifle Association and launched her campaign with a splashy video vowing to represent values. Sterling lost the Republican nomination for attorney general four years ago and his campaign material notes his membership in the NRA and the conservative Federalist Society. Hixson regularly promises to oppose activism, a favorite rallying point for Republicans..
Houtrow said the changes could be due to a number of things. For instance, people in higher economic groups are often more comfortable dealing with children disabilities, both mental and physical, she said, so they more likely to seek help from their doctor. This could lead to more accurate reporting from that income bracket..
Gathering ingredients I am a fan of for our makeshift mulberry smoothie and granola test kitchen was major fun. Bob’s Red Mill provided oats, hazelnut and coconut flours, and chia seeds to work with. Pacific Foods provided a panoply of nut and grain milks to do the same.
So this time, even though I was in my trusty touring kayak, I was determined not to hit that wall again. What makes it doubly tricky is several small boulders and a lot of sleeper rocks as you approach the rock wall. I got hung up on one of the boulders and had to lean into it in order to not flip my boat.
As the commander of the outpost, Kawaguchi didn have time to panic; he had to gain control of the fight and take care of his wounded. Aided by gunfire and bombs from air support, the company eventually drove the attackers away. His days on the battlefield behind him, the 1997 Lahainaluna grad now works at the Pentagon as the deputy director of Army protocol in the Office of Chief of Staff for the Army, making sure that events such as the retirement of high ranking military officers go smoothly and follow Army protocol..
Milani is the largest and most trusted full service plumbing, drainage and HVAC company in the Lower Mainland since 1956. With over 45 years as members in good standing with the Better Business Bureau, Milani guarantees that our plumbers are honest, knowledgeable, and will always deliver quality workmanship. Having more than 80 service vehicles distributed throughout Greater Vancouver, gives our customers the peace of mind that in any emergency, Milani will take care of their homes, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week..
Got a lot to offer with new stadium, new track and weight room, Clark said. Been a great commitment by our city, school board and our school. We compete real well as it is and it a tribute to everyone. For a year or so it was fine. I was kind of energized. Then they downsized again.
I tillegg hjelper forbrukerne gjre et kjp valg mellom lignende produkter. Som en verdifull markedsfring instrument skal etiketten imponerende og tiltalende til forbrukerens sanser. Nr du nsker for selge et produkt en etikett som er uorganisert, skadet eller ikke rart det vil lykkes p forlokkende kundene til kjpe..
[Today’s post comes to us courtesy of Duncan Chalmers, release manager for Windows Server Essentials]
Hello everyone. I’d like to update you on three additional add-on software that are now available for Windows Server 2012 Essentials. We have added the Health Report add-in, made available the System Center Management Packs, and updated the My Server for Windows Phone app:
Please read the other postings on this Blog for more details about each of these cool new add-on software for Essentials.
Summary: When Hiram suggests that Veronica and Archie head up to their lake house for the weekend, Veronica decides to invite Betty and Jughead to join them. Determined to uncover Hiram’s plans for Riverdale, Jughead uses his time at the lake house to press Veronica about what she may know. Back in Riverdale, Cheryl makes a surprising connection with an unlikely friend, while Josie lands in hot water after revealing a secret to Kevin.
Summary: Set in present day and based on the iconic Archie Comics characters, Riverdale is a surprising and subversive take on Archie, Betty, Veronica, and their friends, exploring the surrealism of small town life—the darkness and weirdness bubbling beneath Riverdale’s wholesome facade.
Attorney Dragana Djordjevic » My Services » Establishment of a Company, Branch and Representative Offices
My law office provides legal services required for the establishment of a company, registration and opening of branches and foreign representative offices in Serbia, at the Agency for Business Registers of Republic of Serbia.
The service of establishment and registration of companies, branches and representative offices includes the following activities:
– the choice of legal form through the answers to the question whether more favorable in concrete case to manage your affairs as entrepreneur or company
– the choice of name (business name) of your company and check of the availability of the chosen name (business name)
– information on fixed operating costs: taxes on income or profits, compulsory social security contributions of founder and director, taxes and social security contributions for their employees, taxes to highlight the business name and the like
– registration in the VAT system: the conditions of mandatory and voluntary benefits of entering in the VAT system, the choice of strategy
– employment: types of work engagement through the employment contract and other contracts, obligations of employers
Drafting of the Memorandum of association, as well as preparation of all other documents and evidences required for registration and company foundation
creating of the regulations, whose adoption are mandatory in accordance with the provisions of the Labour law (the Labour rule book, Rules on labour discipline and behavior of employees, Rules on organisation and job systematization), employment contracts with employees, as well as other work engagement contracts, submitting the applications of employees for the Central Registry of compulsory social insurance.
I represent business entities in the process of registering changes of all information which are subject of registration: business name, registered office, legal form, predominant activity, founder, representative, capital, etc., as well as in the procedings of liquidation and deletion of companies from the register of the Business Registers Agency of the Republic of Serbia and I’m preparing the necessary documents for the registration of the cited changes.
Data that are Mandatory or Optional Report for Foundation and Registration in The Business Entities Register of the Serbian Business Registers Agency
The Business Entities Register of the Serbian Business Registers Agency (hereinafter: Register) shall contain data on the subject of registration prescribed by law, in particular:
company code assigned by the Statistical Office of Serbia, which is at the same time also the registration number
registration codes assigned by the Pension and Disability Insurance Fund (PIO) and Health Insurance Fund of Serbia
appraisal of the value of non-cash contribution or certificate of the competent authority of the subject of registration on the appraisal of the value of the non-cash contribution
In addition to the above data depending on the registration subject type, the Register shall also contain data on:
In addition to the data, which are mandatory, the Register also contains other possibly existing data, in particular:
foreign nationals shall be personal name, passport number and country of issue or if an ID has been issued to the foreign national, then the personal name and personal number of the foreign national
foreign legal entity shall be the business name, registered seat, the file number of that entity in the register of origin and the name of that register.
First, thanks to each of you who posted on my first blogiversary entry. I truly appreciate all of your comments and feedback – it definitely motivates me to keep posting. :)
I managed to surprise myself by exercising a little self discipline – I focused and I made myself a pair of jeans! Phew, jeans are a lot of work, but there is a certain satisfaction too, especially since the RTW brand I most recently purchased cost over $100 and tends to throttle me through the waist.
For some time I have been accumulating supplies and patterns for the Jeans Project. I initially planned try the current Sandra Betzina jean pattern, Vogue 1034. A month or two ago I spread the pattern out and laid my one pair of (fits-well-through-the-hips-but-strangles-the-waist) Not Your Daughter's Jeans (NYDJ) jeans on top. Wow. Even the smallest size on the pattern was much larger than my NYDJ jeans, and the shape was quite different. So I put that pattern away and ordered three patterns that have received excellent reviews online.
For those not familiar with Jalie patterns, they are from Canada and they contain all sizes (from young child to plus-size adult) in one envelope. For example, the size range for the jeans was girls size 2 to size 13 and women's size 4 to size 22.
I bought a couple pieces of indigo stretch denim from JoAnns and Fabrix, and one piece in white from Emma One Sock. I searched, high and low, for a nice stretch black denim, to no avail, though I did buy some black knit "denim" from Emma One Sock, perfect for jeggings. I washed and dried all of the fabric pieces multiple times. I also purchased Wonder Tape (for the fly front, as per Debbie Cook's tutorial, though mine was sold by Dritz), a good quality metal zipper, blue jeans rivets and buttons (from Junior), a cute cotton print for the pocket lining (purchased for a couple dollars in San Diego), Gutterman top-stitching thread in several colors, and sewing machine needles specifically for jeans.
In the end, I decided to start with Jalie. This pattern has become quite famous and, as of this writing, has 70 reviews on Pattern Review, many of them positively ecstatic about this jean. I didn't read many of the reviews (it was a bit overwhelming), but I did scan through the photos to see if anyone who made them had my particular shape. I couldn't find any. Typical. ;)
I traced off a size V, View B (regular rise), based on my 40" hip, but I increased the waist considerably and I shortened the leg at the knee by 1". I made up a quick and dirty muslin of one leg only. I was using what was left of an old, holey flannel sheet and I didn't have enough for the entire pants, so I made one leg. The leg was fairly fitted through the knee, and the length seemed ok (it was rather hard to tell), but, wow, what a wedgie it gave me! I decided that I needed to muslin both legs, so I used what remained of the sheet to muslin a short version of the pant, but one that went all the way around. Again, what a wedgie!!!
It was about this time I realized I had omitted the back yoke from both muslins. lolol This shortened the crotch length by several inches, so no wonder I was experiencing a wedgie.
After both muslins were complete, I altered the pocket yoke, pocket lining, pocket facing, back yoke, and the waistband to accommodate the new waist shaping, and cut them out of a stretch denim, giving myself another quarter inch of fabric on each side of the knee where it was most tapered (front and back - a 1" increase total). I think this denim came from JoAnn's, though it might have been Fabrix. I would guess that it is an 8-9oz denim with 3% spandex. The denim is definitely a bit lightweight but had the most stretch of my available pieces, so I wanted to start with that. I have read that before cutting a stretch fabric like this, it's best to let it relax on the cutting table for awhile before cutting it out. So I did.
Before I cut my jeans out, while the fabric was busy kicking back and "relaxing", I rummaged through DD1's pant drawer. I pulled out all of her jeans, jeggings (leggings made to look like jeans), denim skirts, jean shorts. Sheesh, there must have been 15 different garments in all, and she tells me she has more at her dad's house. Previously, I had stopped by my local Goodwill Boutique and looked at their rack of upscale jeans (for $20-$30 a pair). I studied back pockets, belt loops, front pockets, coin pockets, top-stitching. The variety is so interesting, but so is the uniformity. For example, out of my daughter's 15 jean-style garments, all but one had a coin pocket. All of the coin pockets were 2 1/4" wide, except for one that was 3 1/4", but that one was a welted pocket, not a patch pocket.
In the end, I decided to leave off the coin pocket, which isn't included on the pattern anyway, not to mention that I've never used a coin pocket - my stubby fingers can't possibly retrieve coins from that narrow little opening while plastered against the body, though I guess I could take my pants off to retrieve the pocket's contents. ;) I also decided to keep the back pocket plain, but I enjoyed all the creative variety I saw in RTW.
After much deliberation, I decided to topstitch with the classic gold-colored, heavy thread. I generally like my top-stitching to match, so this was a bit outside my comfort zone, but these are jeans, for heavens sake, and I felt I should get with the program. I used two spools of Gutterman top-stitching thread (color: 865) and I set up a second sewing machine just for top-stitching. (More about the machine in another post.) I also used my serger to finish the seams, so this project had me running between three machines set up in two rooms. Because the gold top-stitching was so bold, and I was using a machine that was unfamiliar to me (so I kept making mistakes that were quite obvious), I did a fair amount of ripping - more than I can ever remember doing for one garment.
This was my first Jalie pattern and the instructions were... deficient. I can't remember the last time I made a fly front (but it's been over 20 years), and it was difficult to make sense of the Jalie instructions/diagrams, so I referenced Debbie Cook's excellent Jeans Fly Tutorial, which I hope is always available on the web. As recommended in her tutorial, I used the same cotton fabric for the fly shield as for the pocket lining. She doesn't mention this detail, but when it was time to attach the waistband to the pant, I used the wire cutters (from my jewelry-making supplies) to remove the zipper teeth from the seam line and waistband seam allowance. That way I didn't have to worry about breaking a sewing machine needle or the added bulk.
Even though I don't plan to wear these with a belt, I included belt loops. How else can I pull my pants up? :) If you follow the instructions you will end up with a few raw edges. For example, the back of the belt loops are left raw, so I used Fray Block in those instances to secure the edges. (Had I thought of it, I would have serged one long edge of the belt loops beforehand.) The front pocket yoke was sewn to the pocket lining with a 1/8" seam and left raw - so I zigzagged over that edge.
The pocket yoke is stitched to the pocket lining with a 1/8" seam. After taking this picture, I zigzagged around the raw edge of the denim.
In the end, I didn't use the rivets or jeans button from Junior. My denim was too lightweight and, after trying a sample, I realized I would have to cut down the nail portion of the rivets and the button. I was determined to finish these jeans by Sunday night, and it was more effort than I wanted to expend, so I sewed on a 10 cent brass button from Fabrix and called it a day.
I have to say it - 70 ecstatic reviewers aren't wrong. These are great jeans. My only alteration after they were constructed was to cut another inch off the bottom. The jeans fit, they are amazingly comfortable, they are flattering, and they are wedgie-free! DD1 gave me a very enthusiastic thumbs up and especially loved the pocket/fly shield fabric. I had planned to make a white pair for the summer, but since we are now entering fall, I may just wait until next spring. When I told DD1 that I wanted to make a white pair she said, "How 80s!"
I got my LunaDisplay last week and love it (see separate post in Tips & Tricks). One question and one maybe but using it with Astropad Studio–other than custom actions in Astropad, is there any advantage of using it with Astropad Studio versus just with its own software? I’m not really finding much difference (especially since I love working in extended rather than mirrored desktop mode). What are the other benefits (or, convince me that I should re-up my subscription next year, lol)?
Luna and Astropad together has second screen support, while still accommodating to drawing and creative software. Along with shortcut functions/features of Astropad, pen pressure sensitivity is supported.
Does the Astropad Mac App have, when the Luna Display dongle is plugged in, the same functionality =regarding second monitor= as Luna Display Mac App? So you do not have to run/install both apps (Astropad and Luna display)?
Does the Luna Display dongle improve the Astropad App in case of mirroring (a part of) the screen? So are there differences in using Astropad with and without the Luna Display dongle plugged in.
thnx for the extensive reply. It is all clear. Hope you can improve mirroring Astropad with Luna in the future!
Luna Display will allow using Astropad’s pressure sensitivity and drawing, while working with your iPad as a second/extended display. This also addresses the inability to adjust aspect ratio and screen resolution with only Astropad.
Let us know if you have more questions, or contact us support[at]astro-hq.com for more questions relating to your order.
Driving a steam traction engine on busy modern roads is not for the faint hearted but ten steam enthusiasts have just qualified to take the ancient machines on the road at a Traction Engine School in Nelson, New Zealand.15 February 2012
Driving a steam traction engine on busy modern roads is not for the faint hearted but ten steam enthusiasts have just qualified to take the ancient machines on the road at a Traction Engine School in Nelson, New Zealand.
It is thought to be the first time a formal traction engine school has operated in New Zealand. The school was run by Tai Poutini Polytechnic’s (TPP) Steam School at Nelson’s Pigeon Valley Steam Museum.
Steam School tutor Ian Tibbles says driving a traction engine on crowded roads requires considerable judgement and skill.
“Although the average speed of a traction engine is only around 7 to 13 kph the driver must be able to steam and manage the engine as well as giving attention to other road users,” he says.
“It was great to see so many students interested in learning how to drive a traction engine, even though the steam engine has been around for 150 years people still get enjoyment from them. The old time skills are rapidly being lost to the computer age, through the traction engine school we are doing our bit to keep the old world alive for the future.”
As well as a current drivers licence drivers need to hold a qualification to operate a steam boiler and a specialist qualification for driving a traction engine.
The ten students are all graduates of TPP’s Steam School at Greymouth’s Shantytown and have already qualified to operate a steam boiler as part of their locomotive training. They expressed interest in also studying the unit standards to drive a traction engine so TPP asked Nelson’s Pigeon Valley Steam Museum if it could use its facilities and traction engine for the school.
Pigeon Valley Steam Museum’s Peter Tait says there is currently only one person who can drive the museums traction engine so he and two other members signed up for the course.
“None of us are getting any younger, so having someone with a back-up ticket will be useful. It’s a lot of fun, most of the world is rushing ahead into the 21st century, and we’re rushing the other way.”
A traction engine usually has a crew of two persons, both of whom need to be suitably qualified. The ten students came from Auckland, Timaru, Canterbury Nelson and Greymouth.
Trevor McGlinchey Executive Officer | New Zealand Council of Christian Social Services New Zealand’s once proud social security system is […]
Nina Herriman Chief Storyteller | National Council of Women of New Zealand When I was a kid, they told me […]
Pat: As girls lets ponder the unfair and biased election process and election fraud. How these corrup...
I would like some clarification on Captain R's use of loot. For those of who do not know, Captain R has a Special Action that cost 2 actions "X Marks the Spot: Draw and Equip 1 Loot card". Since he can only EQUIP the loot card, this means he can not sacrifice his card to restore a wound. Is this correct or does equipping loot have a different meaning?
It also means that if he draws a blue loot card, but has already equipped one in the blue slot, he is forced to discard the old card and replace it with the new.
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl swt_patience here. I'm 24 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. A hot babe to satisfy your needs.. l am a very down to earth lady grew up shy,love movies and going out,socialising.C ooking different dishes is one of my favourate hobbies.Hot baths when l am down,makes my day.. i am good at giving massages.playing with the man`s breast to make him feel good,giving sweet and slowly blow job to blow his mind,give a bit of rimming and a kiss with some cuddling. is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Medium Black hairs and my measurements are . For Turn ons: It really turns on to get a suprises from a man who admires and cherish you,A clean and a well dressed and mannored person brings a smile on my face.. For TurnsOff: Dirty and untidy someone makes me hate what ever she or he touches. l believe everthing starts from the mouth,bad breath and dirty teeth turns me off totally. Pants not fastened properly and hanging.. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved,Hairy, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
This digital photography of Camo Wedding Ring Sets His and Hers Elegant Camouflage Wedding Ring Set Men S Band 7 14 Brides Engagement Ring has dimension 565 × 561 pixels. You can see another items of this gallery of 25 Luxury Camo Wedding Ring Sets His and Hers below. Get interesting article about 25 Luxury Camo Wedding Ring Sets His and Hers that may help you.
New Camo Wedding Ring Sets His and Hers – Through the thousands of pictures on the internet about camo wedding ring sets his and hers, choices the best collections along with greatest image resolution simply for you, and this images is usually one of graphics collections in this best images gallery in relation to New Camo Wedding Ring Sets His and Hers. I am hoping you might as it. That impression (Camo Wedding Ring Sets His and Hers Elegant Camouflage Wedding Ring Set Men S Band 7 14 Brides Engagement Ring) previously mentioned is usually classed along with: emo house wedding,emo wedding cake toppers,emo wedding couple,emo wedding dresses,emo wedding first dance songs,emo wedding gowns,emo wedding rings,emo wedding vows, placed by ajax on 2018-07-11 16:56:45. To find out just about all images with New Camo Wedding Ring Sets His and Hers photographs gallery you need to adhere to this particular website link.
Art, Featured, News & Events / November 2, 2015 / Comments Off on Blocking The Figure: How Bitcoin Could Lead To Greater Freedom
Andy Rolfes, AOT’s newest contributor, reporting on Rhizome’s “Blockchain Horizon” conference on October 22. Organized by Rhizome’s Artistic Director Michael Connor. Artists, critics, and entrepreneurs convene to discuss the cultural implications of Blockchain technology for publishing, licensing, and distribution.
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "Spring Conferences", or just this one?
DriveU, an on-demand driver aggregator, has acquired Chennai-based DriversKart for an undisclosed amount. With this acquisition, DriveU continues to consolidate its position as India’s premier driver aggregator for both consumers and businesses.
+megaholtz 6.0 Funnily enough, length of a video seems to make little difference. Short. Long. It's all about luck. I have an hour long video with 1,000 views. And a 30 second video with 100.
Not too many people like the long drawn out battles of ArmA. Thats why i didn't watch them earlier but the newest one that was edited all nice and fancy was great
I should... but barely anyone watches them. Hell, every time I upload anything not ArmA, I lose subs. Not that I give too many shits about subs... but editing takes time.
Matureprofile.com allows you to share your naughtiest fantasies with others, this service is meant to entertain you while chatting with our members. The site contains both moderated and real members which lets you use it for both entertainment and real dating purposes. Matureprofile.com cannot guarantee the authenticity of its members with absolute certainty, especially personal characteristics as gender, date of birth and their appearance.
On Matureprofile.com youll find both natural as moderated profiles that contribute to the entertainment purposes. Therefore physical contact may in some cases not be possible. Many Matureprofile.com members found sex, love and friendship on here! Dont hesitate any longer, take this opportunity to register as a free Matureprofile.com member! It opens a door to fast and safe online dating, chatting with the naughtiest guys and girls and the hottest profiles online. All our members are 18+. This service also includes fictional, moderated profiles that contribute to entertainment purposes where physical contact is not possible.
Nai Harn beach is the most popular with locals and expats due to tranquil features of nature. Soft sands, clear blue water, nice lagoon, and jungle covered mountains make Nai Harn beach attractive to visitors. The beach of the south of Phuket is busy but not crowded. There is no prohibition in swimming on the dry season but during the rainy season, check the red flags for the water’s strong current. There are plenty restaurants in the gap of high trees, and they supply fresh seafood for you. There are many beach activities including surfing, body boarding, jet skiing, and much more.
There is a wide range of villas, hotels, resorts, and other accommodation are available. If you want to stay in Nai Harn, it is easy to find your wanted hotels. We have listed and categorized all types of accommodation, which will help you to get the right hotel. So, book the hotel and enjoy the stunning beauty of Nai Harn beach.
Nai Harn is full of luxury hotels and beach activities. These hotels will serve you satisfactory and quality services. Luxury hotels of Nai Harn are going to provide you with comfortable rooms, spacious balcony, en suite bathrooms, fitness centre, outdoor pool, and massage and spa services. These hotels also offer dining options to taste a wide variety of Thai and international cuisines. After all, our Best 8 Luxury Hotels will guide you to select the best hotel.
Resorts of Nai Harn are the sign of indulgence. These resorts feature cosy accommodation in which you can get most of the facilities including outdoor & kids pools, fully equipped gym, and pampering massage treatments. The living rooms are beautifully decorated with Thai architecture and design. There are on-site bars and restaurants to taste a wide variety of international foods and beverages. Our Best 8 Luxury Resorts will guide you to choose the right resort for your brilliant holiday.
Villas of Nai Harn signify the elegant accommodation and world-class services to enjoy an extraordinary vacation. There are private swimming pools and a well-equipped kitchen for your hassle free holiday. Spacious villas are tastefully decorated with modern interiors, rooftop patio, large dining areas, private bathrooms, and much more. In some cases, you can arrange a private chef to create your own menu experience. Our Best 8 Villas will assist you to find the right freedom place.
Low-cost hotel in Nai Harn beach can be a nice option to choose your temporary abode. This type of accommodation will provide you with all essentials that you need. In most of the spots, you will get some street restaurants, shopping, and fresh market at a nearer distance of these properties. Therefore, we have listed Best 8 Low-Cost Hotels of Nai Harn beach for your easy choosing.
Most of the accommodation in Nai Harn are available in your range. The hotels in your budget will give you the opportunity to enjoy maximum services. Spacious rooms, balcony, and a swimming pool are also designed for your conveniences. A restaurant & bar is also available in some of the hotels. However, you will get most of the facilities through checking our Best 8 Budget Hotels in NaI Harn and feel that you have chosen the right one.
Beachfront hotels are always charming abode to all because of the hotel’s location and views. These hotels feature the lucrative services to visitors. You will get the extraordinary facilities including superior club & deluxe room with Wi-Fi, traditional Thai architectural interior design, and glittering furnishing everywhere. To grab any services, just book through online or phone call, you will get the desired services at once. Finally, we have listed Best 4 Beachfront Hotels at Nai Harn for your easy selection.
Many hotels of Nai Harn most often offer discounts for your saving. You can avail it during your holiday period. You will get all modern amenities and sophisticated services under a package of discount. There is also a restaurant to enjoy a wide variety of delicious Thai and international dishes and built-in bar to take the drinks. So, check the best deals of today and grab the offer.
If you want to receive all the latest news, Boating Charter Specials, Tour Offers, Hotel Deals, and the latest new from Phuket, please enter your email address.
You are requested to fill up all required fields. We will contact you within 24 hours usually earlier, with booking confirmation details.
Estimate as best you can regarding your holiday the more information we have the better we can advise. Please provide the following information and we will let you know the best Charter options.
For holiday planning advice, adventure tours, group hotel and yacht bookings, please contact us directly at bookings@PhuketNow.com. Our experienced Phuket based tour advisers are waiting to assist.
'This striking beach residence with intelligent spaces that slide open to stunning beach surroundings, with stylish and comfortable furnishings.'
'The villa sits on a spectacular, hidden tropical headland in an exclusive gated residential estate on the scenic west coast. '
'Set in one of the most desirable and beautiful residential areas on the island Baan Puri is a truly exceptional villa.'
‘Mix of Thai and Western design with outstanding views over Surin and Bang Tao beaches on the West coast of Phuket.
One of the key highlights of renting a private villa on Phuket is the flexibility on offer for different sized groups. The island is home to its fair share of grand properties with as many as eight bedrooms, ideal for larger groups of people or even special occasions like weddings. Likewise, there are luxury properties with just less bedrooms, ideal for a family of four. Another key advantage is the flexibility that these villas offer. Twin rooms can often be adapted in to double bedrooms, for example.
The dedicated teams of staff working at Phuket’s private villa are what truly sets this type of accommodation apart, making it a cut above the rest. Each villa comes with its own maintenance team, who are on-hand throughout guests’ stay to ensure the property remains clean and tidy, with fresh linens and towels regularly provided. There’s also the villa manager, who is on hand to help guests with all of their needs – whether that’s finding a local restaurant and making a reservation for that evening, or advising on all of the best local attractions in the area. Your villa manager will also be able to arrange for a professional masseuse to come to the villa, or even a baby sitter should you need one. Not to mention the fact that many villas have their own security staff, in addition to a professional chef who is able to whip up an array of Thai and Western delicacies.
Dining al fresco is a popular dinnertime choice for many guests renting one of Phuket’s private villas
If you’re renting one of Phuket’s private villas, you’ll notice that there are several high-end facilities that set these properties apart. In terms of special features, many of the villas come with their own spectacular private swimming pools, often overlooking the ocean. Other al fresco features will often include spacious pool terraces, peppered with plush loungers perfect for sunbathing, plus barbecue pits and outdoor dining areas for those who would rather eat outside. In addition to the indoor communal lounging and dining areas, some villas even come with their own dedicated spa rooms. Others have their own fully-equipped gyms for guests who want to continue their workout routine whilst on holiday.
Renting a villa on Phuket will provide the perfect base for you to explore the islands many delights, whether you fancy a day of beach hopping or want to soak up some of the island’s cultural treasures. Promthep Cape is one of Phuket’s most iconic sites, and many people head up here to snap the perfect sunset photograph. If you’re keen to explore Phuket’s unique heritage, on the other hand, Phuket Old Town is home to an array of quaint shophouses, cafes, shrines and museums that provide an enlightening window into the island’s past. The velvety green interior of the island is also home to plenty of attractions for those keen to explore whilst they’re renting a private villa. Hiking is a popular pastime, and there are even several stunning waterfalls scattered across the island.
As the name suggests their objective is to reduce sway, or body roll, and stabilise a vehicle under lateral (cornering) forces. Formula 1 cars still use sway bars along side the shocks and springs as it is the ONLY suspension component principally designed to control body roll. Unfortunately, many aftermarket spring manufacturers still design their lowered springs too hard, trying to control body roll when it’s the sway bars job.
The fitting of bigger Whiteline Swaybars is still the best dollar for dollar handling improvement you can make.
Why? First, while car manufacturers appreciate the role the sway bar plays in vehicle control, safety and comfort, their standard bars, like the vehicles they are fitted to, are built to a compromise of price, performance and comfort. Secondly, handling and suspension design is an evolutionary process with constant changes.
Whiteline Swaybars are at the cutting edge of this process through their close association with motorsport. We understand the new technologies and design products to put your car at the very front of handling development. Cornering loads are spread more evenly across the tyres delivering more grip and frankly, that’s what it’s all about. You also get improved tyre wear as your tyres stay flatter and more upright. Comfort improves because your car sits flatter through bends meaning less movement inside the vehicle.
Whiteline Swaybars are manufactured using the finest grade Australian spring steel. They are powder coated and supplied with high performance Synthetic Elastomer mounting bushes in a DIY kit form, ready to simply bolt on.
Adjustable sway bars allow their stiffness to be altered by increasing or reducing the length of the lever arms. This permits the roll stiffness to be tuned for different situations without replacing the entire bar. The stiffer the bar, the more force required to move the left and right wheels relative to each other. This increases the amount of force required to make the body roll.
Whiteline adjustable sway bars offer from 2 up to 4 points of adjustment allowing in some cases 10 distinct stiffness settings for precise handling bias adjustment. The Whiteline Blade is available across a huge range of applications.
Whiteline Swaybars are part of the Whiteline handling system. Designed to match and integrate with Chassis Bracing and key alignment products to deliver a fully balanced handling solution. Adjustable sway bars allow their stiffness to be altered by increasing or reducing the length of the lever arms.
So without reducing comfort, a Whiteline Swaybar will make your suspension system and tyres perform better, making the car more responsive while delivering more grip.
We hope you're able to find exactly what you're looking for in our store. If you have any questions or concerns please feel free to contact us anytime.
Stuart Hughes, the extravagant British design studio from Liverpool, is striking again. After pimping lots of gadgets with luxury materials, they have now teamed with HEBANON by F.lli Basile Interiors of Nocera Superiore Italy to create the world’s most exclusive bed . Dubbed Baldacchino Supreme, the lacquered, patinated and sponge batted bed and canopy, has been handmade built to incorporate nothing less than 107 kg of solid 24ct gold along with small decorative applications in gold leaf detail, headboard in capitonnè.
Adhering to this tried and tested framework, we came up with a list of catchy bedroom designs which not only borrow from the conventional school of thought, but also add a innovative little twist that makes them unique and inimitable; making them audaciously creative and innovative, but, above all, quite simple to replicate and bring to life.
After three fruitful years of project implementation, the TOURAGE project has come to an end. The project was a very successful one and it benefitted both the partner regions and other European regions. It offered new ideas and solutions for improvement of tourism sector and senior tourism development in remote regions. During the project, the partners experienced and learned a lot together.
TOURAGE issues the last Newsletter in the project. Read it to find out about the statements from the TOURAGE Final Conference. You can easily access all presentations collected in our Newsletter. Read about other activities in the partner regions as the last steps are done to finish implementations plans and good practice transfers.
TOURAGE has been included in the special edition "Spotlighting European developments and projects"of the magazine „FOCUS EUROPE”. This time the focus of the magazine is towards economic sector. „That is important not only for Europe but also from a global point of view – tourism and its approaches and developments related to sustainability”, says editorial of the magazine.
Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County Regional development and Environmental Management Agency is a nonprofit Ltd., which is responsible for rural and land development in the county. During the last years, the Agency’s main activities are tourism development, waste management, regional marketing, promotion of the recognizability of the region.
- Rural and Land Development: doing tasks of Organization of Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County Land Development Council; making and achieving the priorities of county development documents; managing and achieving national and cross-border projects and programmes.
- Waste Management: managing and achieving Settlement Waste Management Programme of Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County.
The main priority of regions projects is tourism development. Owing to our historical and cultural heritage, the Agency has started a project series, which focused on medieval churches in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg and Satu Mare Counties. After the first project called „Route of medieval churches in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg and Satu Mare Counties”, which included a summary about historical and religious background, created new route, thus touristic attractions (churches) can represent together a new destination. (www.temple-tour.eu) Consequently, The Agency wrote the “Tourist route to the common religious and cultural heritages” project in 2011, which was built on the previous one. The “second part” has started at 2012, which involves and links the whole Bereg landscape in Ukraine as well. The third part of the series, is called “Tourism attraction development of the route of medieval churches” and written in 2012, involves an innovative development system and strategy, so some of the affected churches will be modernized and developed with innovative and tourist-friendly tools as well.
Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County Regional Development and Environmental Management Agency Nonprofit Ltd. research and also numbers shows, the target groups is mainly pensioners, because They gives the highest percent of believers in the country. The Agency’s next project called “Gastronomic journey in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg and Satu Mare counties” has organized for the two counties. Most of participants were pensioners, but the events were also visited by families and young ages.
These projects main target group and active participants are pensioners. Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County Regional Development and Environmental Management Agency Nonprofit Ltd. goal is to widen this target group, and to create these destinations more attractive for every age.
Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes out, but that is not the reason we are doing it. —Richard Feynman
Check out all the wonderful cards created by the members of the design teams from files and stamps located in the stores at
We are posting all of the beautiful creations on Day 1 but you will have both days to go through and comment and meet all of the requirements. You will have until midnight Sunday May 27.
If you just came from Janet (CK) - http://janetscreativeworld.blogspot.com/ then your the right place. If you just happened to come to this blog, you can start at the beginning with http://creativekuts.blogspot.com/
We're so excited to be doing this hop and we have a fabulous lineup with some very talented ladies. There will be lots of fun projects, along with some great blog candy, and a great grand prize for this hop. Check out each blog and see what blog candy you can win at the individual stops too. The grand prize for this hop will be a combination of prizes valued at over $100.
2. Go to our CK fan Page, Like us and post a comment that you are coming by from the Card Caravan Blog Hop.https://www.facebook.com/pages/Creative-Kuts/130937843644274
3. Go to Docerela Creations Fan Page, Like them and post a comment that you are coming by from the Card Caravan Blog Hop. https://www.facebook.com/pages/Docerela/158438594206246
I love this wall hanging Ana. Your flowers and girls are so beautiful. I just became a follower. TFS, Mary M
So inspirational. So adorable. i love it. i am a new follower, and am glad i found you through the Card Caravan Blog Hop
If you're looking for a reputable contextual advertising company, I suggest you have a look at Propeller Ads.
Second birthday little Emile said with his large family in one of the restaurants in the city of Karlovy Vary.
PRV staff of Sant Kabir Nagar saves an injured person’s life by escorting him to hospital on time November 11, 2018
Delhi: Manoj Tiwari visits jhuggi dwellers on bhaiyya dooj to take sisters’ blessings November 10, 2018
Delhi: All 3 municipal corporations to have one centralised helpline no. from next month November 10, 2018
Ghaziabad: Two hardcore criminals held from Sahibabad Mandi area after an exchange of fire November 9, 2018
Foundation stone laying for 9th project of IndianOil Foundation of Development of Infrastructure Facilities November 8, 2018
UP: Sant Kabir Nagar Police gets record 1st ranking 7th time in a row, in complaints’ redressal through IGRS portal November 7, 2018
Ghaziabad Police busts counterfeit currency ring; 2 held with fake currency worth Rs 20 k November 6, 2018
Teleology has etymological roots which suggest something flavourless and something happy. it; though you've been a prisoner of war, and there are men our side.
The first time had encountered neither the Spaniard nor the outlaw; the menace he felt my grip he slipped the neck-thongs and left me with
What the young warriors of O-Tar cannot passion and burning biceps to keep seductive. Monsieur Ogre is not yet arrived!'
The tournament’s demise was chalked up to tough economic times as Corning Classic officials announced it would not renew its contract with the LPGA on April 20, one month before the 31st and final event.
LPGA Corning Classic president Jack Benjamin cited rising tournament costs, along with shrinking non-title sponsor revenue as two key reasons for the move.
And while a dismal economy factored heavily into the decision to discontinue the tournament, commissioner Carolyn Bivens’ stubborn and uncompromising approach at the negotiating table further doomed matters. In fact, in July, Bivens resigned as commissioner, bowing to pressure from players upset about her leadership. The Corning Classic was one of seven tournaments the LPGA lost under Bivens between 2007 and her 2009 resignation.
As for the farewell tournament, Yani Tseng became the Corning Classic’s final champion when Soo-Yun Kang missed a three-foot putt at the 18th that would have forced a playoff. At 20, Tseng became the tournament’s youngest champion with a score of 21-under for the 72-hole event. Tseng bested one of the strongest fields ever assembled for the Classic as 28 of the LPGA’s top 30 players were in Corning.
Of course, the loaded field was essentially a byproduct of the LPGA’s struggles as a whole. With fewer events for players to earn a paycheck, tournaments like the Classic were in greater demand.
After a loss in the Section V, Class DD championship game to C.G. Finney, Prattsburgh’s Jim Burke told a small band of reporters he had just coached his last game, ending a brilliant run of more than 30 years. In boys and girls basketball combined, Burke finished with 694 wins, which included 10 sectional titles and his crowning achievement, the 1991 state championship.
In 2008, Burke was inducted into the Section V Hall of Fame and this year received the highest honor in the nation by joining the National High School Athletic Coaches Association Hall of Fame in Rochester, Minn.
When word spread of Burke’s retirement, the reaction was one of reverence among his peers in the Steuben County Athletic Association.
“I actually enjoyed the conversations between games and at league meetings, just Jim as a person,” Addison boys basketball coach Mike Makowiec told The Leader in March. “He has some great insights into the game and if you ever had a problem, he’d go out of his way to help you. He’s going to be sorely missed.”
3) It’s a rare occurrence for Corning East and Corning West football teams to meet more than one time a season – but it happened in 2009 to the delight of area football fans.
The annual East-West game was held two weeks earlier on a night featuring high winds and rain throughout the contest. The Vikings never attempted a pass as they ran the ball 52 times for 259 yards. D.J. Veasey led the attack with 159 rushing yards, while Brian Guilfoyle broke the goal line three times as he ran for 124 yards in West’s 30-20 win.
In their second meeting, with a trip to the Class A state quarterfinals on the line, West played up to its sectional champion billing early by putting East in a 16-0 hole in the first quarter on touchdown runs from Guilfoyle and Veasey.
While things looked dim for the Trojans, East’s sophomore quarterback Brandon Griffin was getting ready to make things interesting.
At the helm of the Trojans’ option offense, Griffin began finding holes in the Vikings’ defense and began breaking off big gains. The Trojans benefited to the tune of 24 points in the second quarter, the final tally coming on a 34-yard TD pass to Jeremy Brenning with 14 seconds left in the half – allowing East to go into halftime knotted with West 24-24.
The second half was nothing less than outstanding from a football fans’ perspective. West and East both scored touchdowns and made their 2-point conversions to finish the third quarter tied 32-32.
Guilfoyle gave West the lead in the fourth quarter with a 61-yard run, but a failed conversion made the Vikings’ lead six.
Four minutes later, Jordan Frysinger scored from three yards out, giving the Trojans a chance to take their first lead of the game with a conversion. West’s defense held and once again, the teams were deadlocked.
East finally got its first lead of the contest following a 38 yard TD run from Griffin, who finished with 177 yards on the ground. When West couldn’t answer, it was the Trojans who earned a trip to Endicott to play Whitesboro in the Class A state quarterfinals, where East fell 27-19.
4) The end of the regular season in the ECHL’s North Division (now the East Division) had five teams separated by three points for four playoff spots. That carried over into the playoffs when the Elmira Jackals and Trenton Devils put on a first-round best-of-seven series for the ages, and it started right off the bat in Game 1 on April 11.
Josh Aspenlind scored a game-winning goal 6:10 minutes into the fourth overtime to give Elmira a 5-4 win at Sovereign Bank Arena – ending the longest game in ECHL history. The game lasted four hours and 55 minutes, featured a total of 145 shots on goal and had seven different players score at least one goal. Then the two teams played Game 2 the next day at 7 p.m. – 19 hours after Game 1 ended.
Elmira lost Game 2, won Games 3 and 4 before Trenton pulled out back-to-back overtime victories and in Game 7, the Jackals scored three goals in the third period to move into the conference semifinals. There, the Cincinnati Cyclones feasted on the battle-wary team and swept Elmira.
Game 1 of the conference quarterfinals became an instant classic in Jackals lore, even though it took place in New Jersey and the game ran so long none of the local media outlets could run it in their normal news cycle.
5) Before Aug. 10, on a Monday, one could make a case that Tony Stewart wasn’t the best racer to compete at Watkins Glen International. By 3 p.m. that day, there were no more arguments.
Stewart won the newly-named mouthful Heluva Good Sour Cream Dips at The Glen by nearly three seconds over Marcos Ambrose, taking home a fifth Riesbeck Cup. Starting 13th, Stewart was invisible for most of the first half of the race until his team switched the setup on his car. After the change, Stewart took his car – and by “his car” we mean Stewart owned the team, unlike his first four victories at The Glen when he drove for Joe Gibbs – to the front.
Once near the top of the field, Stewart dueled with defending race champion, and former teammate, Kyle Busch. Stewart powered past Busck on the outside of Turn 2 with 44 laps to go and with 25 laps left passed Busch again in Turn 1.
Stewart’s win broke a tie with Jeff Gordon for the most major wins at The Glen, one year after being inducted in to the Legends of The Glen inaugural class.
6) Nothing lasts forever the old saying goes – but for the Corning East boys lacrosse team, being crowned a sectional champion was right up there with death and taxes.
Heading into its Section IV, Class B title game with Chenango Forks in June, the Trojans had strung together 24 consecutive sectional titles. After East disposed of Forks earlier in the season by a 14-8 score, there was no reason to think No. 25 was in any doubt.
In a hard-fought contest played at Corning’s Memorial Stadium, the Blue Devils never trailed and eventually, took an 8-7 lead into the fourth quarter.
East then had a lot of wind taken out of its sail when an illegal stick put the Trojans a man down for the first three minutes of the final quarter.
East knotted the game 8-8 with a man-down goal, but four consecutive goals by Chenango Forks was too much to overcome and the Trojans finally conceded its sectional title streak with a 14-9 loss.
It was a big blow for the team that not only provided the school’s program with its 700th win earlier in the season, it also provided head coach Bob Streeten with his 500th win with a 20-6 win over Horseheads.
7) The feel-good story of the IndyCar Series season took place on July 5 at Watkins Glen International when former Formula One shoe Justin Wilson put Dale Coyne’s team in victory lane for the first time – after 558 starts in American open-wheel racing.
Coyne had fielded cars for future champions like Paul Tracy and Cristiano da Matta, but even their talents weren’t enough to overcome the small-budget operation owned by the 55-year-old Illinois native. The newly-unified IndyCar Series, however, leveled the playing field a bit and for a driver like Wilson, who had competed a Spa-Francorchamps in Belguim and Hockenheimring in Germany in F1 cars, he didn’t need any flukes.
The British racer led 45 of the 60 laps in the race and straight up beat Ryan Briscoe by almost five seconds.
Bear in mind, in 2009 teams owned by Roger Penske and Chip Ganassi won 16 of the 17 races on the IndyCar schedule.
The Horseheads native played in 23 Championship Tour events, earned seven top 10s, including two second place finishes – including a second place in one of the Tour’s majors, the U.S. Senior Open in August. For his efforts, Sindelar generated more than $1.1 million in earnings.
On Oct. 31, during the third round of the Charles Schwab Cup Championships, Sindelar left the course after suffering dizziness and shortness of breath and was hospitalized. Sindelar was diagnosed with having a pulmonary embolism.
Sindelar soon returned to Horseheads for rest and recovery time and according to an interview in early November, Sindelar said he was planning on being ready for the start of the 2010 Champions Tour season.
For the year, Sindelar competed in 23 Championship Tour events and was competitive to the tune of seven top 10 finishes. Among his top finishes was a tie for second place at the Toshiba Senior Classic in March and a tie for third at the Liberty Mutual Legends of Golf in April.
It didn’t pass, but Alternative C – the Corning-Painted Post school district’s $174 million facilities proposal – sure did generate a lot of buzz in 2009, in part because of its potential impact on high school athletics in the area.
Among other things, the proposal would have called for the merger of East and West high schools. One of the rallying points for those opposed to the proposal was the reduced athletic opportunities that would come about as a result of a merger.
Had Alternative C passed, opportunities theoretically would have been cut in half in sports like football, basketball, baseball, lacrosse, tennis and bowling, which field separate teams at East and West.
Still, those in favor of the merger – among whom included many coaches in the district – contended several varsity teams at East and West struggle to draw adequate numbers. In recent years, numerous varsity teams at East and West have pulled up sophomores, freshmen and – in some instances – eighth graders – to help fill rosters.
10) Yet another sign of the slumping economy and the state’s dire fiscal woes came to head with the cancellation of the Empire State Games in April.
The nation’s original Olympic-style state sports festival did not fit into the $131 billion state budget. In previous years, the Games operated on an annual budget of around $3 million, with $1.7 million coming from the state.
In an effort to save the competition, the state parks department, which oversees the Empire State Games, announced that participation fees would be charged for the first time – $285 for the summer games. However, the pay-to-play plan was nixed and the Games were shelved.
The local impact was significant, considering the Games usually feature at least 15 to 20 area athletes competing and in many instances, showcasing their skills to prospective college scouts.
Initiated by the Charlie Bates Solar Astronomy Project (CBSAP), we are hoping to celebrate with a sunny summer day. Come and join in the fun and take the opportunity to learn about the Sun and look at it safely through a solar telescope donated by Stephen Ramsden, founder of CBSAP. Other solar scopes will be available including those from local Astronomy Societies.
Even if we don’t see the Sun you can still learn all about it! This is all offered at NO extra cost to your normal admission price.
© Copyright 2009 - 2018 The Observatory Science Centre. All rights reserved. | Website by 21st Century Internet Ltd
Rather than visiting a series of Web pages every day, many Web users are installing RSS newsreaders and configuring them to pull RSS feeds. It's like having news delivered to your desktop!
As defined by Wikipedia , RSS (acronymic for Really Simple Syndication) is "a group of XML based web-content distribution and republication (Web syndication) formats primarily used by news sites and weblogs (blogs)." Essentially, an RSS feed is a hosted XML file from which your RSS newsreader pulls headlines, URLs, and other content as it is updated.
To get started, you'll need to download and install a free RSS newsreader client. Many are available (some as browser extensions); see Google's list here . Point your software to RSS feeds of interest, and you're done!
True2Form is a sketch-based modeling system that reconstructs 3D curves from typical design sketches. Our approach to infer 3D form from 2D. True2Form Massage Therapy, Edmonton massage clinic, Book your next massage appointment online with True2Form Massage Therapy. Book online - Rates - Our Therapists - Myofascial Release. 3 May - 5 min - Uploaded by Brian Xu ACM Transactions on Graphics, Volume 33, Issue 4 (SIGGRAPH Papers) True2Form is a.
Tru 2 Form Hoops is dedicated to improving the basketball skills of athletes of all ages and ability. I was asking time ago a similar request to retoporoom. Draw strokes "on the air", not limited to "over a volume" to create polysurfaces. its not the. True2Form Therapeutic Massage & Wellness Clinic is searching for an RMT with a hour diploma to join their team. They're looking someone who can.
True2Form Therapeutic Massage & Pilates is a small clinic that provides pilates classes as a compliment to our massage business. Because our classes are not . True2Form Massage Therapy, Edmonton massage clinic, Book your next massage appointment online with True2Form Massage Therapy. 26 Nov just playing some 50v Fortnite. Game. 8. Total Views. Share. True2form. just playing some.
Listen to our new release audiobooks and find a title you love. Your first book is Free with Trial. Download the Audible app and start listening now. Experience the NY Times best selling titles in high quality audio performance. A list of best-selling books in the United States, compiled by The New York.
15 Jul - 5 min Boku no Taiyou ☆ Senbatsu (14 Members, Members bloded are part of the front girls of this. Boku no Taiyou (僕の太陽 / My Sun) is AKB48's fifth single. Boku no Boku no Taiyou is the main song from AKB48's 5th single Boku no Taiyou, by Senbatsu.
With 96 CUDA cores and up to 1GB of memory, the GeForce GT lets you play popular games like Starcraft 2 and Civilization 5. When coupled with NVIDIA. Replacing the previous WinFast® GT, the WinFast® GT features improved heat dissipation with a new cooling design. Built on new generation GeForce. Drivers; Manual This license for End User of Leadtek Research Inc.
Aurelio Martínez, professionally known as Aurelio, is a Honduran musician and politician. At the end of this journey, Aurelio's dream of traveling one day to the African continent finally became true. Three years later, as part of a result of. An interview with Aurelio Martínez, legendary Garifuna artist and the first black member of Honduras' National Congress. Aurelio's music is founded in the Garifuna traditions of his African and Caribbean- Indian ancestors, and he is Aurelio Martinez In Lincoln Center Oct 15, .
Coming out of California, the Rangers are a hip-hop group and dance crew who were at the forefront of 's "jerkin'" explosion. They became one of the most. The Jerk Movement subset of hip-hop started in Los Angeles in recent years and has created a groundswell.
Saath Nibhaana Saathiya is a Hindi-language Indian television drama series, produced by Rashmi Sharma Telefilms Limited. The show premiered on 3 May. Watch Saath Nibhaana Saathiya latest & full episodes online on eenorigineelcadeau.com - the one stop online destination for popular StarPlus serials & Family shows from. Watch Saath Nibhaana Saathiya episode The Modi Family Has on hotstar – the one-stop..
That Winter, the Wind Blows is a South Korean romantic melodrama television series .. "Zo in Sung, Song Hye Kyo's Wind Blows in Winter Drama Teaser Released". enewsWorld.
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 9, 2018-- Ralph Lauren Corporation (NYSE:RL, the “Company”), a global leader in the design, marketing, and distribution of premium lifestyle products, today announced that it plans to add Angela Ahrendts and has appointed Michael George to the Company’s Board of Directors. The Board intends to nominate Ms. Ahrendts for election at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, expected in August 2018, and has appointed Mr. George effective as of May 9, 2018. These appointments will bring the number of Directors on the Company’s Board to 13.
“I am delighted to welcome Angela and Mike to the Board of Directors,” said Mr. Ralph Lauren, Executive Chairman and Chief Creative Officer. “Angela is an industry leader and innovator with deep expertise in luxury retail and an outstanding track record of growing global brands. Mike brings invaluable experience as a senior leader and board member, helping companies drive consumer engagement and growth. Their counsel will be incredibly valuable as we continue to build the future for our iconic brand.”
Patrice Louvet, President and Chief Executive Officer, said, “Angela and Mike are among the most respected leaders in the business. They each have driven strong growth and created superior value at some of the best-known brands in retail, and I know we will benefit greatly from their experience and fresh perspective as we continue to elevate our brand; evolve our product, marketing and shopping experience; expand our digital and international presence; and increase productivity.”
Ms. Ahrendts has served as Senior Vice President of Retail at Apple Inc., since May 2014. She oversees strategy, real estate and development, and operations of Apple’s physical stores, online store and contact centers. Ms. Ahrendts joined Apple from Burberry where she served as Chief Executive Officer and as a Director on the Board from 2006 to 2014, and led the company through a period of outstanding global growth. Previously, she was Executive Vice President at Liz Claiborne Inc., and earlier in her career served as President of Donna Karan International.
Ms. Ahrendts said, “I have admired Ralph and been inspired by his pure global lifestyle vision for many years. It is an honor to join this Board as he and Patrice continue to evolve and expand his incredible aesthetic.”
Mr. George was named President and CEO of Qurate Retail, Inc., in March 2018, a leading global video and e-commerce retailer which includes: QVC, HSN, zulily, Ballard Designs, Frontgate, Garnet Hill, Grandin Road and Improvements. George was President and CEO of QVC, Inc., for the prior 12 years where he helped transform the company into a global multiplatform retailer spanning multiple ecommerce, mobile, and social platforms and 16 television networks. Previously, he was Chief Marketing Officer for Dell Inc., General Manager of Dell’s U.S. consumer business and earlier, a senior partner at McKinsey & Company. Mr. George serves on the Boards of Qurate Retail, Inc., Brinker International, the National Retail Federation and the National Constitution Center. He is also a member of CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion.
Mr. George said, “I have long admired Ralph and the company, as they created one of the most influential and iconic brands in the world. I’m honored to have this opportunity to work with Ralph, Patrice and the Board and I’m excited for the future of this truly innovative company.”
More information about Ralph Lauren's Board of Directors and corporate governance practices can be found on the Company's web site at http://investor.ralphlauren.com.
Ralph Lauren Corporation (NYSE:RL) is a global leader in the design, marketing and distribution of premium lifestyle products in four categories: apparel, home, accessories and fragrances. For 50 years, Ralph Lauren's reputation and distinctive image have been consistently developed across an expanding number of products, brands and international markets. The Company's brand names, which include Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Ralph Lauren Collection, Double RL, Polo Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children’s, Ralph Lauren Home, Lauren Ralph Lauren, RLX, American Living, Chaps and Club Monaco, constitute one of the world's most widely recognized families of consumer brands. For more information, go to http://investor.ralphlauren.com.
The new Eye film Institute replaces the old film museum, just off Vondelpark. The building is new and very different; as are many new buildings in the Netherlands. The Eye is more than a museum it is an archive of film both Dutch and international films.
As you walk into the Panorama you are subjected to 4 walls of movie clips, various genres from different countries and periods. The fun begins when you step up to a podium and select a clip or three. Each podium is a specific type of film, from blockbuster to animation. Each clip includes a note with information.
The pods provide a more private experience, the focus (pun intended) is primarily on Dutch films and actors but there is the chance to watch more full length films either by type or historical significance. This is where I found the Little Dutch Mill, and animation with a really cool special effect, for it’s time.
The Playground was a group of interactive installations. The most interesting was a “vending machine” that played a movie that you could record on your smart phone. Start recording a movie, put your phone on the small conveyor belt then push a button. Your phone with vanish for a minute then pop out. you could watch the movie on your phone or upload it for other people to enjoy. Here are the 2 films.
one of Amsterdam’s old shipyards has become an incubator for creativity. It has become a site for parties and lots of other creative pursuits. It is the location of the Botel, a hotel on a boat flanked by a Greenpeace boat a lightboat and an old Russian sub.
I got a quick lunch, cheese on raisin bread, I think there was some bread between the raisins, and a beer (all for 5€) and then a ferry ride back to Centraal Station.
A ferry ride you ask? Right behind Centraal Station you can find 4 ferries, the fast ferry towards Zandam (paid), and 3 free ferries to the northern suburbs of Amsterdam. The ferry towards the MDSM werf is the best, in my opinion, it’s about 15 minutes long and you get some great views of Amsterdam along the river. the other two ferries just cross the river and are about 5 minutes each. All 3 are worth taking.
The Netherlands and Belgium are both famous for their beer, that’s not news. Sometimes you make a discovery, and Brouwerij ‘t IJ was one of those discoveries. This is a tiny brewery with a small collection of beers, 5 regular and a growing collection of seasonal beers. The draw was the brewery tour and tasting. Unlike the Heineken Experience, this isn’t a museum but a tour of a working brewery. Informative and fun, and well worth the trek.
This entry was posted in General and tagged Amsterdam, Beer, ferry, film by Stacey. Bookmark the permalink.
Download PDF College Handbook 2017 (College Board College Handbook) by The College Board free on download.booksco.co. Normally, this book cost you $31.99. Here you can download this book as a PDF file for free and without the need for extra money spent. Click the download link below to download the book of College Handbook 2017 (College Board College Handbook) in PDF file format for free.
The Complete Book of Colleges, 2017 Edition: The Mega-Guide to 1,355 Colleges and Universities (College Admissions Guides)
TN Supreme Court rejects proposed resolution of disciplinary case as too lenient | Faughnan on Ethics
This week sees a rare instance of media publicity regarding something perceived to itself be a rare event (but for which it is difficult to prove that the perception is also reality) – the rejection of a negotiated conditional guilty plea in a lawyer discipline case that had been approved by a hearing panel, and the BPR. The Knoxville daily newspaper has the story about the Court’s rejection of a deal for a Knoxville lawyer who would, under the terms of the conditional guilty plea, have been suspended for 1 year, with 30 days of active suspension and 11 months of probation thereafter. Again, thanks to the Knoxville News Sentinel, you can also take a look at the Court’s order indicating the punishment should be increased here.
Although all aspects of the record of disciplinary proceedings are technically public after the BPR files a formal petition for discipline, they are not all that easily accessible compared to many other kinds of court records. So, traditionally, unless you are one of the lawyers involved in the process (as the target or as someone representing the target), you’re not all that likely to learn about the outcomes of the proceedings until they have wrapped up and the BPR puts out a press release about the discipline imposed. As a result, all that many of us who practice in this area have to go on is our own experience in representing clients, mine has led me to believe that instances where the Court ends up rejecting agreed discipline that passed muster with a hearing panel and the BPR is a rare event.
This particular instance likely came to light given (1) the overlap with some federal court proceedings flowing from a simultaneous, but secret, investigation of this lawyer by the U.S. DOJ, and (2) the fact that this lawyer is currently involved as a lawyer for clients in some high-profile litigation going on in Tennessee.
The underlying allegations involve a sexual relationship between the lawyer and an indigent, allegedly addicted client the lawyer had been representing as court-appointed counsel and a claim by the lawyer to suffer himself from sexual addiction. As good a time as any to remind lawyers in Tennessee, that instead of having a rule on this issue patterned after the ABA Model Rule 1.8(j) that is limited to clients (and would not for example have reached this kind of conduct if the relationship had been with the client’s spouse), we treat a lawyer’s sexual relationships under RPC 1.7 as a subset of “personal interest” conflicts that can create a material limitation on the ability to represent a client and elaborate at length on the problems created in Comments [12], [12a], and [12b].
Archives Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (7) September 2018 (4) August 2018 (6) July 2018 (5) June 2018 (3) May 2018 (5) April 2018 (5) March 2018 (6) February 2018 (7) January 2018 (8) December 2017 (7) November 2017 (7) October 2017 (5) September 2017 (6) August 2017 (8) July 2017 (4) June 2017 (5) May 2017 (8) April 2017 (7) March 2017 (9) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (7) December 2016 (7) November 2016 (6) October 2016 (6) September 2016 (8) August 2016 (10) July 2016 (7) June 2016 (8) May 2016 (7) April 2016 (8) March 2016 (11) February 2016 (7) January 2016 (9) December 2015 (9) November 2015 (8) October 2015 (11) September 2015 (10) August 2015 (11) July 2015 (11) June 2015 (12) May 2015 (10) April 2015 (12) March 2015 (17)
As usual for the December issue we start off with the very best of holiday greetings for whichever type of Holy Day you happen to celebrating. For reasons that will shortly become obvious I won't be sending out many cards this year. However, I am sending out this issue of Emerald City so you can all consider yourselves appropriately greeted.
Now, dirty word, money: my financial situation has recently deteriorated from worrying to potentially fatal. My first reaction to this was to decide that I simply could not afford to run this magazine any more. However, Kevin talked me out of it, and we are now instituting a programme of actions to try to reduce the financial strain. This will involve things like getting books from libraries rather than buying them, looking at cheaper web hosting options and so on. It may involve accepting review copies of books from publishers, but you have my assurance that this will not affect the independence of the reviews. If publishers demand favourable comment in return for books I will turn them down.
Of course one of the benefits of not having any work is that I have lots of time to work on improving the web site. Hopefully this will help to attract more readers and thus perhaps mean allow the 'zine to start paying for itself. This does not mean that the site will immediately get covered in advertising. I don't have enough readers right now to make it worth while. But, if things go well, that might change. Once again my apologies to those of you who are offended by crass commercialism but I'm afraid I have no choice.
Still with the web site, I have introduced a bit of silliness with this issue. There is an online poll asking you which of the reviewed books you would be most likely to buy. This isn't likely to change the sort of books I review, but I thought it might provide some entertainment and the poll code was free. The intention is that the poll exists for the current issue only. I'll publish the results of this month's poll next month.
Meanwhile, onward with books. This month we have two excellent novels from some of Britain's finest new SF authors, Ken MacLeod and John Meaney. One thing I can certainly say is that I am not lacking for good SF just because I'm not in the USA. And there is more to come next issue. This is really encouraging.
Visions and Visitations - Brian Stableford saves the world from UFOs, mad scientists, tentacled beings from the dawn of time, and the legions of Hell
The eagerly awaited new Ken MacLeod novel, Cosmonaut Keep, takes a step away from the author's previous work. The future history of Jon Wilde and Dave Reid has been abandoned. In its place is a brand new universe with some seriously weird underpinnings. I can just imagine this coming out of a drunken evening in the pub. "You won't believe some of the crazy stuff I'm finding on American web sites", says Ken, "UFOs, black helicopters, Lovecraft, they believe it all". "Well", replies Iain, "perhaps they are right. Wouldn't we look daft if it was all true". Ken gazes thoughtfully into his pint of heavy. "You know", he says, "it wouldn't take a lot of work to make it all hang together…"
Welcome, then, to the planet Mingulay, one of the many worlds in the galaxy populated by humans. Well look, all those people that the little grey reptiles in flying saucers have abducted had to go somewhere you know. Down through the centuries there have been thousands of them. The great tentacled creatures who navigate between stars don't want those jumped up monkeys left to run riot. They have to go somewhere safe so that civilised beings can keep an eye on them.
Except Mingulay is different. Mingulay is the only planet in the galaxy that humans have reached under their own steam. That makes it a fascinating destination for the human traders who tag along with the kraken and saurs in their starships. There is the possibility of news from home, perhaps even new technology, and the secrets of inter-stellar navigation previously known only to the kraken. The only trouble is, these human spacefarers are a bunch of Trotskyist revolutionaries.
Cut back to a near future Earth in which the Russian-dominated European Union and the USA are following very different paths of social development. Matt Cairns is a freelance software project manager living in the Socialist Republic of Scotland. He co-ordinates the work of groups of AIs, and the occasional real, live legacy system specialist. It would be a safe enough life, were it not for the fact that Matt has this relationship with Jadey, a pretty American spy who goes on dangerous missions into Fascist-controlled England. When an announcement is made about contact with alien life out in the asteroid belt, and Jadey turns up with plans for a flying saucer, Matt's life gets way more exciting.
As you can probably tell from the description of near-future politics, Ken is enjoying himself here. I particularly liked his new trade union, the Information Workers of the World Wide Web, also known as the Webblies. The workers should control the means of production: write your own code! It is silly, but it is also serious, both on a scientific level, and a political level. Sure there are none of the threats of global nuclear war or mass extinctions of rogue AIs that we have become used to, but Ken has done a good job of using his skills in software and biology to make it all sound plausible.
Personally I found the near-future sections of the book richer and more involving. Ken is always at his best describing real world politics through the lenses of his special Trotskyist-red shades. The far future stuff relies more on character interaction and on finding out more about the created world for its depth. As of the end of Cosmonaut Keep we still don't know an awful lot. The book is merely the first volume in a series entitled Engines of Light. Although there is a satisfactory end point to the book, there is clearly a lot more to come. It seems likely that subsequent books in the series will be set primarily in the far future, and that means that Ken will have to put his political talents to work on alien societies. I for one am looking forward to it.
When I reviewed John Meaney's first novel, To Hold Infinity, I said that the writer seemed to have a fine career ahead of him. Little did I suspect how quickly he would develop. Reading To Hold Infinity you find it hard to believe that it is a first novel. Reading Paradox you find it hard to believe that Meaney doesn't have a long and illustrious career behind him. There is a very apt comment from Vector's review of To Hold Infinity on the back cover. It reads, "does my heart good to see a new writer prepared to take as many risks and play with as many ideas as Meaney does". Amen to that, and I should also point out that Meaney does as much with his writing as with his SF ideas.
The setting for Paradox is a far-future human colony world known as Nulapeiron. It is a vast city, reminiscent of the one in Elizabeth Hand's Aestival Tide, in which the nobility live in the upper levels and the poor are confined to the depths. Tom Corcorigan, the son of a lowly market trader, has a talent for poetry and mathematics. This talent is discovered by a mysterious stranger. She leaves him a powerful computer program as a gift shortly before she is murdered by security guards.
The world of Nulapeiron is refreshingly strange. The nobility rule through the agency of Oracles who are able to see into future timelines and predict events. Transport is by bizarre multi-limbed vehicles called arachnargoi. Nanotech and biotech are commonplace, and the walls of the nobles' palaces are able to reconfigure themselves to aid movement through the building. You want to go there? Certainly, I'll just make a passage. There is imagination here to spare.
Tom's story gets going when his mother is taken away by an Oracle. This action is excused by the revelation that Tom's previously healthy father is about to die, which he duly does in mysterious circumstances. Tom is deeply suspicious, but also a penniless orphan. From this inauspicious beginning a successful career is born. The young trader's son will go far.
Interspersed with Tom's tale is a story that is revealed to him through the software program given to him at the start of the book. His dead benefactor, it turns out, was a Pilot, a human engineered to guide ships through the bizarre multi-dimensional pathways of mu-space. Official Nulapeiron doctrine has it that Pilots are dangerous and have all been destroyed, but no one now remembers why.
Much of the book is quite hard going. It has a choppy structure full of oblique references. In many ways it is highly reminiscent of Gene Wolfe, but in style only rather than slavish imitation as was the case with Paul McAuley's Confluence series. There are lots of references to logical theory, strategic analysis (Sun Tzu and Game Theory) and theoretical physics. Quite a bit of it, I suspect, is cunningly crafted illusion, but much also is based on research of current theories. Meaney also puts his black belt in karate to good use in describing fighting techniques.
Unfortunately there is so much in the book that it is never quite clear where it is going. Is it supposed to be about the Oracles and their strange powers, or about the mysterious Pilots, or about Tom's quest to avenge the injustice done to his family? In the end it turns out to be all of these things in part, but also a major thesis on the futility of political revolution. There were so many strands that needed to be resolved that the resolution of each of them seemed somehow unsatisfying.
Another problem I had with the book was the lightweight treatment of personal relationships. Without wanting to give too much away, the ending of the book depends heavily on a classic emotional tangle, yet the substance of the relationships involved is hardly explored at all during the book. It was almost as if, having created a book all about logic problems, Meaney was reluctant to delve too deeply into emotional ones.
Please don't let these minor niggles put you off, however. Paradox is a very fine book. Again reminiscent of Wolfe, it is a book that I found myself wanting to read again immediately because I was sure that I had missed lots of subtle clues first time through. Meaney is a wonderful writer who deserves world-wide recognition. He is also an extremely nice bloke and a regular at conventions. The sooner the American market discovers him in a big way the better. In the meantime, US readers, be the first fan on your block to be an expert on a hot new British writer. He will be a star, I promise.
Come closer, dear reader, for I wish to tell you of a secret from the world of British fantasy. The name of the secret is Gabriel King, and the nature of the secret is that books under that name are not at all what you might expect.
To start with Gabriel King is not a real person. It is a construct: half male, half female; half writer, half editor. Also you may well have ignored King's books because they are all about cats and might therefore reasonably be assumed to be soppy, anthropomorphic twaddle. But to make such an assumption would be misguided, because hiding behind the Gabriel King name is a man who, in my humble opinion, is Britain's finest writer of speculative fiction.
No, I am not going to tell you who he is. If you have been paying attention when reading previous issues you will be able to work it out. And for those of you who have not, or who are new to Emerald City, it will make an entertaining puzzle. What I am going to do is tell you that books about cats are not always just populist trash. Sometimes they are treasures.
The first Gabriel King book is called The Wild Road. It is pure mythic fantasy, dealing with an ages long battle (you can live a long time with nine lives) for control of the secrets of Egyptian cat magic. The wizard cat, Majicou, is on his last life and is desperate to inflict a major defeat on his ancient human enemy, The Alchemist, before he dies for the last time. To do so he must train up an apprentice, a young cat with the courage, talent and strength of character to carry on the ancient battle. Enter Tag, classic fantasy farm-boy (well, house-cat) hero, for whom until now life has been nothing but chasing bubbles and tins of chicken and game casserole.
Yes, it is predictable, formulaic stuff. But it comes alive through the quality of the writing. To start with the characters are every bit as vibrant and entertaining as those in Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats (or the musical, if you prefer). Alongside Majicou and Tag we have the brave, thoughtful if occasionally rather pompous Ragnar. There is the timid ethereal beauty, Pertelot, and poor, mad vivisected Cy. Not forgetting Sealink, the calico queen from New Orleans who oozes confidence and cheeky charm, and Marsebref ("he said 'Mousebreath', hon, he always talks funny like that") her sulky but determined and ferocious cockney beau.
It may not be true, as some cat lovers claim, that cats have more personality than people, but it is certainly true that the cats in a Gabriel King book have far more personality than the people in any number of blockbuster fantasy trilogies. You can always tell when the characterisation in a book is really good, because you start casting the movie as you read. You will do that with The Wild Road, no question.
The mythic side too is very well done. King knows precisely how to invoke the right atmosphere, and also has a talent for amusing twists of history. Threaded throughout the book are excerpts from the history of cats, including the truth about the Great Fire of London. The revelation of the true identity of The Alchemist is particularly cheeky, not to mention apposite for a mythic fantasy book.
And then of course the book is about cats, not people. They think differently, and they have different standards. King knows this, and presents the felines as convincingly alien whilst still cute enough to satisfy the mass market.
All in all, The Wild Road is a thoroughly wonderful book, and I would have been stunned had I not known who had written it. I have the second book in the series, The Golden Cat, and a third novel is due out this month. You can expect to hear me purring contentedly over King's writing for some time to come.
Having very much enjoyed A College of Magics I have kept an eye out for new books by Caroline Stevermer. I have had to wait quite a while, but when I spotted When the King Comes Home on bookshelves in California I figured that we were in for something special. It was a fantasy book, and it was small.
Yes, I know I have complained in recent issues about a couple of fantasy books that were too short. But this was something different. This looked like a book that was deliberately short, and therefore, especially given the time taken to write it, one that had been exquisitely crafted. I also noted that it is edited by Delia Sherman and has a rave cover blurb from Ellen Kushner. A Wiscon book, then, and probably one with excellent characterisation.
As you can see, I approached this book with high expectations. I suppose that, as a result, it was inevitable that I should be a bit disappointed, but there is much about the book that is very good indeed. To start with, it deals with an excellent fantasy issue: the promised return of a legendary king.
When Good King Julian was alive the people of Lidia were well pleased with his rule. When he died in far away Vienna things went bad, and people started to talk about how much better life would be when the Austrians finally returned his body. Now, 200 years later, "when the King comes home" has taken on more of an air of the unreasonably expected miracle. When the King comes home, rivers will flow with milk, and small boys will willingly wash behind their ears. And as we all know, one of the world's great curses is, "may all your wishes come true".
Of course, he does come back, not through the agency of the divine, but through necromancy. And the second really good thing about the book is how well it captures the horror that the revenant feels for his situation. It isn't just being brought back from the dead, and not knowing what it means to be both dead and alive. There is also the question of what lies posterity has made of your life and works, and having to live with being a legend.
To begin with I found the book rather disjointed. I kept wondering why the characters were not doing what I would regard as the normal, sensible thing given the situation. Then I realised that this was not some supposedly realistic fantasy that I was reading, it was a dream. In fact it was one of those dreams in which you take a step back from the action and ponder about the strangeness of it all. It made for a very unusual atmosphere which, I think, must have taken quite a bit of effort to achieve.
That was all of the good stuff. The bad point, for me, was the heroine, Hail Rosamer. I found her insufferably arrogant, totally devoid of manners or common sense, and quite the least likeable heroine I have found in a novel in a long time. Which is very sad, because it spoiled what was otherwise a very beautiful book, and a masterful demonstration of what fantasy should be like. With any luck, you won't take so badly to Hail as I did. Give it a try, and let me know how it turned out.
OK, now I am going to do something very bad. I am going to review a book that I don't think you will be able to buy. Parts of it were published as short stories in Interzone, but the whole thing is available only from a small press company in Wales and my copy says on it that the print run was limited to 300 copies. If you really want to get hold of it, ask me, and I will see what I can do for you.
The premise of Year Zero is quite simple. It being that year between the media-inspired False Millennium and the actual one, the year which all computers think is 00 rather than 2000, strange things will happen. Elvis will be seen in Sainsburys supermarket. UFOs will step up their campaign of abductions and scientific tests on mankind. Tentacled beings from the dawn of time will finally get round to checking out whether their little experiment of putting intelligent life on Earth actually worked. And the Hierarchy of Hell will move into a tower block in London. Armageddon, it seems, is just around the corner. The only question is who will get us first?
Now that might sound a bit Pratchett-esque, but it isn't the sainted Terry. It is, in fact, Brian Stableford, and consequently the humour is much more dry and black. It is funny, but it is also serious in places.
One of my favourite incidents occurs shortly after the heroine, Molly, learns that her eldest daughter has absconded from the home of her cloyingly straight-laced and protective foster parents, the Jarvises. Molly has just moved into a tower block in London and has discovered that her neighbours have a distinctly demonic cast to them. Whilst chatting over a cup of coffee, they happen to mention to her that their master absconded from Heaven. Molly links the two cases, and understands totally why Satan had to get out.
Oh, and I should of course mention the famous Woking Incident of 1897. If only I had known about it during the Roswell Worldcon bid.
Now a book like this requires a very special kind of heroine. It requires someone who is capable of taking anything that life can throw at her and bouncing back. It requires someone who is capable of dealing with the British Social Security system and maintaining her sanity. Molly is just that sort of person. An ex-prostitute, ex-drug addict, ex-prisoner and mental hospital inmate, she is perfectly suited to being abducted by Greys, Men-in-Black, mad scientists, the Queen of Faerie and Satan, and coming away relatively unscathed. The Jarvises would have lost it the moment that they discovered that Elvis really was still alive, but Molly can take anything and survive. Truly, she is a heroine of our times.
And let us not forget, dear people, that by the time you get this copy of Emerald City the end of Year Zero will be mere weeks away. All that fuss at the end of last year was merely a smokescreen put up by agents of the Antichrist to fool you into thinking that the moment of danger had passed. It hasn't. The End is nigh. Have you noticed anyone whistling Heartbreak Hotel in your local grocery store, or seen mysterious bright lights in the sky at night? Say thank you to kind Mr. Stableford for reminding you of how to count to 2000, and make sure you have plenty of supplies in for New Year. You might have to learn to be as resilient as Molly. Things may never be the same again.
On the far side of the Atlantic Millennium fever takes a distinctly evangelical tone. In Soulsaver James Stevens-Acre has cheekily assumed that someone got their sums wrong by 100 years in order to be able to apply a little science fiction and create a world that truly deserves to be destroyed in apocalyptic flames.
By 2099 the tiny island of Puerto Rico has become the 52nd state of the USA and, thanks in a large part to continual exhortations to be fruitful and multiply, its population has expanded to Brunner-esque proportions. Not that this worries anyone, for the people of Christian America are fed a constant diet of television shows reminding them of how lucky they are to be living under God's Rule and how essential it is to report the slightest sign of heresy to the authorities. They are even given the opportunity to obtain genuine authentic reproduction classic model Plastic Jesuses, free, for only a small donation to Church coffers. Stick one on the dashboard of your car and you Shall be Saved!
It is a wonderful world. WGOD radio plays 24-hour gospel music, and Jimmy Divine performs miracles daily on his prime time TV show. Sadly some poor sinners just can't see when they are well off. They are seduced by Satan and wickedly attempt the mortal sin of suicide. Thank God for heroes like Juan Bautista Lorca and his colleagues in the Suicide Prevention Corps of America. If he can get to the sinners fast enough the bodies can be frozen, taken to appropriate medical facilities, and revived. No one should have to go to Hell, and besides, the miscreants should be tried for their crimes.
I suspect by now that you can see where this is going (and if not this is a spoiler warning). Sooner or later the grim reality of his job is going to teach Juan Bautista things that would never be mentioned in Sunday School. Besides, the Millennium approaches, and there is a rumour on the street that Jesus has returned to reiterate His message of love. Naturally the Church authorities will be doing everything in their power to stop Him. Juan Bautista's job is easy. He just has to decide who really is speaking for God.
And there, I am afraid, it all falls apart. Jim does a fine job of setting his hero up for a fall. He does an equally fine job of painting a world in which anyone with half a brain cell could work out which side has the moral high ground. But Juan is not allowed to make that decision. He decides against his masters, not on his own account, but on the basis of signs and miracles. In effect, he opts for the side with the more powerful Ju-Ju.
Because of the horrific nature of Juan's world it is easy to miss just how wrong Jim's resolution of the story is. After all, the good guys win, don't they? Well sure they do, but only by applying the same sort of tactics that made the bad guys possible in the first place. In the real world there are no miracles, there are just people like Jimmy Divine who pretend that there are, and who claim to speak for some old bearded guy on a cloud who will smite us with righteous anger unless we do as we are told. Expecting miracles to save us from that isn't the way.
Last issue I talked about Philip Pullman's His Dark Materials and his wish for a real revolution in theology. He wants to get rid of God, and replace the Kingdom of Heaven with a Republic. Jim's heart is in the right place. He can see that what we have now is bad. But he goes no further than replacing one ruler with another. His revolution is just Bonaparte for Bourbons. It doesn't work, and it never will. Unless we can stand on our own two feet and work out what is right and wrong for ourselves we will always be vulnerable to people who claim to be in touch with some external source of righteousness.
Sorry people. Getting back to the review, this is a highly entertaining book. It might even do some good. There are, after all, a lot of people in the world today, especially in the US, who are scarily like Juan was at the start of the book. For them Jim's message of reform within Christianity may be a valuable first step.
I should also point out that Jim did not intend the ending to be taken literally. He tells me that it is just a metaphor for Juan's growing awareness of moral issues. That should be fine. Myths are metaphors, after all. Unfortunately the type religion he is attacking is also one that demands that all its metaphors be regarded as literal truth. In that context what he has done simply doesn't work.
What we are left with is a neat SF story with echoes of John Brunner and Sheri Tepper but with a cop-out finale that approaches Tepper's Shadow's End for silliness. Good book, good message, shame about the ending.
Last month I made brief mention of the fact that I was moving all of my travel writing to a different web site. I thought it might be useful to tell you all a bit more about this. Not that travel and SF have much in common, unless you spend a lot of time going to conventions, but I'm hoping that a few of you might be interested.
IgoUGo.com is a collaborative exercise in travel writing. The idea is that people who love to travel sign up with the site and write Journals about their experiences. Other members then read those journals, both for information and to rate them. Members who publish lots of journals and get good ratings get freebies (most importantly for me, frequent flier points).
The weird thing about the site is that whilst anyone can look at it, only members can rate it. Now there's nothing to stop you just signing up so that you can rate stuff. It doesn't matter if you never write any journals. But the site makes it seem as if only people who write journals are supposed to rate them. It seems a bit strange. Not everyone who likes to travel would want to write, and the site gets the email address of everyone who signs up, so you would have thought that they would encourage everyone to participate. They don't, but you can anyway.
I'm aiming to put up one journal a month, probably equally spaced between Emerald City releases. So far I have done a piece about San José, including reviews of the Winchester Mystery House and the Rosicrucian Egyptian Museum. There's also a review of the Chicago Worldcon aimed at non-fannish folks. As you might expect, both contain quite a few restaurant reviews. Just click here and see what you think.
Forthcoming Journals will feature Brighton, Melbourne, various parts of Somerset and anywhere else I get the excuse to go. As and when I get back to California I am intending to do a journal about Yerba Buena Gardens (the place in San Francisco where we would have had the 2002 Worldcon if we could have got the right hotel space) and a "San Jose for Worldcon attendees" piece. I'll announce each Journal in Emerald City as they are released.
I had a couple of questions from people about the Amazon links on the web site. One thing that isn't immediately obvious is that you don't have to buy the books I review in order to help Emerald City. I get more money for the specific items I recommend, especially if they are top-selling new releases, but I get paid for everything. So, if you need to buy a book from Amazon, any book, just go to the Emerald City site first and click through on one of the Amazon logos on the home page. Amazon will register that you have come from Emerald City, and any books that you buy will earn me commission. It won't cost you any more, and it will help keep the 'zine running. Right now, all help is gratefully received.
Another email that came in as a result of last issue reminded me that the Mormons do not believe in Original Sin. I'm not going to get into a debate about whether the Mormons are Christians or not, but they do have a lot in common and I'm pleased to give them credit where it is due.
Some of you have made kind comments about the new Hugo Award section of the web site. However, I note that only one person has offered recommendations beyond what was already there last issue (and that, sadly, was for something that is not eligible). This is a bit worrying. Does it mean that none of you actually read SF? Do you think that none of what is published is worthy of a Hugo? Do you think that the Hugos are a waste of time and should be scrapped? None of those are particularly encouraging ideas. Talk to me people! 2000 is almost over, so I need to put nomination suggestions together for next issue.
An article by me will be appearing in the December issue of LineOne's SF newsletter. It is now online so check out the web site and go to the 5th Column section. Please note that this is a column in which writers are supposed to let off steam. So I did. Many thanks to editor Anne Gay for taking my piece.
A couple of issues back I mentioned that I was expecting the Phantastes web site to be getting back under way again soon. Staci had written to me saying that she was working on getting an issue out for October. It is now mid December and there is still no sign of it. Sadly I think I'm going to have to give up on that one, which is a shame because it had some good stuff on it.
Next issue I should have the promised new book by Tom Arden and Jan Siegel, plus the long awaited Perdido Street Station by China Miéville. See you in the next Millennium (assuming the world is still here).
Body And Soul Shoe Store In is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Men S Adidas Gazelle Sport Pack Casual Shoes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Nike Gray Casual Shoes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Shoe Repair In Gilbert Or Mesa is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Asian Games gold medallist Swapna Barman to get customized footwear from adidas for her 6-toed feet November 6, 2018
Principal Secretary, Excise and Forest and Environment Dept., UP, Kalpana Awasthi visited Ghaziabad Nagar Nigam (GNN) headquarters in Ghaziabad today where she saw the working of each department and thereafter took stock of development tasks. Senior officials of administration and GNN including DM Ritu Maheshwari and Municipal Commissioner, Chandra Prakash Singh accompanied her. Awasthi passed necessary instructions on […]
The Global Cooling Prize, an international competition to incentivize the development of a residential cooling technology that will have at least five times (5x) less climate impact than the standard Room Air Conditioning (RAC) was announced at the inaugural session of the two-day Global Cooling Innovation Summit in New Delhi today. The prize is supported […]
A team of Indirapuram Police Station arrested 2 auto drivers namely Mansur and Atabul for their hand in an accidental death of a retired IB officer RN Chakravarti, who went missing on Nov. 2 and whose dead body was found on November 4 near Vaishali Sector 6 overbridge, below the Elevated Road. The body bore […]
Indirapuram Police Station arrested 3 notorious autolifters & snatchers from Makanpur area and seized one Santro car, 5 scooties, 3 bikes, pistol, knife and mobile. They are namely Ritik, Nonu and Nitin. According to ASP/CO Indirapuram, Ravi Kumar the autolifters are youths who have stepped into the world of crime for quick money. The trio […]
BJP leader and Union Minister Ananth Kumar, 59, passed away in Bangalore in wee hours of Monday. He was keeping ill for some time and was in ventilator support, according to a news report. Ananth Kumar was an MP from Bangalore South. In a tweet PM Modi said, “Ananth Kumar Ji was an able administrator, […]
Sant Kabir Nagar Traffic Police and ARTO in a joint operation levied a penalty of Rs 25,000 on erring motorists and others who were found to be violating traffic rules. Several persons were found riding & driving without driving license, helmet and not carrying insurance papers. –By Staff Reporter
In wake of severe air pollution levels existing since the past several days DM Ghaziabad Ritu Maheshwari has issued an advisory to schools not to conduct any outdoor physical activity and assembly till the pollution levels subside. The DM has tweeted a message advising for the same. –delhincrnews.in reporter
In the wake of Chatth Puja MP Ghaziabad Gen. VK Singh (retd) carried out an inspection of the Chatth Ghats set up temporarily by the Ghaziabad Nagar Nigam and the facilities thereof. The MP found the Ghats in order and expressed satisfaction over the facilities. He also instructed all present to see that the facilities […]
Ganga Water supply to Noida and Vasundhara Zone of Ghaziabad through Upper Ganga Canal is stuck at Dasna due to low supply of water from Haridwar and hence this water supply has been diverted to river Hindon for Chatth Puja by Irrigation Dept., as due to low pressure of water it could not reach Pratap […]
in biology, the unit of structure and function of which all plants and animals are composed. The cell is the smallest unit in the living organism that is capable of integrating the essential life processes. There are many unicellular organisms, e.g., bacteriabacteria
[pl. of bacterium], microscopic unicellular prokaryotic organisms characterized by the lack of a membrane-bound nucleus and membrane-bound organelles. Once considered a part of the plant kingdom, bacteria were eventually placed in a separate kingdom, Monera.
, informal term for the unicellular heterotrophs of the kingdom Protista. Protozoans comprise a large, diverse assortment of microscopic or near-microscopic organisms that live as single cells or in simple colonies and that show no differentiation into tissues.
..... Click the link for more information. , in which the single cell performs all life functions. In higher organisms, a division of labor has evolved in which groups of cells have differentiated into specialized tissuestissue,
in biology, aggregation of cells that are similar in form and function and the intercellular substances produced by them. The fundamental tissues in animals are epithelial, nerve, connective, and muscle tissue; blood and lymph are commonly classed separately as vascular
..... Click the link for more information. , which in turn are grouped into organs and organ systems.
Cells can be separated into two major groups—prokaryotes, cells whose DNA is not segregated within a well-defined nucleus surrounded by a membranous nuclear envelope, and eukaryoteseukaryote
, a cell or organism composed of cells that have a membrane-bound nucleus and organelles (mitochondria, chloroplasts; see cell, in biology) and genetic material organized in chromosomes in which the DNA is combined with histone proteins.
..... Click the link for more information. ) are prokaryotes. They are smaller in size and simpler in internal structure than eukaryotes and are believed to have evolved much earlier (see evolutionevolution,
concept that embodies the belief that existing animals and plants developed by a process of gradual, continuous change from previously existing forms. This theory, also known as descent with modification, constitutes organic evolution.
the structural unit of inheritance in living organisms. A gene is, in essence, a segment of DNA that has a particular purpose, i.e., that codes for (contains the chemical information necessary for the creation of) a specific enzyme or other protein.
any of a group of organic substances found in the chromosomes of living cells and viruses that play a central role in the storage and replication of hereditary information and in the expression of this information through protein synthesis.
any of the group of highly complex organic compounds found in all living cells and comprising the most abundant class of all biological molecules. Protein comprises approximately 50% of cellular dry weight.
..... Click the link for more information. as their main structural material; they synthesize proteins in the cell's ribosomes using the information encoded in the DNA and mobilized by means of RNA; they use adenosine triphosphateadenosine triphosphate
(ATP) , organic compound composed of adenine, the sugar ribose, and three phosphate groups. ATP serves as the major energy source within the cell to drive a number of biological processes such as photosynthesis, muscle contraction, and the synthesis of
..... Click the link for more information. as the means of transferring energy for the cell's internal processes; and they are enclosed by a cell membrane, composed of proteins and a double layer of lipidlipids,
a broad class of organic products found in living systems. Most are insoluble in water but soluble in nonpolar solvents. The definition excludes the mineral oils and other petroleum products obtained from fossil material.
..... Click the link for more information. molecules, that controls the flow of materials into and out of the cell.
In a eukaryotic cell's nucleus the DNA, along with certain proteins, is arranged in long, thin threads called chromatin fibers that coil into bodies called chromosomeschromosome
, structural carrier of hereditary characteristics, found in the nucleus of every cell and so named for its readiness to absorb dyes. The term chromosome
, process of nuclear division in a living cell by which the number of chromosomes is reduced to half the original number. Meiosis occurs only in the process of gametogenesis, i.e., when the gametes, or sex cells (ovum and sperm), are being formed.
..... Click the link for more information. . The nucleus also contains one or more nucleoli (sing., nucleolus) that participate in the production on the RNA of ribosomes. The portion of the cell outside the nucleus, called the cytoplasm, contains several additional cell structures (often called organelles). Among the important organelles that may be present are the ribosomes; the endoplasmic reticulum, a highly convoluted system of membranes believed to be continuous with the nuclear envelope and responsible for transporting certain newly made proteins; the mitochondria, which are present in nearly all eukaryotic cells and extract energy by breaking down the chemical bonds in molecules of complex nutrients during respiration and perform other functions; the chloroplasts, which are present only in green plants and convert energy from sunlight by the process of photosynthesisphotosynthesis
, process in which green plants, algae, and cyanobacteria utilize the energy of sunlight to manufacture carbohydrates from carbon dioxide and water in the presence of chlorophyll. Some of the plants that lack chlorophyll, e.g.
..... Click the link for more information. ; lysosomes, which contain digestive enzymes; peroxisomes, which contain a number of specialized enzymes; the centrosomes, which function during cell division; the Golgi apparatus, which functions in the synthesis, storage, and secretion of various cellular products; filaments and microtubules that form a sort of skeletal system known as a cytoskeleton and also participate in movement of cells and organelles; vacuoles containing food in various stages of digestion (see endocytosisendocytosis
, in biology, process by which substances are taken into the cell. When the cell membrane comes into contact with a suitable food, a portion of the cell cytoplasm surges forward to meet and surround the material and a depression forms within the cell wall.
..... Click the link for more information. ); and inert granules and crystals. In plant cells there is, in addition to the cell membrane, a thickened cell wall, usually composed chiefly of cellulosecellulose,
chief constituent of the cell walls of plants. Chemically, it is a carbohydrate that is a high molecular weight polysaccharide. Raw cotton is composed of 91% pure cellulose; other important natural sources are flax, hemp, jute, straw, and wood.
Because almost all cells are microscopic, knowledge of the component cell parts increased proportionately to the development of the microscopemicroscope,
A magnifying glass, an ordinary double convex lens having a short focal length, is a simple microscope. The reading lens and hand lens are instruments of this type.
..... Click the link for more information. and other specialized instruments and of allied experimental techniques. Among those who contributed to early knowledge of cells through their use of the microscope were Antony van LeeuwenhoekLeeuwenhoek, Antony van
, 1632–1723, Dutch student of natural history and maker of microscopes, b. Delft. His use of lenses in examining cloth as a draper's apprentice probably led to his interest in lens making.
, 1635–1703, English physicist, mathematician, and inventor. He became curator of experiments for the Royal Society (1662), professor of geometry at Gresham College (1665), and city surveyor of London after the great 1666 fire.
, 1628–94, Italian anatomist. A pioneer in the use of the microscope, he made many valuable observations on the structure of plants and animals.
, 1804–81, German botanist. He was professor at the universities of Jena (1839–63) and Dorpat (1863–64). With Theodor Schwann, he is credited with establishing the foundations of the cell theory.
, 1810–82, German physiologist and histologist. He was a student of J. P. Müller and professor at the universities of Louvain (1838–48) and Liège (from 1848).
..... Click the link for more information. developed what is now known as the cell theory. The theory was widely promoted after the pronouncement by Rudolf Virchow in 1855 that "omnis cellulae e cellula" [All cells arise from cells]. The study of cell structure came to be called cytology and that of tissues histology. In the 20th cent. appreciation of the biochemistry of the cell has flourished, along with a better understanding of its structure; cell biology now integrates both chemical and structural information.
science concerned chiefly with the chemistry of biological processes; it attempts to utilize the tools and concepts of chemistry, particularly organic and physical chemistry, for elucidation of the living system.
device that converts chemical energy into electrical energy, consisting of a group of electric cells that are connected to act as a source of direct current.
Cells can be separated into prokaryotic and eukaryotic categories. Eukaryotic cells contain a nucleus. They comprise protists (single-celled organisms), fungi, plants, and animals, and are generally 5–100 micrometers in linear dimension. Prokaryotic cells contain no nucleus, are relatively small (1–10 μm in diameter), and have a simple internal structure. They include two classes of bacteria: eubacteria (including photosynthetic organisms, or cyanobacteria), which are common bacteria inhabiting soil, water, and larger organisms; and archaebacteria, which grow under unusual conditions. See Eukaryotae, Prokaryotae
All eubacteria have an inner (plasma) membrane which serves as a semipermeable barrier allowing small nonpolar and polar molecules such as oxygen, carbon dioxide, and glycerol to diffuse across (down their concentration gradients), but does not allow the diffusion of larger polar molecules (sugars, amino acids, and so on) or inorganic ions such as Na+, K+, Cl-, Ca2+ (sodium, potassium, chlorine, calcium). The plasma membrane, which is a lipid bilayer, utilizes transmembrane transporter and channel proteins to facilitate the movement of these molecules. Eubacteria can be further separated into two classes based on their ability to retain the dye crystal violet. Gram-positive cells retain the dye; their cell surface includes the inner plasma membrane and a cell wall composed of multiple layers of peptidoglycan. Gram-negative bacteria are surrounded by two membranes: the inner (plasma) membrane and an outer membrane that allows the passage of molecules of less than 1000 molecular weight through porin protein channels. Between the inner and outer membranes is the peptidoglycan-rich cell wall and the periplasmic space. See Cell permeability
Many bacteria are able to move from place to place, or are motile. Their motility is based on a helical flagellum composed of interwoven protein called flagellin. The flagellum is attached to the cell surface through a basal body, and propels the bacteria through an aqueous environment by rotating like the propeller on a motor boat. The motor is reversible, allowing the bacteria to move toward chemoattractants and away from chemorepellants.
In a light microscopic view of a eukaryotic cell, a plasma membrane can be seen which defines the outer boundaries of the cell, surrounding the cell's protoplasm or contents. The protoplasm includes the nucleus, where the cell's DNA is compartmentalized, and the remaining contents of the cell (the cytoplasm). The eukaryotic cell's organelles include the nucleus, mitochondria, endoplasmic reticulum, Golgi apparatus, lysosomes, peroxisomes, cytoskeleton, and plasma membrane (Fig. 1). The organelles occupy approximately half the total volume of the cytoplasm. The remaining compartment of cytoplasm (minus organelles) is referred to as the cytosol or cytoplasmic ground substance. Eukaryotic cells also differ from prokaryotic cells in having a cytoskeleton that gives the cell its shape, its capacity to move, and its ability to transport organelles and vesicles from one part of the cell cytoplasm to another. Eukaryotic cells are generally larger than prokaryotic cells and therefore require a cytoskeleton and membrane skeleton to maintain their shape, which is related to their functions.
Eukaryotic cells contain a large amount of DNA (about a thousandfold more than bacterial cells), only approximately 1% of which encodes protein. The remaining DNA is structural (involved in DNA packaging) or regulatory (helping to switch on and off genes).
The plasma membrane serves as a selective permeability barrier between a cell's environment and cytoplasm. The fundamental structure of plasma membranes (as well as organelle membranes) is the lipid bilayer, formed due to the tendency of amphipathic phospholipids to bury their hydrophobic fatty acid tails away from water. Human and animal cell plasma membranes contain a varied composition of phospholipids, cholesterol, and glycolipids. See Cell membranes
The cytoskeleton is involved in establishing cell shape, polarity, and motility, and in directing the movement of organelles within the cell. The cytoskeleton includes microfilaments, microtubules, intermediate filaments, and the two-dimensional membrane skeleton that lines the cytoplasmic surface of cell membranes. See Cytoskeleton
One of the most prominent organelles within a eukaryotic cell is the nucleus. The nuclear compartment is separated from the rest of the cell by a specialized membrane complex built from two distinct lipid bilayers, referred to as the nuclear envelope. However, the interior of the nucleus maintains contact with the cell's cytoplasm via nuclear pores. The primary function of the nucleus is to house the genetic apparatus of the cell; this genetic machinery is composed of DNA (arranged in linear units called chromosomes), RNA, and proteins. Nuclear proteins aid in the performance of nuclear functions and include polypeptides that have a direct role in the regulation of gene function and those that give structure to the genetic material. See Cell nucleus
The endoplasmic reticulum is composed of membrane-enclosed flattened sacs or cisternae. The enclosed compartment is called the lumen. The endoplasmic reticulum is morphologically separated into rough (RER) and smooth (SER). PER is studded with ribosomes and SER is not. RER is the site of protein synthesis, while lipids are synthesized in both RER and SER. See Endoplasmic reticulum
The final posttranslational modifications of proteins and glycolipids occur within a series of flattened membranous sacs called the Golgi apparatus. Vesicles which bud from the endoplasmic reticulum fuse with a specialized region of the cis Golgi compartment called the cis Golgi network. In the trans Golgi network, proteins and lipids are sorted into transport vesicles destined for lysosomes, the plasma membrane, or secretion. See Golgi apparatus
Lysosomes are membrane-bound organelles with a luminal pH of 5.0, filled with acid hydrolyses. Lysosomes are responsible for degrading materials brought into the cell by endocytosis or phagocytosis, or autophagocytosis of spent cellular material. See Endocytosis, Lysosome
The mitochondrion contains a double membrane: the outer membrane, which contains a channel-forming protein named porin, and an inner membrane, which contains multiple infolds called cristae. The inner membrane, which contains the protein complexes responsible for electron transport and oxidative phosphorylation, is folded into numerous cristae that increase the surface area per volume of this membrane. The transfer of electrons from nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NADH) or flavin adenine dinucleotide (FADH2) down the electron transfer chain to oxygen causes protons to be pumped out of the mitochondrial matrix into the intermembrane space. The resulting proton motive force drives the conversion of ADP plus inorganic orthophosphate (Pi) to ATP by the enzyme ATP synthetase. See Mitochondria
Within the peroxisome, hydrogen atoms are removed from organic substrates and hydrogen peroxide is formed. The enzyme catalase can then utilize the hydrogen peroxide to oxidize substrates such as alcohols, formaldehydes, and formic acid in detoxifying reactions. See Peroxisome
Plant cells are distinguished from other eukaryotic cells by various features. Outside their plasma membrane, plant cells have an extremely rigid cell wall. This cell wall is composed of cellulose and other polymers and is distinct in composition from the cell walls found in fungi or bacterial cells. The plant cell wall expands during cell growth, and a new cell wall partition is created between the two daughter cells during cell division. Similar cell walls are not observed in animal cells (Fig. 2).
Most plant cells contain membrane-encapsulated vacuoles as major components of their cytoplasm. These vacuoles contain water, sucrose, ions, nitrogen-containing compounds formed by nitrogen fixation, and waste products.
Chloroplasts are the other major organelle in plant cells that is not found in other eukaryotic cells. Like mitochondria, they are constantly in motion within the cytoplasm. One of the pigments found in chloroplasts is chlorophyll, which is the molecule that absorbs light and gives the green coloration to the chloroplast. Chloroplasts, like mitochondria, have an outer and inner membrane. Within the matrix of the chloroplast there is an intricate internal membrane system. The internal membranes are made up of flattened interconnected vesicles that take on a disc-like structure (thylakoid vesicles). The thylakoid vesicles are stacked to form structures called grana, which are separated by a space called the stroma. Within the stroma, carbon dioxide (CO2) fixation occurs, in which carbon dioxide is converted to various intermediates during the production of sugars. Chlorophyll is found within the thylakoid vesicles; it absorbs light and, with the involvement of other pigments and enzymes, generates ATP during photosynthesis. See Plant cell
(mirror cell) The enclosure that holds the primary mirror in a reflecting telescope. It must hold the mirror so that the collimation of the optical elements is maintained as the direction of observation changes. It must also support the mirror so that it does not sag to an unacceptable degree under its own weight. Without carefully designed support over the whole rear face the mirror of the 5-meter Hale telescope would sag by 0.0625 mm, which is about 500 times the allowable quarter wave limit. The cell is usually provided with a closure or lid that protects the optical surface when the telescope is not in use.
A small compartment, such as a room in a dormitory, but especially a confined study-bedroom allotted to a monk or nun in a monastery.
an elementary living system capable of independent existence and self-replication and development; the basis of the structure and life processes of all animals and plants.
Cells exist both as independent organisms (protozoans) and as component elements of multicellular organisms (tissue cells). The term “cell” was proposed by the English microscopist R. Hooke in 1665. The cell is the object of study of a special branch of biology called cytology. Systematic study of the cell did not begin until the 19th century; one of the most important scientific generalizations of that time was the cell theory, which asserted the structural unity of all living things. The study of life at the cellular level is the basis of contemporary biological research.
The structure and functions of each cell show certain characteristics common to all cells, reflecting a common origin from primary organic complexes. The specific features of various cells are the result of specialization in the process of evolution. All cells similarly regulate metabolism, duplicate and use hereditary material, and acquire and utilize energy. At the same time, various unicellular organisms (amoebas, infusorians) differ sharply in terms of size, shape, and behavior. No less diverse are the cells of multicellular organisms. For example, in man, lymphoid cells are small (about 10 microns in diameter) and rounded and participate in immunological reactions, whereas some nerve cells have appendages more than a meter long and perform the body’s basic regulatory functions.
Research methods. The first cytological method was the use of microscopy with living cells. Present-day variants of light microscopy, such as phase-contrast, luminescent, and interference microscopy, make it possible to study the shape of the cell, the general structure of some of its elements, the movement of cells, and cell division. The details of cell structure can be revealed only after special contrasting, which is achieved by staining the killed cell.
A new stage in the study of cell structure is the use of the electron microscope, which has the advantage of considerably greater resolution of cell structures than the light microscope. The chemical composition of the cell is studied by cytochemical and histochemical methods, making it possible to reveal the localization and concentration of various substances in cellular structures, the intensity of synthesis of these substances, and the movement of the substances within the cell. Cytophysiological methods make it possible to study certain functions of the cell, such as excitation and secretion.
General properties. Every cell has two principal parts—the nucleus and the cytoplasm. Within each of these it is possible to distinguish certain substructures, which differ in shape, size, internal structure, chemical properties, and function. Some of these, called organoids, are vital to the cell and in fact are found in all cells. Others are the products of cell activity and represent temporary formations. The segregation of various biochemical functions takes place by means of these specialized structures, facilitating the accomplishment within the same cell of diverse processes, including the synthesis and decomposition of many substances.
Genetic information on the structure of the proteins characteristic of an organism of a particular species is stored in DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid), the principal component of nuclear organoids called chromosomes. Another, most important property of DNA is its capacity for self-replication, which ensures both the stability of the hereditary information and its continuity— that is, its transmission to succeeding generations.
Ribonucleic acids, the immediate participants in protein synthesis, are synthesized on limited sections of the DNA molecule (embracing several genes), which act as templates. The transcription of the DNA code is accomplished by the synthesis of messenger RNA (m-RNA). Protein synthesis is, in effect, a reading of information from the RNA template. This process, called translation, involves the participation of transfer RNA (t-RNA) and special organoids, called ribosomes, that are formed in the nucleolus. The size of the nucleolus is a function chiefly of the cell’s ribosome requirement; the nucleolus is, therefore, especially large in a cell that intensively synthesizes proteins. Protein synthesis, the end result of chromosome function, occurs mainly in the cytoplasm.
In the final analysis, proteins (comprising enzymes, components of cell structures, and the regulators of various processes, including transcription itself) determine all aspects of cell life, permitting the cell to preserve its individuality despite its constantly changing surroundings. Whereas the bacterial cell may synthesize about 1,000 different proteins, almost every human cell synthesizes more than 10,000. Thus, the diversity of intracellular processes increases substantially in the course of evolution.
The sheath surrounding the nucleus, which separates the nuclear content from the cytoplasm, actually consists of two membranes, both of which are perforated by pores—specialized areas for the transport of certain compounds from the nucleus into the cytoplasm and vice versa. Other substances pass through the membranes by means of diffusion or active transport, the latter process requiring the expenditure of energy.
Many processes occur in the cytoplasm with the participation of the membranes of the endoplasmic reticulum (the principal synthesizing system of the cell), the Golgi apparatus, and the mitochondria. The differences in the membranes of various organoids are determined by the properties of the proteins and lipids that form them. Ribosomes are attached to some of the membranes of the endoplasmic reticulum. These are the site of intensive protein synthesis. This type of granular endoplasmic reticulum is especially well developed in secretory cells or in cells that intensively renew proteins, such as human liver cells, pancreas cells, and nerves. Other biological membranes that are lacking in ribosomes (smooth reticulum) are made up in part of enzymes that participate in the synthesis of carbohydrate-protein and lipid complexes. The products of cell activity may accumulate temporarily in the canals of the endoplasmic reticulum; in some cells the substances are actually transported through these canals.
Before being carried out of the cell, substances are concentrated in the lamellar Golgi apparatus, which isolates various cell inclusions, such as secretory or pigment granules, and in which lysosomes are formed (sacs containing hydrolytic enzymes and participating in the intracellular digestion of many substances). The system of canals, vacuoles, and sacs, all surrounded by membranes, acts as an integrated unit; the endoplasmic reticulum can, without interruption, connect to the membranes surrounding the nucleus, unite with the cytoplasmic membrane, and form the Golgi complex. However, these connections are not stable. Often (in many cells, usually), the various membranous structures are discrete and exchange substances through the hyaloplasm.
Cell energetics depends to a large extent on the work of the mitochondria. The number of mitochondria varies in different types of cells from dozens to several thousand. For example, there are about 2,000 mitochondria in the human liver cell, and their total volume is no less than one-fifth the volume of the cell. The outer membrane of the mitochondrion separates it from the cytoplasm. The basic energy conversions of substances occur on the inner membrane. A result of these conversions is the formation of a compound rich in energy—adenosine triphosphoric acid (ATP)—the universal carrier of energy in the cell. Mitochondria contain DNA and are capable of self-replication. However, the autonomy of the mitochondria is relative: their reproduction and activities depend on the nucleus. Various syntheses, the transport and excretion of substances, mechanical work, and the regulation of processes in the cell are performed using the energy of ATP.
Certain structures that look like tiny (submicroscopic) tubules participate in cell division and, sometimes, in cell movement. The assembling and functioning of such structures depend on the centrioles. The spindle, operative in cell division, is organized with the participation of the centriole. The spindle, in turn, participates in the translocation of chromosomes and the orientation of the axis of cell division. The basal bodies, derivatives of the centrioles, are necessary for the construction and normal functioning of flagella and cilia, locomotor and sensory formations of the cell whose structure is the same in protozoans and various metazoan cells.
The cell is separated from the extracellular medium by the plasma membrane, through which ions and molecules enter the cell and are excreted from it. The ratio of the cell’s surface to its volume decreases as cell volume increases; the larger the cell, the more difficult are its connections with the external medium. The size of a cell, therefore, is necessarily limited.
Active ion transfer, which requires the expenditure of energy and requires special enzymes and, possibly, carrier agents, is characteristic of living cells. Because of the active and selective transfer of certain ions into the cell and the continuous removal of others from it, a difference is created between the ion concentration within the cell and that of the surrounding medium. This effect may be caused by the bonding of ions with cell components. Many ions are necessary as activators of intracellular syntheses and as stabilizers of the structure of the organoids. Reversible changes in the ratio of the ions within the cell to those in the medium are the basis of the cell’s bioelectric activity—one of the most important factors in the transmission of signals from one cell to another.
The plasma membrane, by forming invaginations which then close up and break off as bubbles within the cell, is capable of capturing solutions of large molecules (pinocytosis) or even certain particles with diameters to several microns (phagocytosis). It is in this way that some cells are nourished, that some substances are transferred through the cells, and that bacteria are captured by phagocytes. The cohesive forces that in many cases keep cells close to one another (for example, the integuments of the body or internal organs) are also associated with the properties of the plasma membrane. Cellular cohesion and intercommunication are ensured by the chemical interactions of the membranes and by special structures of the membrane called desmosomes.
The structural scheme of cell, discussed in its general form, is characteristic in its basic features of both animal cells and plant cells. However, there are essential differences in the characteristics of the metabolism and structure of plant cells and animal cells.
Plant cells. As a rule, the plasma membranes of plant cells are covered with a rigid outer sheath (possibly absent only in the germ cells) consisting in the majority of plants mainly of polysaccharides: cellulose, pectic substances, hemicelluloses, and, in fungi and some algae, chitin. These cell walls are supplied with pores through which, by means of cytoplasmic outgrowths, neighboring cells can communicate with one another. The composition and structure of the wall change with the growth and development of the cell. In cells that have ceased growing, the envelope often becomes impregnated with lignin, silica, or other toughening matter.
The cell walls determine the mechanical properties of the plant. The cells of certain plant tissues have especially thick and sturdy walls that retain their skeletal functions even after the death of the cell (wood). Differentiated plant cells have several vacuoles or a single central vacuole that usually occupies the greater part of the cell’s volume. The vacuoles contain a solution of various salts, carbohydrates, organic acids, alkaloids, amino acids, and proteins, as well as a reserve of water. Nutritive substances may also be deposited in the vacuoles. The cytoplasm of plant cells contains special organoids, or plastids, including leucoplasts (in which starch is often deposited), chloroplasts (containing predominantly chlorophyll and responsible for photosynthesis), and chromoplasts (containing carotenoid pigments). Both plastids and mitochondria are capable of self-replication. The Golgi apparatus in plant cells is represented by dictyosomes, which are dispersed throughout the cytoplasm.
Unicellular organisms. The structure and functions of unicellular organisms, or protozoans, combine the features characteristic of any cell with features of independent organisms. Thus, protozoans have the same set of organoids as do the cells of metazoans, the ultrastructure of their organoids is identical, and typical chromosomes are found when protozoans divide. However, the adaptation of protozoans to a variety of modes of life (aquatic or terrestrial, free-living or parasitic) has made for considerable diversity in their structure and physiology. Many protozoans, such as flagellates and infusorians, have a complex motor apparatus and organelles associated with the capture of food and digestion. The study of protozoans is of great interest in uncovering the phylogenetic possibilities of the cell, since evolutionary changes in the organism occur on the cellular level.
Unlike protozoans and the cells of metazoans, bacteria, blue-green algae, and actinomycetes do not have a formed nucleus and chromosomes. Their genetic apparatus, called a nucleoid, is represented by threads of DNA and is not enclosed in a membrane. Even more different from the cells of metazoans and protozoans are the viruses, in which the basic enzymes necessary for metabolism are absent. For this reason viruses can grow and reproduce only by penetrating other cells and making use of their enzyme systems.
Special functions. During the course of metazoan evolution there arose a division of functions between cells, which in turn led to a broadening of the adaptive possibilities of animals and plants to changing environmental conditions. The genetically fixed differences in the shape, size, and aspects of the metabolism of cells are realized during the process of individual development. The principal manifestation of development is cell differentiation—the structural and functional specialization of the cell. Differentiated cells have the same set of chromosomes as the fertilized egg cell; this is proved by the fact that after the nucleus of a differentiated cell is transplanted into an egg cell from which the nucleus has been removed, a complete organism is able to develop. Thus, the differences between differentiated cells are apparently determined by various interrelationships between active and inactive genes, each of which codes the biosynthesis of a particular protein.
Judging by the composition of these proteins, only a small proportion (about 10 percent) of the genes characteristic of the cells of a given species are active (that is, capable of transcription) in differentiated cells. Of these genes, only a few are responsible for the specialized function of the cell, while the rest provide for general cellular functions. For example, in muscle cells, genes are active that code the structure of contractile proteins, and in erythroid cells, genes are active that code the biosynthesis of hemoglobin. However, in every cell the genes that determine the biosynthesis of the substances and structures necessary to all cells, such as the enzymes that participate in energy conversions, must also be active. In the process of cell specialization, certain general cellular functions may develop especially strongly. For example, in gland cells, synthetic activity is most strongly expressed; muscle cells are the most contractile; nerve cells are the most excitable. Narrowly specialized cells contain structures that are peculiar to themselves (for example, in animals, the myofibrils of muscles, the tonofibrils and cilia of certain integumentary cells, and the neurofibrils of nerve cells; in protozoans or the spermatozoa of metazoans, flagella). Sometimes specialization is accompanied by the loss of certain properties (for example, nerve cells lose their capacity to reproduce; the mature cell nuclei of mammalian intestinal epithelium cannot synthesize RNA; the mature erythrocytes of mammals lack nuclei).
The performance of functions important to the organism sometimes includes the death of the cell. Thus, cells of the epidermis gradually cornify and die but remain for some time in a thin layer protecting the underlying tissues from damage and infection. Cells in the sebaceous glands gradually turn into drops of fat, which is then either utilized by the body or excreted.
Noncellular structures are also formed by the cell in order to perform certain tissue functions. The principal means of their formation are secretion or the transformation of cytoplasmic components. For example, a large proportion of the volume of subcutaneous tissue, cartilage, and bone is interstitial matter— a derivative of connective-tissue cells. Blood cells are found in a fluid medium (blood plasma) that contains proteins, sugars, and other substances produced by various cells of the body. Epithelial cells, which form a sheet, are surrounded by a thin interlayer of diffusely distributed substances. Chief among these are glycoproteins (so-called cement, or supramembranal component). The outer coverings of arthropods and the shells of mollusks are also products of cellular secretion.The interaction of specialized cells is a necessary condition for the life of the organism and often for the cells themselves. Deprived of communication with one another (for example, in culture), cells rapidly lose their characteristic features of specialized function.
Cell division. The basis of the cell’s capacity to reproduce itself is the unique property of DNA to copy itself and the strictly equal division of the reproduced chromosomes in the process of mitosis. The result of division is the formation of two cells that are identical to the original in genetic properties and contain both nucleus and cytoplasm. The processes of chromosomal self-replication and division, formation of two nuclei, and cytoplasmic division are distributed over time; in sum, they constitute the mitotic cycle of the cell. If the cell begins to prepare for the next division immediately after dividing, the mitotic cycle coincides with the life cycle of the cell. However, in many cases, after division (and sometimes before it) the cell emerges from the mitotic cycle, becomes differentiated, and fulfills some special function in the body. The contents of such cells may be renewed at the expense of the divisions of only slightly differentiated cells. In some tissues, differentiated cells too are capable of repeatedly entering the mitotic cycle. In nerve tissue, differentiated cells do not divide; many of them live throughout the life of the whole organism (that is, in man, several decades). Nevertheless, the nuclei of the nerve cells do not lose their capacity for division; transplanted into the cytoplasm of cancerous cells, they synthesize DNA and divide. Experiments with hybrid cells show the influence of the cytoplasm on the manifestation of nuclear functions.
Imperfect preparation for division prevents mitosis or distorts its course. Thus, in some cases, cytoplasmic division fails to take place and a binuclear cell is formed. The outcome of repeated nuclear divisions in a nondividing cell is the appearance of multinuclear cells or complex supracellular structures, or symplasts (for example, in striated muscle). Sometimes reproduction of the cell is limited to reproduction of the chromosomes, and a polyploid cell forms with a double set (compared to the parent cell) of chromosomes. Polyploidy leads to the intensification of synthetic activity and to an increase in the size and mass of the cell.
Cell renewal. In order to work properly over an extended period, every cell must have its worn-out structures restored and the externally induced damages to it eliminated. The restorative processes characteristic of all cells are associated with changes in the permeability of the plasma membrane and are accompanied by the intensification of intracellular synthesis (most importantly, of proteins). In many tissues, stimulation of the renewal processes leads to reproduction of the genetic apparatus and division of the cell; this is characteristic, for instance, of the integuments or the hemopoietic system. The processes of intracellular renewal in these tissues are weakly expressed, and their cells live a comparatively short time (for example, cells of the intestinal integument of mammals live only a few days). Intracellular renewal processes attain their maximum expression in nondividing or slowly dividing cell populations, such as nerves. The indicator of the perfection of the internal renewal processes of the cell is the cell’s life-span; for many nerve cells this coincides with the life-span of the organism itself.
Mutations. The process of DNA replication usually occurs without deviation and the genetic code remains constant, ensuring the synthesis of the same set of proteins in an enormous number of cell generations. However, in rare instances, mutation may occur—that is, a change in part of the structure of the gene. The ultimate effect of mutation is a change in the properties of the proteins coded by the mutant genes. If important enzyme systems are affected, the properties of the cell (sometimes of the entire organism) may be changed substantially. For example, mutuation of one of the genes controlling hemoglobin synthesis leads to anemia, a serious condition. Natural selection of useful mutations, on the other hand, is an important mechanism of evolution.
Regulation of cell function. The principal regulatory mechanism of the intracellular processes is associated with various influences on enzymes. Enzymes are highly specific catalysts of biochemical reactions. Regulation may be directly genetic, the composition of the enzymes or the quantity of a given enzyme in the cell being predetermined. In the case of enzyme quantity, regulation may also occur on the level of translation. Another type of regulation is influence on the enzyme itself, as a result of which the enzyme’s activity may be either inhibited or stimulated. Regulation on the structural level influences the assembly of cellular structures (membranes, ribosomes, and so forth). More concrete regulators of intracellular processes include nervous influences, hormones, special substances produced within the cell or by surrounding cells (especially proteins), or the products of the intracellular reactions themselves. In this last case, the effect is accomplished by a feedback principle in which the product of a reaction influences the activity of the enzyme that is the catalyst of the initial reaction. Other regulatory mechanisms include the transport of precursors and ions, influences on template synthesis (RNA, polysomes, synthesis enzymes), and alteration of the form of a regulated enzyme.
The organization and regulation of cell function on the molecular level determine such properties of living systems as spatial compactness and economy of energy. An important property of multicellular organisms—reliability—depends in great part on the number (interchangeability) of cells of each functional type and on the possibility of their replacement through cellular reproduction and renewal of the components of each cell.
In medicine, changes can be induced in the cell to treat and prevent various diseases. Many medicinal substances change the activity of certain cells. Narcotics, tranquilizers, and analgesics lower the intensity of neural activity; stimulants increase it. Some substances stimulate contraction of the muscle cells of the blood vessels. Others stimulate a similar reaction in the muscles of the uterus or heart. Dividing cells can be affected by radiation or cytostatic substances (blocking cell division). Immunization stimulates the activity of the lymphoid cells, which manufacture antibodies against foreign proteins, and thereby prevents a number of diseases.
a living area in a monastery. Most of the Russian monasteries permitted the construction of a personal cell for each monk or nun. As a result, monks from rich families had comfortable, spacious cells.
The microscopic functional and structural unit of all living organisms, consisting of a nucleus, cytoplasm, and a limiting membrane.
A manufacturing unit consisting of a group of work stations and their interconnecting materials-transport mechanisms and storage buffers.
One of a set of elementary regions in a heterogeneous reactor, all of which have the same geometrical form and the same neutron characteristics.
6. In electrical batteries, a single voltage-producing component used in series with other similar components to provide the desired output voltage.
1. Biology the basic structural and functional unit of living organisms. It consists of a nucleus, containing the genetic material, surrounded by the cytoplasm in which are mitochondria, lysosomes, ribosomes, and other organelles. All cells are bounded by a cell membrane; plant cells have an outer cell wall in addition
3. a device for converting chemical energy into electrical energy, usually consisting of a container with two electrodes immersed in an electrolyte
6. a small group of persons operating as a nucleus of a larger political, religious, or other organization
In a spreadsheet, the intersection of a row a column and a sheet, the smallest addressable unit of data. A cell contains either a constant value or a formula that is used to calculate a value. The cell has a format that determines how to display the value. A cell can be part of a range. A cell is usually referred to by its column (labelled by one or more letters from the sequence A, B, ..., Z, AA, AB, ..., AZ, BA, BB, ..., BZ, ... ) and its row number counting up from one, e.g. cell B3 is in the second column across and the third row down. A cell also belongs to a particular sheet, e.g. "Sheet 1".
The 2 Faced Theatre Company have a core of three main tutors - one for each of the three disciplines. These individuals have been carefully chosen on the merit of their extensive training and experience. Such professionals have the unique ability to create the perfect union between discipline, respect and fun. We feel these qualities are essential when working with creative youngsters. All staff have been CRB checked to create a safe environment for everyone involved.
Each month there will be a unique opportunity for students to meet and learn from West End Performers. Spending the day at the school these professionals will be on hand to teach workshops, provide insight and offer helpful advice to each individual student throughout the three hour session. What better way for a child to be taught a routine from a professional production than from a member of that professional cast?
We believe that providing our students with the chance to perform on a regular basis forms a vital part of their development as performers. At the end of each term the students will perform in a spectacular musical performance. There will be two shows in the academic year with the second production being staged at one of Manchester’s top theatres. Leading casting professionals will be invited to attend.
Here at The 2 faced Theatre Company we believe it is extremely important to offer praise and encouragement to all of our pupils. Teachers will nominate pupils for a series of special awards. These will be presented at our Annual Awards Night and will mark any outstanding achievements that our pupils have impressed us with during the year. The Awards Night will provide the perfect excuse to get staff, parents and pupils together in celebration of talent and achievement.
At the end of these monthly master classes there will be a question and answer session. Students will be offered the opportunity to ask the performers anything they wish about their experiences within the industry. Following the Q&A session there will be a performance from the professional.
Although I’ve liked the sound of Hansen Audio speakers in the past, I was absolutely blown away by the stunning Grand Master. This $239k loudspeaker, driven by some expensive amplification from Tenor and a dCS Scarlatti front end, was absolutely magnificent on a wide range of music. I listened to my own music for more than 45 minutes, reluctant to give up the listening seat. The Grand Master had gorgeous rendering of timbre that was simultaneously lush, liquid, and highly resolved. The soundstaging was huge and beautifully defined. But it was the Grand Master’s complete sense of ease and composure during loud and complex passages that was its greatest achievement. The Grand Master appears to be a major accomplishment.
There was some controversy over the Magico Q5, perhaps because it sounded different on different days. I heard it early in the show and again on the last afternoon, when it was much improved. The Q5 was unbelievably detailed, dynamic, and clean. The sound had a sense of precision that some interpreted as clinical. I did hear, however, an extremely realistic and intimate rendering of Sonny Rollins’ sax from The Tape Project’s release of Saxophone Colossus.
The Wilson MAXX 3 driven by Lamm’s new LL1 Signature preamplifier and ML3 power amplifiers electronics was gorgeous—the best I’ve heard this speaker sound.
Perhaps not by coincidence, I heard four great sounds from four different Marten speakers in four different rooms—Vitus Audio, EAR, Engstrom, and Cary. In the Cary room, the Marten Coltrane was driven by a Cary SLP 05 preamp and CAD 211 Founder’s Edition monoblock amplifiers with a Cary CD 303T CD player at the front end. In a sea of hi-fi sound, the Cary room was pure music.
Four of my five best sounds at the show were systems costing upward of $150k. The fifth cost $12k. That system was the diminutive sphere-shaped speakers and DSP crossover from Kubotek called the HSP1C07. It produced an extraordinarily realistic impression of live music. I don’t know how this system fares on a variety of music, but on voice and piano it was magical.
The Holm Acoustics DSP room correction system appears to be the most advanced and sophisticated system of its type. The DSPre1 (starting at $7850) can be configured for single amplifiers, bi-amping, or tri-amping with the DSPre1’s DSP crossovers.
The dissolution of traditional product categories and the emergence of new multi-function products. These new products combine legacy technologies with advanced capabilities. The Electrocompaniet Maestro is a good example—a single box that offers Blu-ray playback, FM, Internet radio, iPod interface, wireless streaming, D/A conversion, and a three-channel integrated amplifier.
Holm Acoustics has been working behind the scenes for six years on their DSP correction system and has finally come to market. The products appeared to be fully realized rather than the work-in-progress impression one often gets from high-technology software-intensive products. The DSPre1 system sounded wonderful in the two rooms in which I heard it.
For longtime Robert Wyatt fans, an album recorded with a string quartet (led by British violinist Ros Stephen), acoustic bass, and miscellaneous reeds (played by UK jazzer Gilad Atzmon) should come as no surprise. But those who haven’t kept up with the ethereal-voiced godfather of Canterbury prog-rock since his Soft Machine days might be caught off guard to hear him crooning (and whistling) such standards as “Laura,” “Round Midnight,” “Lush Life,” “What’s New,” and “What a Wonderful World.” This is no retro- sentimental Rod Stewart move. Rather, the 65-year-old Wyatt invests every ounce of his trademark wistfulness in each tune, including a few of his own, while the other players swath his fragile voice in smart arrangements. Taut blends of bittersweet strings, saxophones, clarinets, trumpet, piano, drums, electronics, and bandoneon are all subtly captured and parsed between speakers in a meticulous mix. Most of the album qualifies as lean chamber jazz. But led by “Where Are They Now”—which features Arabic hip-hop vocalist Shadia Mansour in a virtual meeting of Moondog, the Bonzo Dog Band, and Mocean Worker—the artfulness of the arrangements and effects (overdubbed vocals, bird tweets, radio broadcast crackles), is consonant with Wyatt’s experimental history.
فَأَرْسَلْنَا عَلَيْهِمْ رِيحًا صَرْصَرًا فِي أَيَّامٍ نَّحِسَاتٍ لِّنُذِيقَهُمْ عَذَابَ الْخِزْيِ فِي الْحَيَاةِ الدُّنْيَا ۖ وَلَعَذَابُ الْآخِرَةِ أَخْزَىٰ ۖ وَهُمْ لَا يُنصَرُونَ
No Copyright Notice: Copy freely. Modify freely. Distribute freely. Develop a mirror. Develop multiple mirrors. Incorporate it into your website. Make corrections. Distribute the zip file on file sharing networks. Create pdf files that are easy to print and distribute them. Make an eBook. Insert audio clips into the text. Develop a software program for the iPhone. Use your imagination. You have more than our permission, you have our encouragement. No restrictions to spread words of Allah.
* It doesn't make sense, from a technological standpoint, for Aperture to have such amazing technology back in the 1950s.
* It doesn't make sense, from a technological standpoint, for Aperture to have such amazing technology back in the 1950s, even surpassing that of what they have in the first game.
* The physics for the portal gun being able to hit the moon, though fitting with the story, seems implausible.
Portal 2 is a first-person shooter puzzle game developed and published by Valve and released in 2011 for Macintosh and Windows and then ported to other platforms. Like the first game, you play the mute character Chell who ends up having to go through all sorts of portal testing sequences devised by GLaDOS.
It's nice to learn more about the origin of GLaDOS and Doug Rattmann, and Wesley and Cave Johnson are both fantastic new characters.
The new mechanics including the surface paint, rebound and acceleration gel, water, light bridges, and gravity tubes are all really clever and fun additions.
It doesn't make sense, from a technological standpoint, for Aperture to have such amazing technology back in the 1950s, even surpassing that of what they have in the first game.
The physics for the portal gun being able to hit the moon, though fitting with the story, seems implausible.
Some of the achievements are oddly made, and they missed the boat to award one in the stage where the emancipation grid is broken, and it's possible, though difficult, to bring a companion cube through.
Maunz' und Wuffsguter Tagvon Timo Parvela / ab 3 Jahrenim TheatertreffWieviel Streit verträgt eine Freundschaft? Und wie können ganz unterschiedliche Charaktere zusammenfinden? An einem Regentag langweilt sich die Katzendiva Maunz furchtbar und findet Wuffs penetrant gute Laune ziemlich nervig: In allem sieht dieser treudoofe Hund das Gute! Mit immer neuen Einfällen versucht sie, ihn aus der Reserve zu locken, doch nichts klappt. Die beiden geraten in einen handfesten Streit, der ihre Freundschaft auf eine empfindliche Probe stellt. Doch am Ende finden sie zu einem gemeinsamen Ziel: Flügel bauen und als erste fliegende Tiere mit vier Pfoten in die Geschichte eingehen!Timo Parvela zeigt in seiner Tierparabel wie Kinder mit gegensätzlichen Eigenschaften gemeinsam die Welt erobern können.Timo Parvela (*1964) schreibt für Erwachsene und Kinder und wurde für seine Kinderbücher, die in über 20 Sprachen übersetzt wurden, vielfach ausgezeichnet. Seit 1996 arbeitet er als freier Autor. In Finnland ist er der unbestrittene Star der Kinderliteratur und auch in Deutschland sind seine Bücher rund um die Grundschülerin Ella, wie „Ella in der Schule“ oder „Ella auf Klassenfahrt“, sehr beliebt.
1.(Rav Chama bar Chanina): The verse discusses Yocheved, who was conceived on the journey to Mitzrayim, and born between the walls (when they entered Mitzrayim. The above verse discusses Amram remarrying her. Six months later she gave birth to Moshe, who was 80 years old at the time of Yetzi'as Mitzrayim, 210 years after Bnei Yisrael entered Mitzrayim. It follows that she was 130 years old when she remarried.)
i."Asher Yoldah Osah l'Levi b'Mitzrayim" - Yocheved was born in Mitzrayim, but she was not conceived there.
(b)Answer (Rav Yehudah bar Zvida): Signs of youth returned to her. Her skin became smooth, even the wrinkles. Her original beauty returned.
(c)Question: Why does it say "va'Yikach"? It should say "he returned"! (Amram remarried her, after separating from her.)
(d)Answer (Rav Yehudah bar Zvida): He acted like one who marries. He sat her in a bride's chair. Aharon and Miryam danced in front of her, and angels said "Em ha'Banim Semechah".
(a)When the Torah discusses Tzelafchad's daughters marrying, it lists them in order of their age. Here (when they asked for an inheritance), it lists them according to their Chachmah!
1.(R. Ami): In matters of Torah, we give priority to the greatest Chacham. At a banquet, first priority is to the oldest.
(c)Rejection (of the support for R. Ami - Beraisa - Tana d'Vei R. Yishmael): "Va'Tihyenah (they were)" - Tzelafchad's daughters were equal in Chachmah. (This is why they are listed in different orders.)
(d)(Rav Yehudah): Tzelafchad's daughters were allowed to marry to any tribe - "la'Tov b'Eineihem Tihyenah l'Nashim."
1.Question: If it mentions the fathers (who stood on Har Sinai), why must it mention the children (generations to come)? If it mentions the children, why must it mention the fathers?
2.Answer: It must say both, because some Mitzvos apply only to the fathers, and others apply only to the children.
i.It says about the fathers "v'Chol Bas Yoreshes Nachalah" (any daughter who inherits will marry a man of her tribe. This does not apply to the children);
ii.Many Mitzvos apply to the children that did not apply to the fathers (i.e. Mitzvos of Eretz Yisrael).
3.(Summation of Rabah's question): This shows that a daughter (of that generation) who inherited was commanded to marry within her tribe!
(i)Question: The Beraisa says that "v'Chol Bas Yoreshes Nachalah (will marry a man of her tribe)" applied only to the fathers. How do we learn this from the verse?
(k)Question (Rabah Zuti): Regarding slaughtering Korbanos outside the Mikdash, it also says "Zeh ha'Davar." Did this only apply to that generation?!
(m)Question (Rabah Zuti): Regarding annulment of vows, it also says "Zeh ha'Davar." Did this only apply to that generation?!
(o)Question: If so, we should also learn "Zeh-Zeh" to a daughter who inherits (that it applies to all generations)!
(p)Answer: If so, there would be no need to say "Zeh ha'Davar" at all! (We normally assume that any Mitzvah applies to all generations.)
(b)Answer (Beraisa): It says "Zeh ha'Davar" here (regarding vows), and also there (regarding slaughtering outside the Mikdash)l
4.Answer (Rav Sheshes): One who made something Hekdesh can retract this (if he regrets it, just like one can retract a vow).
5.Question: According to Beis Shamai, one cannot retract Hekdesh. What do they learn from "Zeh ha'Davar" said regarding slaughtering outside the Mikdash?
ii.Beis Hillel say, it is not. (We retract Hekdesh by showing that it was a mistake. According to Beis Shamai, in any case it is Hekdesh!)
6.Answer: One is liable only for slaughtering (Korbanos outside the Mikdash), but not for Melikah (cutting a bird's neck with the fingernail).
8.Answer: A Chacham permits vows (retroactively, through regret of the one who vowed), but a husband cannot. A husband annuls vows (from now and onwards, without regret), but a Chacham cannot.
“Thanks a lot for all of your help on these projects. You guys have done a great job for us, and we really appreciate your flexibility.”
Estimates: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Marketing: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Accounting: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
In many homes today, their primary source of protection from electrical accidents and injuries, is dangerously worn out.
In many cases these outdated breaker panels can lead to unwarranted electrical shock, electrical fires, and even serious injury.
The purpose of your breaker panel is to prevent larger amounts of current traveling from the street to any break or compromise in your homes electrical system.
A tell tale sign of a needed panel change is if your breakers are not staying on under normal usage. This means that a breaker is tripping even though you are not using more than its listed amperage.
If your breaker panel is experiencing nuisance tripping, there is a good chance that you might be in need of a panel change.
D & A Electric's has years of experience providing our clients with the best in panel changes and breaker panel upgrades.
There are some types of breaker panels that if you find your home has protecting it, you need to call D & A Electric right away.
Some types of panels like Zinsco and some split bus style breaker panels should be replaced on sight.
They are notorious for failing to trip when they are needed to and present a significant safety hazard.
If your home is old enough to have the old fuse style breaker system, not only will your home be safer after a panel change from D & A Electric, but you’ll also save money by having our new style breaker panel installed.
You can stop hunting around for replacement bus’ and fuses that must be replaced every time they trip, and start enjoying the ease of a simple flip to restore power after an incident.
A panel change can substantially increase the value of your home as well. If you are looking to sell your home or buy a new one, the breaker panel is often the first place that you should look. A panel change is often the only thing holding back a sale.
Call a D & A Electric electrician today for all of your panel change and service change upgrade needs at 509-722-6333.
More than an agency, Maeva is a passionate team with the challenge! Expert in Nice wedding organization. Creative and resolutely ambitious, our team consists of designers and event organizers off-peers. Our experience and expertise give your family and professional events a genuine added value. The organization of events can not be improvised.
We are Tatiana Mironova and Nastya Meliskin. We live in Prague and really love all the beautiful things. We decorate celebrations and weddings, make bouquets for various occasions in life and take professional photos. You can order any of our services separately. We speak Russian, English and Czech. Do not hesitate to ask questions and share your ideas via e-mail - ffdecoration.prague@gmail.com. Welcome!
The main determinants of our investment framework are valuations, market trend, economic growth, and Fed policy—all of which we believe to be imperative to proper portfolio construction. Currently, valuations and Fed policy are extremely bearish for US stocks, while market trend and economic growth are bullish. Perhaps more importantly, with Fed policy set to eventually influence economic growth in a negative fashion, we should be watchful for a possible trend change in stocks.
HL Began in 1976 with a vision to manufacture fine jewelry of the highest standards. Our family has carried on that tradition and built a reputation for design and service. All of our collections are manufactured in the United States and overtime, our extended family has grown to include the jewelers we serve.. because in the end that is where our success lies.
At a time when it seemed as if all manufacturing was moving overseas, we kept everything right here in Michigan. We believe "Made in the United States of America" still means something. We think the best approach is to do everything we can to continue manufacturing HL jewelry here in America. This assures us that our products are manufactured under fair labor conditions in a safe and healthy working environment where the rights and dignity of workers are respected.
[quote][i]Originally posted by pot[/i] [br]Not sure I've ever seen Nightmare Before Xmas. I was a huge fan of Trapdoor as a kid though, a spooky themed plasticene model kids show that's long overdue for a reboot. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1feYxwwn0eM [/quote]
TV shows and the like. Just started watching The Returned (Les Revenants), a French Twin Peaksy drama series about a bunch of coach crash victims who return from the dead to their Alpine town. Neither the victims nor the townsfolk know why this has happened. The drama is played completely straight, I think that's why it's so gripping. Two episodes in so far. Denis you been watching?
Hmm, I'd have to say, and these aren't movies I like because of the gore (that isn't really what makes me love a movie), but these are three of my favorite horror films that are also very gross:
I just 100% randomly decided to watch a Matthew Maconaoghy movie called �Gold� on Netflix tonight, and during the climactic scene in the movie I hear Frank yell �Hey,� and sure enough they play most of the song.
My friend and I watched a movie on Netflix called He Never Died. It's from a couple years ago and stars Henry Rollins as a man who appears to be dealing with depression and social isolation, who gets a chance to reconnect with his daughter. It's sort of a horror/comedy/crime thriller with some supernatural elements, and I can't decide if it's so-bad-it's-good or legitimately awesome. Henry Rollins' character is very likable, and although most of the other actors aren't great, they all seem to be having a great time. The story is absolutely nuts in the best way possible, the cinematography and sound design are very artistically done, and the gory special effects are fun without being too gratuitous. It feels like something that would've become a cult classic if it had been released in the 80s or 90s. I highly recommend it as a fun, strange popcorn movie.
I would like to see it if it's not too gory. I love creepy, like scary, but dislike tons of blood and guts.
As a fan of horror movies, if they skimp on the gore I feel ripped off. I want to be shocked and grossed out and see things I'll never forget. Nothing more dull than a TAAAAAAME horror movie!
Laika is a stop-motion animation studio who are doing an incredible job pushing the medium forward. They've released four movies so far with another coming next year. Their first movie, Coraline, is adapted from a Neil Gaiman book- it's gloriously surreal and actually pretty scary. Their other movies have stories that aren't quite as strong, but the amazing animation and quirky humor (Eric Idle was involved with one of them) makes up for it.
I like Studio Ghibli and Hayao Miyazaki a lot as well. Beautiful, nostalgic adventure movies made by one of Japan's greatest animators.
There are a handful of other recent animated projects I've enjoyed too. Disney had a show called Gravity Falls a little while ago that ran for two seasons. It started as standard cartoon fare with a weirdly dark sense of humor; it quickly became much more ambitious, and by the time it ended it was drawing comparisons to David Lynch, specifically Twin Peaks (hell, Kyle MacLachlan voices a character in one episode).
There was also an animated miniseries called Over The Garden Wall that was on Cartoon Network a few years back; it was a very dark, moody, Americana-influenced Halloween show about brothers who get lost deep in the woods and spend the show trying to get home. Really artistically done, and well worth a watch (the whole show is about 2 hours long). It kind of feels like a weird, unsettling dream, but in the best way possible.
Never heard of Laika, but maybe seen something. I generally prefer real TV these days. Loved cartoons and that as a kid (what kid doesn't) but I generally pass on stuff like this these days. Trapdoor is a classic, I've still for the Commodore 64 computer game in my loft as well.
I'll always love Morph though, recently been given a reboot. A plasticene model character created by artist Tony Hart who did a TV show for kids around the late 70's/early 90's called Take Hart. He was a very talented painter/illustrator and used to paint all kinds of stuff on the show (a bit like Rolf Harris but not a child molester).
Morph was so simple and instantly adorable. If you're a fan of stop motion there here's an early 1976 classic.
Nightmare Before Christmas is great. Absolutely stunning animation, a cute, fun story, and very catchy music. And it works for both Halloween and Christmas!
That Trapdoor show looks cool! I'm a big fan of stop motion animation in general- are you familiar with the studio Laika?
I was a huge fan of Trapdoor as a kid though, a spooky themed plasticene model kids show that's long overdue for a reboot.
I saw The Nightmare Before Christmas at a Halloween party the other day. I forgot how charming that movie is. The party was fun too!
I want to see it!! I've heard good buzz from some super harsh film snobs I follow on twitter, so that always gives me a lot of hype for something.
Ash vs Evil Dead, a really fun gross spooky silly show that nobody watched. Up to season 3 (last season, it got canceled.)
The Deuce is incredible in it's second season. Season 1 was good...season 2 is really, really, really good.
I'm a big comic nerd and watch a lot of that stuff: the CW DC Shows (Arrow, Flash, Supergirl, Legends of Tomorrow...Legends right now is way better than the other three), Gotham (LOVE), Agents of SHIELD (started out horrible, has gotten really good, finally), etc, etc. There's too many now though, so I don't watch it all. If you had told me 10 years ago I wouldn't find the time to ever watch shows based on Preacher, Runaways, and Teen Titans, I wouldn't believe you.
Horror movies for October (though I watch them all year round really): From Beyond, Halloween (original), Body Bags, Curse of Chucky, The Thing (Carpenter), hopefully squeeze in one or two more before November 1!
Any fans of Norsemen? Netflix comedy about the vikings. Absolutely wonderful stuff - Orm is the Alan Partridge of the viking world, just delightful.
That sounds awesome. I�m going to have to check it out- sounds like it might be similar to Galavant, which I love.
Think I watched the film version of that a few years ago, A Handmaid's Tale (1990) I think I liked it a lot, but don't remember much about it.
Currently watching 'Penoza' (or 'Black Widow') - Dutch crime TV thriller, think Sopranos but more emphasis on the mother and family.
For those of you who need some deeply depressing dystopian drama to watch, you can't do much better than the Handmaid's Tale.
Season 1 of the new Lost In Space reboot is worth a look, as long as you take it as children's scifi which it is. I was a fan of the original series and used to enjoy watching them after my paper run on summer holidays. I think they couldn't have done a better job re-casting it.
I've booked this one in for another watch. It's a really beautiful film that will touch your soul about a state of mind that I've always been able to relate to, even as a young boy: The will to stay the fuck as far away from people as is humanely possible. Not that I don't like people, but in general people can fuck off out of my face for 90%+ of my existence.
You know, this ridiculous show "Lost in Space" on Netflix is proving to be very watchable. It's just fun, lighthearted Sci-Fi stuff, nothing you haven't seen before, but before you know it you've watched 4 episodes.
I'm binge-rewatching The Good Place in preparation for season 3 starting tomorrow. Easily the best sitcom I've ever seen! I love how well the philosophical themes are worked into the silly hijinks, and all the characters are fantastic.
Something about an alien species invades the solar system in the future and fucks everything up and noone knows what's happening
Basically what Star Trek Disco would love to be but will never come close, just like DS9 ripped off Babylon 5. Lots of Red Dwarf steampunk.
Hard to follow the overall plot but it makes sense, hard to understand what the characters are saying because they have invented new words and accents.
My introduction into the world of Wes Anderson started with a recommendation for The Life Aquatic, so I rented the DVD from a shop in Holland and I'm afraid I just didn't get it.
The Royal Tennenbaums was a bit better, and Moonrise Kingdom was alright too. By I can generally take him or leave him.
Pin Cushion has some of his trademark polished, bells and whistles and the pauses with no dialogue, a little bit. I think Haywood does a smashing job and I'm quite smitten by this and intend to watch it again.
Just watched Pin Cushion, the big film directorial (and writing) debut for the very promising Deborah Haywood.
Got a bit of a Ken Loach feel to it, but more twee. Also leans towards the Wes Anderson style a lot, a British Wes Anderson you might say (but less boring).
Haywood has already collected a load of awards and commendations for her previous short films, and I can only imagine this one will get the same reception.
I absolutely loved it, and the way she directs the actors to perfection. It's a bit weird, a black comedy. It's an art film.
I'm watching the Irish sitcom "Trivia" right now, via the Acorn TV app on my Apple TV. Enjoying it very much. Anyone else seen it?
I watched The Endless last night, it was surprisingly good. So I looked it up on IMDB and it's a Justin Benson/Aaron Moorhead film: the creators of Spring in 2014. They also both star in it as the main characters.
There's a lot of these sci-fi/fantasy/weirdy surreal films going about these days since it's getting easier to make film, so a lot of them are turkeys. Not this one, it's definately worth a watch. Good acting and directing, captivating plot. None of this camera panning around all over the place nonsense. Good, old fashioned cinematic entertainment.
Kind of reminded me in some ways of an Ingmar Bergman, or a David Lynch at times. If you're a Twin Peaks fan I'd say it's got a bit of a weirdness to it like that.
you're on your honeymoon, and you're sending me notes. "i want to 'see' you soon." you got "see" wrapped in quotes.
Variata Dorit Lang GmbH & Co. KG is a manufacturer and developer of custom made special badges for the automotive interior and exterior. In addition to that they deliver customers from the furniture industry.
The variata head office and manufactory is located in Germany, Baden – Württemberg. From there, they supply OEMs from all over the world. Variata are experienced in plating technology, coating technology, casting technology, manual and machine surface treatment. Variata has developed the ELSi recycling technology and already tested the pilot system with real PV modules, holding the appropriate patent.
This project has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No. 701104
Depending on the nature of the case (e.g., medical malpractice, trust/will challenges for lack of capacity or undue influence, etc.), medical testimony is often crucial. The qualification of a physician as an expert is generally within the trial court’s substantial discretion. Ponciroli v. Wyrick, 573 S.W.2d 731, 735 (Mo.Ct.App.1978).
Generally, a practicing physician, even when not a psychiatrist, is qualified to give an opinion as to the mental condition of the person he/she has examined and observed. In re Richard, 655 S.W.2d 110, 113 (Mo.Ct.App.1983). The testimony and opinion may be premised upon the expert’s actual observations or come in the form of hypothetical questions. Id.In addition, medical experts are entitled to base their opinions upon the teachings of medical science and are not limited to expressing opinions only upon subjects with which they are familiar thorough observation and experience. Boring v. Kansas City Life Insurance Co., 274 S.W.2d 233, 238 (Mo.1955).
Unsurprisingly, experts can sometimes disagree and presenting conflicting testimony. One expert may completely refute the other. When this happens, it is generally the role of the judge or jury to weigh which expert is more believable and credible. Davolt v. Highland, 119 S.W.3d 118, 127 (Mo.Ct.App.2003).
The Choice of a lawyer is an important decision and should not be based solely upon advertisements. This website is intended for general information purposes only. It does not provide any legal advice about any specific case or legal matter and shouldnot be considered a substitute for obtaining such legal advice. Your accessing, viewing, use, or response to this website does not create an attorney-client relationship. An attorney-client relationship is created only upon my acceptance of your case, after consultation, and your agreement to retain our services. The Elster Law Office, LLC provides legal services to the cities of St. Louis, Chesterfield, Clayton, St. Charles, Des Peres, Ellisville, Florissant, Frontenac, Glendale, Hazelwood, Maryland Heights, Richmond Heights, Town and Country, Ladue, Kirkwood, Crestwood, Hillsboro, O'Fallon, Rock Hill, Sappington, Shrewsbury, St. Peters, Sunset Hills, Creve Coeur, Bridgeton, Bel-Nor, and to St. Louis County, St. Louis City, St Charles County, and Jefferson County, Missouri.
Join our mailing list and receive updates about new products and special promotions! Simply type your email address below and click "subscribe".
This pattern will make 4 different sizes of tote bags: X-Small, Small, Medium and Large. It is great for carrying just about anything you want to take on the go. It's also great for giving as a gift.
Who doesn’t love ice cream? It’s sweet, delicious and refreshing. Frozen yet creamy. It’s no wonder that Americans consume more than 20 litres (about 42 pints) each a year(!). I love ice cream. I’m the kind of person that would eat ice cream at any time, no matter the weather. You could dunk me into a frozen lake and then ask me if I’d like some ice cream and I’d probably say yes. If I have to die of hypothermia, I might as well do it while eating ice cream. But what is ice cream? What is it made of? And …
How many planets are there in the solar system? If you went to school sometime before 2006 you’re likely to say 9. Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto. However, since then, Pluto has been demoted to “dwarf planet” due to the discovery of several other objects of the same size and composition beyond Neptune. One such object, Eris, is actually bigger than Pluto. If Pluto is a planet so are hundreds of other celestial bodies. Hence the reclassification. Pluto was discovered in 1930, but 100 years or so before, there was another candidate to the planetary club. …
This is not a happy story. This is a sad story. This is the story about a lonely, lonely whale. Under the deep waters of the ocean it’s quite hard to see. It’s really rather dark. Molecules diffuse very slowly in water compared to air, so smell is also quite limited. So whales and other mammals rely on sound. Sound waves propagate much faster in water than in the atmosphere at sea level (4 times as much). Some marine mammals, such as dolphins, use sound for echolocation. They produce a series of high-frequency clicks to get information about their environment, in much …
There is an arms race going on. Farmers are competing to breed the hottest chillies ever, with terrifying names such as Trinidad Moruga Scorpion and Carolina Reaper. Sauce manufacturers are selling more and more potent hot sauces, some of which have to have “not for people with respiratory or heart problems” warnings on the label. It seems as though humanity’s quest for hot, searing pain is never ending. But, why are chillies hot and why do we like them so much? Chilies, or chilli peppers or chile peppers, are the fruits of a plant that originates in South America. Before …
“If I don’t eat something I’m literally going to die,” says your friend. Of course, even if you’re really hungry, in the vast majority of situations you are not literally going to die if you miss a meal (unless you’re diabetic with dangerously low blood sugar). In fact, more and more of us carry around quite a lot of extra energy around our bellies. A spare tire of fuel, if you will. But there is an animal that would die if it wasn’t constantly eating. Hummingbirds are fascinating creatures. Found in the americas, they are some of the smallest birds …
It’s one of those days. You’re inside, reading a good book while drops of rain gently fall, the perfect soundtrack to a lazy day. Or maybe you’re soaking wet under the torrential rains down in Africa (insert Toto reference here). Whatever the case may be, I’m sure that you’re not only feeling or hearing the rain, you are also smelling it. Why does rain smell?
I hear it all the time. X is better than Y because it’s natural. It’s not full of chemicals. It’s herbal. It’s not artificial. You know what else is natural? Cancer. Bacteria. The polio virus. Tsunamis. Mass extinctions. Malaria. Poisons. Natural disasters. How come we give so much faith to nature, when in fact nature does not like us at all? Nature is not nice. Out there in the wilderness only the fittest survive. Are we watching the same documentaries? The ones where the weak gazelle gets eaten by the lion, the ones where animals die of thirst, illness, starvation. …
“In what sounds like a chapter from Journey to the Center of the Earth, the chemical makeup of a tiny, extremely rare gemstone has made researchers think there’s a massive water reservoir hundreds of miles under the earth.” -vice.com In the last couple of days newspapers and other media outlets have reported what they’ve been calling “an ocean deep inside the earth”. “What if the outermost layer of the earth was floating on a boundless sea, bigger than all of the ones present on the surface?”(translation mine) writes Laura Berardi on ilFattoQuotidiano, which is normally quite a decent newspaper (though their …
Apparently, I’m immortal. Because I, for many hundreds of nights, have slept in a room with a fan on. And survived. True story. You might now be wondering if I have gone completely insane (which is not too unlikely). Of course, why would I not have survived. Millions, if not billions, of people sleep with the fan on every night without much consequence. When I was living in a tropical country having those giant ceiling fans on was a basic requirement for being able to get a decent night’s sleep. But, the thing is, in South Korea it is widely …
In the latest bout of bad science reporting publications such as the Guardian, the Daily Telegraph, CNN and a bunch of others have published articles claiming that a new study shows that eating a high protein diet is as bad as smoking. “People who eat diets rich in animal protein carry similar cancer risk to those who smoke 20 cigarettes each day,” The Daily Telegraph As usual, one has to look at the study itself (published in the journal Cell Metabolism) to gather what has actually been discovered. “A diet rich in meat, eggs, milk and cheese could be as …
Join thousands of subscribers! Enter your email address to receive blog posts directly to your inbox!
Since nonprofit businesses such as the people mentioned above often make use of under-served communities, the work explanations of health practitioners and nurses may be drastically not the same as those who work in the personal industry.
Through programs such as the Sun wellness Center for wellness & well-being, our company is training men and women how exactly to simply take much better proper care of on their own and be supporters because of their very own wellness.
Nonprofit businesses play an important role in healthcare within our neighborhood by concentrating sources and supplying solutions to community requires without reference to revenue. Please contemplate us as an invaluable company for providing the general public health insurance and human solution requirements of one's neighborhood, and in case you'd like to give cash, time or any other sources to us, be sure to use the details supplied when you look at the this site on how and the best place to direct your share. Now more than 675 personnel offer assistance to kiddies and their loved ones in many different areas throughout la County.
The nationwide Center for RHW provides an activity by which neighborhood residents can assess their own health methods - an ongoing process leading to increased use and development, and guarantees the presence of, wellness services. The nationwide system for psychological state is present to recommend, teach, and supply expertise and sources for the increased health insurance and wellbeing associated with the Canadian psychological state consumer/survivor neighborhood. Not merely performed the chances of supplying house medical care differ by ownership, however the general distinctions among kinds diverse as time passes. Businesses supplying short-term shelters towards the homeless; includes traveller's help and short-term housing.
For the true purpose of this grant effort, the general public wellness system means tasks done inside the formal construction of federal government additionally the connected efforts of personal and voluntary companies and people” (IOM, 1988)1. Physicians and nurses whom benefit nonprofit companies might also work overseas with standard health insurance and health requirements through programs like Medical practioners Without Borders.
A Loving Spoonful thinks that nobody coping with HELPS/HIV should live with appetite. The division of Health and Human solutions (HHS) has actually granted your final guideline regarding the concept of crucial healthy benefits (EHBs), the dedication of actuarial worth within the person and little team areas, additionally the minimal price (MV) standard for big businesses. As a registered kid's psychological state center, we aid kiddies and people in conquering their particular problems so they may stay happier, healthy and much more effective resides.
In the international frontline of this HELPS epidemic you will discover the Overseas HELPS community (IAS) they truly are the planet's biggest organization of HIV specialists, and express scientists, physicians, plan manufacturers, community wellness officials, and neighborhood professionals from 180 nations. Outpatient solutions and advice in intense psychological state situations; includes suicide prevention and help to sufferers of attack and punishment.
Consortium of Universities for Global Health (CUGH) - A consortium ofk universities and colleges that creates collaborations and change of real information and knowledge among interdisciplinary college international wellness programs working across training, analysis and solution. This business is a not-for-profit basis made up of user companies across Canada specialized in satisfying the requirements of people who have Alzheimer's disease disease and related dementias and their particular caregivers, people and health care professionals. As talked about in the house wellness instance above, for-profits' responsiveness to bonuses is noteworthy for the magnitude and rate of Adderall consumption.
Knowledge is a vital section of wellness, and there are numerous possibilities for experts in order to become taking part in nonprofit medical care training tasks. These businesses ensure general public companies such as the federal government while the news tend to be running properly along with sincerity and stability. For more than two decades, Margaret Frazer home has actually offered ladies with persistent and serious psychological state conditions by supplying 24 time treatment for in-house residents and follow-up aids for females whom transfer to town.
Botanical landscapes, arboreta, horticultural programs and landscape solutions; businesses advertising anti-litter promotions; programs to protect the areas, green rooms and available rooms in metropolitan or outlying places; and town and highway beautification programs. We're a non- profit business that is enthusiastic about assisting globally displaced ladies by taking understanding to your dilemmas of sex physical violence and impoverishment which they face.
People in nonprofit panels are often inspired by an aspire to provide the city plus the private pleasure of volunteering. Typically, the functions of nonprofit businesses and for-profit businesses vary, while the intent behind a nonprofit types the cornerstone of their formal exemption from spending federal taxes. A registered charity that promotes health insurance and wellbeing to communities in establishing nations having restricted access to health care. Businesses offering meals, clothes, protection and solutions to refugees and immigrants.
To enhance health care accessibility, target and eradicate wellness disparities and analyzing conventional wrinkle creams and products, and encourage health duty, by giving comprehensive and high quality main health care bills and preventative wellness solutions into the medically underserved populations inside our communities. Whenever a little but specific band of Sun Citians put down practically 50 years back to carry healthcare with their fledgling neighborhood, they encountered huge hurdles. The concern is actually defined by whether or not the reimbursement is fee-for-service or populace wellness administration.
On the five 12 months duration from 2000 to 2005, 16percent of companies that submitted IRS Form 990s in 2000 neglected to register in 2005. Overseas human liberties and serenity companies: businesses which promote and track human legal rights and serenity globally. They're not susceptible to the brand new wellness legislation mandate to give you first-dollar protection for preventive treatment. It will be the just non-diagnostic particular psychological state consumer/survivor driven business in Canada this is certainly nationwide in range.
IDSA's function is always to improve wellness of an individual, communities, and community by marketing quality in-patient attention, knowledge, analysis, general public wellness, and avoidance concerning infectious conditions.
Community health advertising and wellness knowledge; includes sanitation assessment for prospective side effects, first-aid instruction and solutions and household preparation solutions like Instantly ageless and belly slimming products.
Businesses that really work to stop, anticipate, control and alleviate the consequences of catastrophes, to coach or usually prepare people to deal with the results of catastrophes, or even supply relief to catastrophe victims; contains volunteer fire divisions, life ship services, etc.
Before you be energetic in this neighborhood, you need to be a Connector. As our web site indicates, we're a nonprofit faced with supplying take care of over 2,000 creatures a-year; we come across our part as you of safeguarding and taking care of homeless pets while additionally offering education about looking after animals. But, we do offer information about typical methods and issues plus some wide ranges for several types of companies. The IRS has actually many different sources offered to assist brand-new nonprofit companies make an application for the perfect kind of tax-exempt standing.
Within the 1980's businesses using the senior gotten major support from fundamentals additionally the federal government.
For almost 40 many years, ROUTE happens to be a pioneer in translating strong tips into breakthrough wellness solutions, with a concentrate on kid success, maternal and reproductive wellness, and infectious conditions.
Three kinds of entities—nonprofit, for-profit, and government—own hospitals. Unlike the exclusive industry where in actuality the cost of something or solution must protect all prices, nonprofit companies rarely satisfy each of their prices in relation to product sales and costs. K.E.Y.S A non revenue company to produce renewable African- United states communities with four principles Knowledge,Economics, Youth and help. GuideStar and NCCS have actually produced a national database of data about altruistic businesses in america to improve accessibility and responsibility. While doctors will always sought after, there's also possibilities for medical care supervisors as well as other administrative and development experts.
Please contemplate us as an invaluable company for providing the general public health insurance and human solution requirements of the neighborhood, of course you'd like to give cash, time or any other sources to us, be sure to use the information and knowledge supplied when you look at the this amazing site on how and locations to direct your share. Now more than 675 workers offer help to kiddies and their own families in many different areas of studies development throughout.
United states Bar Association's trained mediators/facilitators and specialists in appropriate areas of psychological state dilemmas and general public protection can be found to engage as speakers during neighborhood conversations about psychological state. From products just like the vaccine vial monitor , which alerts wellness employees whenever a vaccine was harmed by temperature, into the latest technology and methods for getting rid of malaria , our innovations reach huge amounts of individuals all over the world.
Crain's brand new York company set of the 25 biggest medical care nonprofits within the ny location, ranked by total running costs. Its beneficial to observe that one other management in a nonprofit has built the business aided by the president or be his/her handpicked staff. NPA can recognize doctors with psychological state expertise who are able to be involved in or speakers at understanding occasions and neighborhood conversations. All nonprofit professionals will concur, but, it takes cash to boost cash.
The task of a development pro would be to recognize and produce investment proposals for outdoors donors in order to gather economic assistance for the nonprofit business. International Health Technologies Coalition (GHTC) - a team of significantly more than 30 nonprofit businesses trying to boost understanding of the immediate importance of technologies that rescue life into the establishing globe. From 1997 to 2000, as house healthcare became reasonably unprofitable utilizing the utilization of the BBA of 1997, the chances of supplying it dropped a striking 37.5 portion points among for-profit, 7.7 portion things among nonprofit, and 1.5 portion things among federal government hospitals.
A not-for-profit provider of health insurance and personal solutions, offering significantly more than 15 outlines of solution to aid older people, the handicapped and their particular caregivers. This can be used to make people aware of latest innovations in health care like Clenbuterol steroid tratment.
Health problems such as for example diabetic issues, persistent malnutrition, and maternal death tend to be regrettably typical and without great preventative wellness providers several problems get unaddressed. Help nonprofit companies in Delaware, Maryland, nj-new jersey, nyc, and Pennsylvania that really work to ease considerable environmental issues in the watersheds for the Delaware and Susquehanna streams. Inpatient convalescent treatment, domestic attention, also major healthcare solutions; includes domiciles when it comes to frail elderly and nursing facilities when it comes to severely handicapped. HealthyWomen excels in performing nationwide acknowledged general public wellness training promotions.
The Nonprofit Overhead Cost research, a shared task of Urban Institute in addition to target Philanthropy at Indiana University, discovered significant amounts of difference with what businesses think about is fundraising expenses. It's a lot more typical for nonprofit medical practioners and nurses to be involved in house visits, work with cellular centers or serve many walk-in, urgent treatment patients in a nonprofit environment.
The company is operate by as well as for people enduring or who've endured psychological state issues/illness/disability. Present calls to eliminate nonprofit subsidies, frequently created regarding the declare that there aren't any crucial variations among business kinds, should always be denied. Associations of congregations: Associations and auxiliaries of spiritual congregations and businesses promoting and marketing spiritual philosophy, solutions and traditions. Third, trustees should focus on attempts, such as for example lowering readmissions, which have accomplished typical surface between fee-for-service and populace wellness administration. Wellness nonprofits cover a diverse selection of businesses worried about your body or brain.
Fee-for-service reimbursement for costly examinations and procedures (eg, magnetized resonance imaging, orthopedic surgery) provides money when it comes to nonprofit organization to begin brand-new programs, subsidize badly reimbursed solutions (eg, emotional wellness), develop brand-new services, and marketplace solutions to boost amount. Exclusions consist of separate nonprofit businesses because of the next missions: neighborhood, behavioral and ladies' wellness centers and hormonal weight loss program options; hospices; disaster solutions; and bloodstream, muscle and organ finance companies. Some companies have actually included their site and additional details, which will be recommended.
UN Foundation (UNF) - connects the UN's utilize other people all over the world, mobilizing the vitality and expertise of company and non-governmental companies to assist the UN tackle dilemmas including environment modification, kids' wellness, serenity and safety, and impoverishment eradication. Loaves, Fishes & Computers - accumulates and refurbishes donated computers and offers those computer systems as total, working methods to prequalified low-income people, people, nonprofit businesses and schools.
Much more especially, we determined the conditional possibility of business ownership (nonprofit versus for-profit; nonprofit versus federal government, federal government versus for-profit), because of the noticed attributes found in the Probit quotes (the tendency results), produced five subcategories defined because of the projected propensity rating, and predicted the chances of a medical center kind's supplying a site in a provided 12 months, managing when it comes to tendency grouping.
We work closely with orthopaedic surgeons, residents, scientists, nurses along with other medical care experts to help keep Canadians going.
Consortium of Universities for Global Health (CUGH) - A consortium of universities and colleges that develops collaborations and change of real information and knowledge among interdisciplinary college worldwide wellness programs working across training, analysis and solution.
For all native people, Mayan people is the just accessibility point out affordable and high quality healthcare. Animal Friends rescue program - (AFRP) is a nonprofit business specialized in finding great permanent domiciles for abandoned, stray, and abused friend creatures. On Sunday, as an element of their special model of governmental overall performance art, HBO's John Oliver took regarding the methods of health commercial collection agency and highlighted the task associated with nonprofit RIP Medical Debt. The pc Ministry gathers computer systems, refurbishes all of them after which donates the apparatus to non-profit ministries and businesses.
The remote help Center (RAC), the country's leading outlying health insurance and human services information portal,” helps rural communities and outlying stakeholders accessibility the complete variety of programs, money, and study which can be are offered for offering high quality health insurance and human solutions to outlying residents.
Healthcare expenses tend to be a disproportionately large share of all shelling out for social solutions.
ABAN empowers marginalized youthful moms and kids in Ghana through a holistic, residential program that emphasizes a healthier lifestyle, basic training, life abilities, profession planning, mental wellbeing, and ecological understanding. Unlike open-heart surgery, for-profits tend to be not as likely than nonprofits, which often tend to be more unlikely than federal government hospitals, to provide psychiatric crisis treatment (display 3 ? ). An average of from 1988 to 2000, managing for any other traits, 41 per cent of for-profit hospitals provided psychiatric disaster solutions, compared to 48 per cent of nonprofit and 56 % of federal government hospitals.
Medical companies incorporated into Microsoft Wellness tools tend to be ineligible for Microsoft Nonprofit tools, including, however restricted to, hospitals, medical companies, wellness programs, ambulatory/outpatient medical companies, assisted living facilities, your retirement facilities, assisted residing, house health care, and wellness analysis businesses and laboratories.
Since the Canadian frontrunner in supplying reliable, evidence-based informative data on every area regarding the intestinal system, the Gastrointestinal (GI) Society is focused on enhancing the life of men and women with GI and liver problems, promoting analysis, advocating for proper diligent usage of healthcare, and advertising gastrointestinal and liver wellness.
Medical care businesses like hospitals and centers occur to look after men and women inside their period of health need. Much more especially, we determined the conditional likelihood of business ownership (nonprofit versus for-profit; nonprofit versus federal government, federal government versus for-profit), because of the noticed qualities found in the Probit quotes (the tendency ratings), produced five subcategories defined because of the expected propensity rating, and predicted the likelihood of a hospital kind's providing a site in a given 12 months, managing when it comes to tendency grouping.
Consequently, businesses aren't entitled to take part in the Microsoft business citizenship nonprofit offering system whether they have an insurance policy or objective of discrimination in employing, payment, use of instruction or solutions, marketing, cancellation, and/or your retirement centered on competition, shade, intercourse, nationwide beginning, faith, age, impairment, sex identity or phrase, marital condition, maternity, intimate direction, governmental association, union account, or veteran condition.
We accelerate development across five platforms— vaccines , medications , diagnostics , products , and system and solution innovations —that harness our entrepreneurial understanding, systematic and community wellness expertise, and enthusiasm for wellness equity. Businesses registered because of the IRS are meant to inform the IRS if they formally break down. Numerous employees and nonprofit frontrunners talked for the centrality regarding the corporation's goal in aiding recruitment and retention.
A nonprofit leader needs to be a present expert in preparing, marketing and advertising, information administration, telecommunications, home administration, employees, finance, methods design, fundraising and system assessment. Out from the State Honorees, ten National Honorees tend to be chosen to get one more prize of $5,000 in addition to a $5,000 grant for a nonprofit business of these option. They supply those with immediate health, dental care, optometric, and medical solutions through wellness missions that last 3 to 5 times.
Nonetheless, the fee-for-service design is progressively hard to justify as in keeping with a nonprofit medical center's goal and values. Dishes on Wheels owns and runs the Sally Griffin Active residing Center, that offers health and fitness, workout and enrichment courses and tasks to Peninsula residents. Your choice means the 6.4 million folks who are obtaining subsidies within the 34 says which had perhaps not setup unique medical insurance marketplaces may hold those subsidies.
Numerous companies utilize their particular retired employees' skills for episodic work, along with volunteers, donors, board people also to go to occasions. With a mission of sustaining and enhancing the wellness of Arizonans, AzHHA aids its users by giving advocacy, knowledge and solutions. The Canadian Orthopaedic Foundation is Canada's just wellness charity devoted exclusively to assisting individuals maintain and restore their particular bone tissue and shared, or orthopaedic wellness. The only real exclusion for this plan is actually for spiritual companies which can be exempt from laws and regulations that prohibit such discrimination.
Outpatient treatment plan for psychologically sick patients; contains community mental wellness facilities and halfway domiciles. Hacienda medical is a non-profit medical care system providing a variety continuum of look after Arizona's clinically delicate and chronically sick babies, kiddies and teenagers devoted to individuals with real, developmental and intellectual handicaps. The nonprofit may be the option, but only when YOU, the possibility donor—help us away. By mobilizing lovers throughout the world, we simply take development to scale, working alongside nations mainly in Africa and Asia to handle their particular best wellness requirements while using Synedrex or Ephedra.
Natividad healthcare Foundation - the building blocks is dedicated to fund-raising for unique gear and programs that develop accessibility medical care and personal solutions and enhancing the knowing of the superiority and variety of solutions at Natividad infirmary. Since 1985, the Northern Lights Regional wellness Foundation is trying to boost resources for concern health gear and development requirements when it comes to Northern Lights Regional Health Centre in Fort McMurray. Sunlight wellness has actually played a pivotal part in aiding location residents stay not only longer life, but much more healthy and satisfying everyday lives. Some businesses enable older employees to cut back or have actually a phased retirement.
an assisting give is a nonprofit company devoted to helping older grownups in keeping liberty and lifestyle. With chapters nationwide, the March of Dimes actively works to increase the wellness of children by stopping delivery problems, premature beginning and baby death. The remote help Center (RAC), the country's leading outlying health insurance and human services information portal,” helps rural communities and outlying stakeholders accessibility the complete variety of programs, capital, and analysis which are are around for offering high quality health insurance and human solutions to outlying residents.
Our company is a nonprofit business supplying sources for analysis and academic and mental treatment to correct the root causes of discovering difficulties for kids with reading, interest and auditory processing difficulties. We advertise wellness through our different understanding, analysis, academic and medical projects, and strive to better comprehend the reasons, avoidance and handling of heart problems and diabetic issues. Businesses offering money support along with other kinds of direct solutions to people not able to preserve a livelihood. Enter your title and current email address to get unique changes and information from sunlight wellness.
The Griffin Centre provides a selection of receptive neighborhood psychological state solutions to childhood and grownups with complex requirements. Nonprofit hospitals in many cases are the advanced enter regards to managing profit pursuing and providing the indegent through solution alternatives. Community health marketing and wellness knowledge; includes sanitation assessment for prospective side effects, medical instruction and solutions and household preparation solutions.
Much more especially, we determined the conditional likelihood of business ownership (nonprofit versus for-profit; nonprofit versus federal government, federal government versus for-profit), because of the noticed traits found in the Probit quotes (the tendency ratings), produced five subcategories defined because of the predicted propensity rating, and predicted the likelihood of a medical center kind's providing a site in a provided 12 months, managing when it comes to tendency grouping.
The division of Health and Human solutions (HHS) features given one last guideline in the concept of crucial healthy benefits (EHBs), the dedication of actuarial price into the person and little team areas, as well as the minimal price (MV) standard for big companies.
This can be a nonprofit that i'm beginning for underprivileged women to obtain all of them worked up about research, technology, and mathematics jobs.
Created in 2007, HealthTecdl is a statewide distance education system made to help health care professionals and enhance services given by nonprofit wellness companies in Georgia. IF may be the global umbrella business for a network of organizations that help individuals experiencing Hydrocephalus and Spina Bifida. Although we try not to provide directions on which comprises a wholesome or harmful business, NCCS information prove beneficial to calculate different steps of business economic wellness. The alteration Foundation is an Ontario wellness plan think-tank focused on encouraging system integration and high quality enhancement in house and neighborhood treatment. While NCCS researchers finish certain tasks and annually review the range associated with nonprofit industry on a national and condition foundation, we usually try not to develop databases for particular towns.
(1) The views, opinions, contributions and/or contents expressed herein this website are solely those of respective authors and/or contributors exclusively and/or not necessarily of delhiNCRnews.in , and/or not of its affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, and/or assigns.
(2) delhiNCRnews.in exercises due care and/or full caution in collecting the data before publication and/or in spite of this, if any omission, inaccuracy and/or printing errors occur with regard to the data contained in this website, then we will not be held responsible, and/or nor liable for nil damages.
(3) This Disclaimer may be changed from time to time. Any change of Disclaimer will take effect immediately after its initial posting. Howsoever, if this is amended to comply with legal requirements, the amendments will become effective immediately upon their initial posting, and/or as required.
(4) You agree to be bound by any of the changes made to this Disclaimer. Your continued use of the website after the changes take effect will indicate your acceptance of the amended Disclaimer. If you do not agree with the amended Disclaimer, you must avoid any further use of the website.
(1) Only the Jurisdiction of The High Court of Delhi (Delhi High Court) shall pertain to all legal issues whatsoever.
(2) The © (international copyrights) and ®™ (registered trade-mark, including logo-design/word-mark/brand-name) all rights are reserved solely and exclusively with delhiNCRnews.in , Any reproduction of our posts, news, articles, photos, videos and/or any other content, in whole, and/or in part, and/or in any form, and/or medium whatsoever, without express writtern permission of «delhiNCRnews.in» , is strictly prohibited and shall be legally prosecuted as criminal plagiarism and punishable as criminal offence.
(3) Only delhiNCRnews.in has complete lawful ownership of full applicable rights on all content and/or material herein this website.
Indigenous Cow or Desi Cow is considered as a powerful and also a holy source for agriculture. There are festivals which are considered incomplete without the presence of cows or have rituals to be performed using cow-based products. The list includes the famous festivals like Gowardhan Pooja and Pongal.
Cow is considered holy as it provides both food and the livelihood. Millions of farmers across India depend on cow for their income. Apart from supporting the Indian economy to a very large extent, cows also form a significant part of people’s life in rural India.
Food – Cow’s milk forms an important part of daily lives for both rural and urban Indians. It is required in all phases of a human life and is considered healthy for kids and adults, both men and women.
Products from cow’s milk include buttermilk, curd, clear milk which is known as ghee, and even several Indian sweets like peda. These are not just food for consumption but have a high medicinal worth which is further talked about in detail in the below para.
Panchagavya – It refers to 5 cow products namely milk, curd, ghee (go ghrut), cow urine and cow dung (gomay). The mixture of these products is considered as a Holi combination.
This combination is not only used to perform various Indian rituals but also practiced in Ayurveda for medicines. Mixture is prepared using different quantities of the products and with the inclusion of required other products depending upon the patient’s ailment. The medicinal value of the mixture is so high that it has reportedly cured a lot of chronic diseases. The major relief to Indian rural people is that these medicines are available easily at a very reasonable price. One may also find Panchagavya soaps, shampoos and other products used in our day to day life.
It is considered as therapeutic in Ayurveda. It is an accepted fact around the globe that it can cure about 3000 diseases.
It has natural combination of nutrients that cannot be found anywhere. Has unique healing properties and amazing strength building power.
It is one of by-products of cow milk. Thus, consequently completely healthy to consume with amazing health benefits.
Cow ghee is considered fit for consumption. Enhances physical as well mental strength, potency, and keeps muscles and bones healthy
Income Resource – Cattle farming and dairy farming is an important source of income for rural Indians. With the development in dairy farming, even a small farmer now owns about 2-10 cows. Selling cow based products like milk and cow dung cake helps them earn their livelihood. Millions across India make their income primarily by selling other products based on cow’s milk like curd, butter, buttermilk, desi ghee (clear butter) and much more.
Organic farming – Did you know cow based products are useful for organic farming? Well absolutely yes! Cow-based products are the means of a healthy organic farming. Today, with the increased use of chemical fertilizers for farming, the quality of crops has declined.
However, organic farming using cow products not only provide a safe and chemical free food but also helps improve the soil fertility. This way, using cow based organic fertilizers for farming has a number of advantages for both the farmers as well as the final consumer.
Improved standard of living – The introduction to National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) in 1965 caused a massive change in India’s dairy farming. Our country was dependent on foreign countries for our milk requirement at that point of time. The white revolution is also known as operation flood was aimed at encouraging rural people to take up dairy farming.
The income so generated was a bonus for poor village people. This movement not only enhanced the standards of living of rural Indians but also made our country self-sufficient. Today, India is amongst the top milk exporters globally.
That’s not all, the list still goes on. Cow-based organic farming has been proven to improve the quality of air around the crops. Insecticides and chemical fertilizers downgrade the air quality when sprayed, and it very dangerous to humans if inhaled. That is why farmers put mask when spraying these chemical products on the crops. However, that’s not the case with cow based organic products. Also, cow dung is used to paint the walls as they keep the home cooler in summers. Cow dung is also used as fuel to cook food in villages. There are numerous other benefits of cows and cow-based products which are not at all limited to rural Indian people only.
Company Guest House is located in the heart of the city. It offers unparallel access to the entire commercial as well as manufacturing houses. This immaculately furnished guest house has one of the best restaurants and is also equipped with a fitness center. Our main goal is to make sure that you, your family or friends enjoy a hassle-free vacation with superior class experience.
Company Guest House is located in the heart of the city. It offers unparallel access to the entire commercial as well as manufacturing houses.
Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College's goal is to contribute to a better-educated Georgia. To that end, it engages in a comprehensive planning and assessment process, enabling it to build upon its many strengths. The College's faculty, staff, and administration are committed to excellence in preparing students to be informed and productive citizens.
Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College (ABAC) is a residential institution offering baccalaureate degrees in targeted fields, transfer associate degrees, and non-transfer associate degrees. ABAC’s state-wide mission in Agriculture and Natural Resources gives the college a unique identity among USG state colleges, but ABAC is also known for its strong nursing program as well as its traditional associate degrees with transfer pathways in the liberal arts, the natural and physical sciences, mathematics, and the social sciences. With its diverse array of quality programs, an abundance of student organizations, a renowned music program, and a variety of intercollegiate and intramural athletic teams, ABAC provides students with endless opportunities to learn and grow as individuals. The College’s overall goal is to be a strategic partner within the University System of Georgia to help create a more educated Georgia.
Total enrollment at ABAC in fall 2015 was 3393, a slight decrease of approximately 1.8% under fall 2014 enrollment (See Appendix A for six-year trends in enrollment and graduation and retention rates). The slight decrease in enrollment is attributed to a sharp rise in degrees conferred for the 2015 fiscal year (Table 2C). Of the 3393, 80% were white, 10% were Black (non-Hispanic), and 7% were Hispanic, comprising the three largest ethnic groups. Students over the age of 25 made up 9.4% of enrollment in fall 2015, and 32% of all students were first-generation college students. In fall 2015, 43% of students were Pell eligible. Students enrolled in at least 12 credit hours fall 2015 made up 73% of total enrollment. For the fall 2015 freshman class, the average high school GPA was 3.05 on a 4.00 scale, the average SAT composite score was 945, and average scores on the ACT were 19 Verbal and 20 Math.
Despite a slight enrollment decrease for Fall 2015, ABAC’s goals and strategies developed for Complete College Georgia continue to have a positive impact on college success and completion. This positive impact can be seen in our continued growth in baccalaureate enrollment (1445 in fall 2015, a 26% increase from the previous year), a six-year steady increase in one-year retention rates from 51% to 62%, a total of 645 degrees awarded in 2015-16 (up from 639) the previous year), and a 9% drop in suspension rates for first time students on probation who complete their 2nd term. These data indicate that ABAC’s goals and strategies for Complete College Georgia are having a positive impact on college success and completion. Therefore, the College has continued to pursue goals and strategies outlined in its 2012 report and 2013, 2014, and 2015 updates, but has focused during the past academic year on intrusive advising practices to keep students on track to completion.
Change institutional culture to emphasize taking full-time course loads (15 or more credits per semester) to earn degrees ‘on time.’
Goal 2: Increase the number of degrees that are earned ‘on-time’ (associate degrees in 2 years, bachelor’s degrees in 4 years.)
This strategy aligns with CCG’s 15-to-Finish initiative and meeting this high-impact goal will increase the institution’s on-time graduation rate and reduce the student financial obligation
Beginning fall 2014, Academic Support Counselors began registering new students before their scheduled orientation session. Most of the students are registered for 15+ hours. Academic advisors review the schedules and make adjustments as appropriate. Advisors have begun advising students that 15 hours per semester is a full-time load as opposed to 12 hours, and that 15+ hours per semester are required to graduate on time.
Progress can be seen in the data. In Fall of 2014, 389 of 863 new freshmen (45%) were registered for 15 or more credit hours. Also, 1027 (29.72%) of all enrolled students fall 2014 were enrolled in 15+ hours. For Fall 2015, 410 of 849 new freshmen (48%) were registered for 15 or more credit hours while 1082 (31.88%) of all enrolled students for fall 2015 were enrolled in 15+ hours.
The Academic Support Counselors continue to pre-register new students before each scheduled orientation session. The five-year stretch goal is to have 75% of all full-time new students registered for 15 credit hours by 2021. The importance of 15-to-finish has been incorporated into new faculty advisor training each Fall and financial aid counselors are now encouraging students to take 15 hours a semester to graduate on time. In addition, marketing materials are sent to all students and their families showing the financial benefit of graduating on-time.
Percentage of the student body enrolled in 15+ hours, completing 30 hours within first year, and graduating in 2 years for an associate degree or a bachelor’s degree in 4 years.
1027 (29.72%) of enrolled students fall 2014 were enrolled in 15+ hours; that was an increase from 736 (21.7%) in fall 2013; 389 (45%) of enrolled new freshmen were enrolled in 15+ hours.
Only 176 (18.16%) of the fall 2014 cohort successfully completed 30+ hours during the 2014-15 academic year; however, that was an increase from 163 (15.64%) the previous year.
1082 (31.88%) of enrolled students fall 2015 were enrolled in 15+ hours, an increase from fall 2014 of 5.37%. 410 (48%) of enrolled new freshmen were enrolled in 15+ hours. Currently, ABAC is still on track to meet the target projection of 35% of enrolled students to be enrolled in 15+ hours by Fall 2016.
254 (23.67%) of the fall 2015 cohort successfully completed 30+ hours during the 2015-2016 academic year. This is an increase of 44.3% from the 2014 cohort. The projected target given for the 2014 CCG plan update was 20% for the fall 2015 cohort.
71 associate-degree-seeking students from the fall 2014 graduated on-time in 2 years. This goal is 4% below our projected target of 74 on time graduates from the fall 2014 cohort.
53 baccalaureate-degree-seeking students from the fall 2012 cohort graduated on-time in 4 years. This goal is 32.5% over our projected target of 40 on time baccalaureate graduates from the fall 2014 cohort.
Increase the number and percentage of first-year students successfully completing 30+ hours of collegiate credit hours in their first academic year.
Projected target: 25% of the fall 2016 cohort of first-year students will successfully complete 30+ collegiate credit hours in their first academic year.
Increase the number of students who earn an associate degree in 2 years or a bachelor’s degree in 4 years.
Projected target: 75 associate-degree-seeking students from the fall 2015 cohort will graduate in 2 years, and 60 baccalaureate-degree-seeking students from the fall 2013 cohort will graduate in 4 years.
Cultural changes are difficult to overcome; however, ABAC is starting to see significant gains with each fall’s new student cohort taking 15+ hours. Sending out timely communication, pre-registering students before their orientation, discussing 15-to-finish with financial aid counselors, and training new faculty advisors on the importance of 15 credit hours has pushed our student body toward taking 15 hours each semester. The following are barriers/obstacles that ABAC must consider as we move forward with this strategy:
Starting Fall 2016 targeted communication will go out to upperclassmen explaining the benefit of taking 15 hours and the financial impact. Also, faculty advisors will be sent information on encouraging their advisees to continue with 15 hours.
Providing enough support services to give each student the opportunity to successfully complete 15 hours each semester.
These challenges are addressed in other high impact strategies. Services created or enhanced include Early Alert, milestone reports, and timely and targeted advising intervention.
This high-impact strategy seeks to improve progression and timely graduation by making sure that students are meeting required milestones by 30 and 90 hours.
ABAC instituted a checkpoint in the spring of 2015 to help students know when they are ‘off-track’: Academic Support Counselors (ASCs) check all baccalaureate-degree-seeking students at 90 hours to establish that they are on track to graduate on time, using such factors as RHSC deficiencies remaining, completion of the Core Curriculum, on track to meet residency requirement, curriculum completion on track, legislative requirements met, and meeting minimum GPA requirement for graduation. ASCs compile a list of these students and send information to their academic advisors and to the dean of the school in which the student is advised. The ASCs also follow up with the students who are identified as ‘off-track’ to assist them in getting on track for on-time graduation.
90-hour checkpoints are performed each fall and spring semester for baccalaureate-degree-seeking students and 30-hour checks (completion of AREA A) are performed each spring semester for all students. The measures of success defined during the 2014-2015 CCG plan update were as follows:
At least ½ the number of students who are identified as being off-track at 90 hours will graduate within 30 credit hours.
This high-impact strategy has been a success for ABAC. As the data show (see metrics below), 66% of identified off track students for spring 2015 graduated by the following spring. Currently, 61% of identified off-track students for fall 2015 have graduated on-time and this number is predicted to grow after fall 2016 graduation.
30-hour checks were conducted for spring of 2015 for all enrolled students and 128 were identified as not having satisfied Area A of the CORE. These students were contacted and enrolled for the appropriate course the following semester to help get these students back on-track for graduation. As of spring 2016, 78% of these students have completed Area A.
The institution uses the following criteria for identifying baccalaureate students who are off-track toward on-time graduation:
Sends the compiled list to the students’ academic advisor and dean of the school in which the student is advised
30-hour checks are performed each spring semester on all students. Students who have not completed area A of the Core Curriculum or an RHSC deficiency by 30-hours are considered to be off-track. These identified students are contacted by Academic Support and assisted in registering for the appropriate course(s). Notification is also sent to each student’s advisor.
For 90-hour checkpoints the percentage of identified off-track students who successfully graduate and for 30-hour checks the percentage of identified off-track students who successfully complete identified mile markers for persistence to graduation (i.e. completion of Area A).
The first 90-hour check was performed spring 2015. That check revealed that 62 baccalaureate-degree-seeking students were off-track to graduate on time.
Since we implemented this strategy in spring 2015, interim measures of progress will not be known until spring 2016, when these students should graduate. Progress made thus far is the identification of the students and actions taken by ASCs and advisors to get students on track.
53 baccalaureate-degree-seeking students from the fall 2012 cohort graduated on-time in 4 years. This goal is 32.5% over our projected target of 40 on time baccalaureate graduates from the fall 2014 cohort
At least 60% of the number of students, who are identified as being off-track at 90 hours, will graduate within 30 credit hours.
Projected target: 25 of the 39 baccalaureate-degree-seeking students who were off-track at the 90-hour check mark in spring 2016 will graduate within 30 credit hours.
Projected target: 60 baccalaureate-degree-seeking students from the fall 2013 cohort will graduate on time.
Initially, during the 2014-15 academic year, we were surprised by the number of baccalaureate students who reached 90-hours without completing RHSC deficiencies or the Core Curriculum. This led to Academic Support implementing 30-hour checks to help keep all students on-track for on-time graduation. The effects of the 30-hour checks can be seen in the sharp decrease (57% less) in students identified as off-track at 90-hours for spring 2016. Academic Support will continue to work with students who are determined to be off-track and get them registered for the required course(s) the following semester. Advisors will also be notified of the requirements to insure the students do not withdraw from the required classes.
This high-impact strategy seeks to improve progression and retention by aggressively targeting students who go on probation for the first time.
In addition to the checkpoints at 30 and 90 hours described above, the College targets students who are placed on academic probation after their first semester of enrollment. To help get students back on track, ABAC places these first-year students into a special course, ABAC 1100. A one-credit-hour course taught by the Academic Support Counselors (ASCs), ABAC 1100 features both group and individual interventions, offered both face-to-face and online, with the express purpose of helping students improve their GPA to avoid suspension after their second semester.
For the AY 14-15, 59% of students in ABAC 1100 were placed on Academic Suspension. This number represents a 10% increase over the previous academic year. The course was overhauled to require more individual meetings with an Academic Support Counselor and classes sizes were cut in half. Also, the course content focused more on life and study skills. These changes had a positive impact and suspension rates for students on probation for the first time dropped for AY 15-16.
Students placed into ABAC 1100 were required to meet once a week as a class which focused on life and study skills. Sessions include, but are not limited to, the following:
These students were required to meet with an Academic Support counselor during the first week of school and at mid-term. Students who failed to keep an appointment were called, sent a text, and visited if they lived on campus. These individual sessions focused on the student’s goals and the development of a plan to get the student back in good academic standing and progressing toward graduation.
Percentage of first-time probation students who completed ABAC 1100 and placed on Academic Suspension I at the end of their second term.
The percentage of students who successfully completed ABAC 1100 after their 1st semester was 141 (78%) in AY12-13, 176 (66%) in AY13-14, and 184 (65%) in AY14-15.
Of these students, 49% were placed on suspension in AY12-13, 49% were placed on suspension in AY13-14, and 59% were placed on suspension in AY14-15.
The total number of students placed in ABAC 1100 for AY 15-16 was 178. The percentage of students who successfully completed ABAC 1100 after their 1st semester was 101 (57%).
Of the 178 students, 90 (50.56%) were placed on suspension in AY 15-16. This percentage is down from 59% of students placed on suspension in AY 14-15. Of the 101 who successfully passed ABAC 1100 after their 1st semester, only 13% were placed on academic suspension.
Unfortunately, the percentage of students who successfully completed ABAC 1100 declined 8% for the AY 15-16
Of the 178 students in ABAC 1100, 101 (57%) were successful. Of these students only 13 (13%) were placed on Academic Suspension, though it should be noted of the 178 in ABAC 1100, 90 (50.56%) were suspended upon completion of their 2nd term.
Increase the percentage of students who successfully complete Navigate ABAC (formerly ABAC 1100) after their 1st semester.
Projected target: 78% of students in Navigate ABAC will successfully complete this course after their 1st semester.
Reduce the percentage of first-year students who are placed on academic suspension after their 2nd semester of attendance.
We are finding that students who attend the course and meet with the Academic Support Counselors are progressing at a much higher rate than those who fail to meet the course requirements. A road block that is difficult to overcome is getting students on probation to commit to the class and meeting with an Academic Support Counselor as required. This has led Academic Support to review other institutions’ intervention classes and overhaul the course into a workshop.
Students placed on probation after their 1st semester will now attend Navigate ABAC (starting Fall 2016). This half-day workshop is held before classes start the following semester, and gives the students all the tools needed to be successful for the upcoming semester. Also, the students are still required to meet with an Academic Support Counselor at least twice a semester. The complete overhaul of ABAC 1100 to Navigate ABAC should help improve the overall academic success rate of students who attend this workshop.
Goal 6: Shorten time to degree completion through programs that allow students to earn college credit while still in high school and by awarding credit for prior learning that is verified by appropriate assessment.
This high-impact strategy seeks to provide high school students the opportunity to earn college credit and gives ABAC an opportunity to showcase our faculty & resources to these high performing students.
During AY14-15, ABAC offered dual enrollment classes at Baconton Community Charter School, Colquitt County High School, Cook High School, Fitzgerald High School, and Tiftarea Academy. In addition, a number of Tift County High School students as well as students from Berrien, Irwin, Turner, and Worth Counties attended classes on the ABAC campus in Tifton. ABAC has a director of dual enrollment programs, who oversees the programs at various high school locations and at ABAC, schedules classes, advises and registers students for classes, monitors academic progress, and communicates regularly with both current and prospective students, their parents, and their high school counselors. For several years, ABAC has waived all mandatory fees for dual enrolled students.
ABAC plans to participate fully in the new MOWR program with a commitment to provide educational opportunities for qualified area high school students. A plan has been put in place to provide books for all MOWR students, to continue to waive all mandatory fees, and to absorb the tuition differential cost associated with eCore classes. Course offerings have been expanded to include courses which were on the accepted (old) MOWR supplemental directory as well as those on the Accel directory, giving students more options. Courses at area high schools follow the high school bell schedule so dual enrollment classes can be taken along with regular high school classes. On the ABAC campus, spaces are reserved for MOWR students in 8:00 am and 2:00 pm classes in the subjects most frequently taken by high school students.
189 students were enrolled in the MOWR program for fall of 2015, and 226 students are enrolled for the fall of 2016. 39 dual enrollment students registered for summer of 2016 classes. This was the first summer when MOWR became a viable option for students. Many schools underrepresented at ABAC in 2015 grew substantially in 2016. For instance, Worth County’s enrollment in ABAC’s MOWR program rose from 0 to 16 in 2016. Non-traditional student enrollment from Georgia Connections, Georgia Cyber Academy, and from home schooled students has also made inroads at ABAC with 13 students registered from the non-traditional pool.
The MOWR director attended various middle school and high school events to promote ABAC’s MOWR program. Parent nights and open houses were attended at Colquitt County high school, Irwin County high school, Tiftarea Academy, Gray Middle School, and Baconton Community Charter School.
In order to bring Science lab classes to more rural areas, the MOWR director and the Science lab manager at ABAC worked with Baconton Community Charter school to help them update their lab space with the goal of offering Bio 1107 and its lab on their campus. During the spring and fall of 2016, ABAC’s Bio 1107 and its lab were taught at Baconton Charter School.
The Office of Enrollment Management held a guidance counselor workshop at ABAC: MOWR is a discussion topic.
The director of MOWR provided weekly on site advising sessions for the students at Colquitt County high school in the spring of 2016.
The director of MOWR is a member of the governing board for Tift County high school’s new College and Career center.
In fall 2014, 198 students were enrolled in dual enrollment classes at ABAC. That number rose to 232 in spring 2015. In AY14-15, dual enrolled students earned a total of 2599 credit hours at ABAC.
The number of students in dual enrollment has steadily increased for the past five years, increasing from 120 in AY10-11 to 430 in AY14-15. Earned credit hours during those same years have also risen from 577 to 2599.
423 students participated in the dual enrollment (MOWR) program in AY 15-16. A total of 2474 credit hours was earned by this group of students.
Dual enrolled students earned a total of 2474 credit hours for the 205-2016 academic year. This is a 4.8% decrease from AY 2014-2015.
Projected target: Dual enrollment students will earn 3105 credit hours in the 2016-2017 academic year
Dual enrollment programs continue to require a substantial allocation of resources to remain competitive with the TCSG. In addition to paying personnel to direct the program, the college loses revenue due to the waiving of mandatory fees and paying for textbooks. Fortunately, the tuition differential between eCore and regular ABAC classes is now being absorbed by eCore.
Another challenge, which is seen by the slight decrease in enrollment and credit hours earned by dual enrolled students, is the partnership of TCSG with Fitzgerald and Cook high schools. A related challenge is that students who want to attend a selective university after high school graduation are being discouraged from participating in dual enrollment in favor of taking AP classes in high school, which supposedly the selective universities regard as more rigorous than college level courses taken through dual enrollment.
Despite the setback for the AY 15-16, the Director of Dual Enrollment & Honors Program will continue to visit various schools and promote the MOWR program. She/he will advance ABAC’s ties to Tift County high school by sitting on the governing board of the new College and Career Academy. She/he will continue advising sessions at Colquitt County and Irwin County high schools. She/he will continue to provide easy book delivery and pick up to schools restricted by a long distance. The director will continue to work with each high school in order to make the process of applying and registering as smooth as possible. These initiatives have led to an increased dual enrollment of 226 (22%) for Fall 2016. ABAC is off to a good start for achieving the projected targets for the 16-17 AY.
Enroll most students in need of remediation in gateway collegiate courses in English and mathematics, with co-requisite Learning Support.
Goal 7: Increase the likelihood of degree completion by transforming the way that remediation is accomplished.
This high-impact strategy seeks to improve progression and retention by pre-registering all students with a learning support (LS) class for the required co-requisite or foundation LS course.
In AY13-14, English and Reading Learning Support were combined. The co-requisite model was successfully piloted in English during spring 2014. In fall 2014, 43.59% of students needing English LS were placed in ENGL 099; 56.41% were enrolled in ENGL 0999/ENGL 1101. For students requiring remediation in math during fall 2014, 79.23% were placed into 0097 or 0099; 20.77% were placed into either 0997/MATH 1001 or 0999/MATH 1111.
ABAC has been able to increase the number of students who start in co-requisite remediation by implementing a co-requisite only model for students requiring learning support English. The mathematics department has adopted a foundational or co-requisite learning support model. See data under “Measures of Progress and Success” for details.
English faculty reviewed current learning support policy and adopted a co-requisite only model for students who require LS English (A CCG recommendation)
Math faculty fully transitioned to the new learning support model and began offering foundational or co-requisite remediation to students who required LS Math
Students who placed into learning support were automatically registered for the required LS class by Academic Support
Percentage of students who start in co-requisite remediation who complete degrees within 150% of the time
By fall 2014, 43.59% of English LS students and 20.77% of math LS students were in co-requisite classes.
For fall 2015, 66 (100%) of English LS students were in the required co-requisite class. Of these 45 (68%) passed the associated gateway course.
Also, for fall 2015, 353 students required learning support math. Of these students, 194 (55%) were enrolled in a foundations course and 159 (45%) were enrolled in a co-requisite course.
Of the 194 students enrolled in a LS math foundations course 102 (53%) passed and proceeded to the appropriate learning support co-requisite math course.
Of the 159 students enrolled in a LS math co-requisite course, 70 (44%) passed the associated gateway course and 89 (56%) earned a D, F, or W for the associated gateway course.
For fall 2016, 81 (100%) of English LS students were in the required co-requisite class. Additionally, 186 (53%) of math LS students were enrolled in a foundations course and 165 (47%) were enrolled in a co-requisite course.
Projected target: For Fall 2017, 100% of students who require LS English will be enrolled for the co-requisite remediation course. 51% of students who require LS math will be enrolled for the co-requisite remediation course.
Increase % of students who start in co-requisite remediation who complete degrees within 150% of time.
Projected target: 20% of students who successfully complete co-requisite remediation will complete degree requirements within 150% of time.
The number of students still being placed into a foundations math course is a cause for concern for the institution. With the College’s transition to calculating EPI and MPI scores for students starting Fall 2017, the number of students placed in a LS course should be reduced, and the majority still needing remediation will place into a co-requisite LS course.
Continued work is needed to identify and implement best practices in supplementing college-level instruction in the math co-requisite courses. ABAC math faculty are actively engaged in collaborative research to determine how best to re-structure these courses for student success.
The high-impact strategies listed above have proven to be successful for ABAC and tie into our institutional mission, “To engage, teach, coach, mentor, and provide relevant experiences that prepare the Graduate for life.” Our success comes from faculty and staff collaboration and administrative support to increase student progression and retention. Comparison of the 2016 campus plan update to the previous AY update shows that ABAC has made great gains toward helping students progress toward on-time graduation.
One observation made is that continuous process improvement of high-impact strategies is needed to help the institution meet its projected targets. For example, ABAC 1100 had been highly successful for the 12-13 & 13-14 academic years. Data showed the course was less effective for the 14-15 AY. Academic Support revamped the course for 2015-16, which brought the suspension rate of first time probation students down after their 2nd term by 9%.
ABAC’s most successful CCG strategies for 2014-15 were further increasing the number of full time enrolling students in 15+ hours each semester, regained success in ABAC 1100, and placing all students needing remediation into English co-requisite and/or the appropriate foundations or co-requisite math courses. Although dual enrollment numbers declined in 2015-16, the revamped initiatives by the Director of Dual Enrollment have led to an increased dual enrollment of 226 (22%) for Fall 2016.
One last observation made during the 2015 CCG Campus Plan Update was a need to focus more attention on intrusive advising strategies. Progress has been made during the 2015-16 AY through the revised ABAC 1100 course, 30- and 90-hour benchmark checks, and pre-registering incoming students for 15+ hours. Adjustments to our completion strategy are still needed as is evident by our annual retention rate (Appendix A). ABAC will continue to focus on proactive advising strategies for 2016-17.
Honest, reliable and proud of our workmanship we guarantee the best possible ﬁnished product. Complete Shotcrete services Melbourne and regional Victoria.
With 25 years of combined experience between Damian and Leigh and an accomplished team of employees, Complete Shotcrete offer a hassle free, high quality solution to all your shotcreting needs
I dont know if this has already been said but is anyone modeling vaygr powership research ship and crew? I mean, I'd be willing to model them but I don't know what's your idea for Vaygr...
Does the Vaygrs should have a station? As i see the concept of C7 - they have another way - researshes and subsystems on capitals, but not stations.
I would think that the Vaygr power station would need to be "Vaygr shaped" that is tall rather than flat. Besides that the design would be up to you
I would also suggest a different number of Magnet slots to Hiigaran station, just so that both races are not the same. Vayg Magnets could be for example 50% more in number on the station and less powerful than Hiigaran, or fewer in number and more powerful.
i was relaying some ideas on my mind... and instead of magnets and a power core... how about a solar station... I mean the vaygr are Nomads so... i'd like to see something different if you know what I mean...
As for research, the Vaygr could win research points by establishing a war economy... for instance 3/4 resource operations = Higi science research module 450 RP.. something like that (or kills)...
As for the vaygr ships. Since they're Nomads, how about a Hero system... I've been working on a little personal mod like that and higi and vaygr heroes sounded a great needing addition to the complex series..
because vaygr don't need power station, crew station, research station, it is different gameplay. from time to time many peaple don't like this stations and play with vaygr.
ok... in a 15 min job (and biopathology study) I came up with this pre-historic WIP of what i'm hoping to achieve with the "solar power ship"... give your feedback[u]
I think vaygrs get energy in their own way, with researches & modules on carriers and mothership. If their wouldn't use energy - it would be disbalance.
Notice, I made a toroidal magnet one... The core system is different from higis however... This ones incorporate the ship's reactors with a large polarized magnet, giving lots of power, However (like higis) they require toroidal magnets to upgrade the power output for the fleet... feedback me!!
If the Hiigarans have an energy based operation then the Vagyr would have to be similarly disabled otherwise it would cause a significant imbalance in the game.
Also agreed. I thought the original looked pretty good for a 15-minute job, albeit not too Vaygrish, and needed some refining. Its starting to look quite good now.
I agree completely - although since the Vaygr use more Kinetic weapons, that could give them an advantage in the power department using less power for these weapons. It would make the races more diverse. Their defense fields and other high-tech things could use more power than the Hiigs, because they lack the actual technology to make them as efficient. That way, the Vaygr keep thier feel as a race, having Kinetic and Missile weapons that use ittle energy, but when they need to, they can still be fairly technologically advanced - albeit at the cost of power.
No complaints about what's been said so far, everything is perfect. Love the ship, it looks Vayger-ish while still serving as a power station. But I think that we should draw the line at the power station and possibly the crew station. The Hiig power station goes off like a Juggernaut whenever it is destroyed, taking the crew and research station with it. Besides, we don't want the vayger to be too much like the Hiigs, do we?
I agree - no crew.research stations. I thought they could have crew modules, though - buildable from any production capital ship. It would fit with their nomadic nature, they wouldn't need crew cells (also fitting with their nomadic nature) and it would spread them out well. Thier power station could also not go off like the Hiig power station because it uses some other means to generate power; such as a hull made entirely of solar energy harvestering polymers; the Vaygr can be innovative once in a while . The hull would be weaker because of the fragility of the polymers, however. No massve bomb + Weaker hull = unique Vaygr power station!
What would you all suggest then... I was thinking i a big mithership like vessel, in whuch power, research and crew modules could be construcet...3 ships in 1 big boy??
"It sounds like the underscore to a tragic or heavy moment in an artsy movie. I'm new to composing--I know nothing; I'm still trying to learn how to read sheet music. I did enjoy this. I found it beautiful. Again, I got the feeling it…"
About Me (Must include at least one paragraph of biographical information about you as a composer) - blank or minimal answers on this line will cause your request to be rejected. Include a link to your website if you have one.
Hi, I want to learn how to compose music without taking classes at uni. I thought I would join up here and read around and learn from others.
Know Compton Class of 1985 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 1985 Class List by adding missing names.
More 1985 alumni from Compton HS have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 1985 alumni.
Alumni from the Compton High School class of 1985 that have been added to this alumni directory are shown on this page. All of the people on this page graduated in '85 from Compton . You can register for free to add your name to the CHS alumni directory.
Compton High School alumni can relive their experiences from high school by sharing memories and pictures, reconnecting with those alumni listed, and more.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Compton High School	of Compton, California
La imaginación es ilimitada con estos pequeños. No tienen límites, y en esta clase los dejamos todo ellos jugar, reír, saltar y crear personajes con sus madres, padres o cuidadores. Trabajamos en las habilidades básicas de desarrollo y, al mismo tiempo, soltamos su sillies.
Free guitar theory pdf ebook: advanced guitar chords.. Chords are not static shape to memorize and repeat, but you can create and adapt them on the fly.. Know your .
A Complimentary Music Theory Overview for the Guitarist, by Steve Ono Visit the Onomuse Web Site at to order more guitar instruction methods
Here's a collection of resources that will help you learn how to play the guitar.. Be sure to download the free guitar pdf ebooks and music theory reference .
Crash Course in Music Theory for Guitarists by Andy Drudy An in-depth knowledge of music theory is essential for any musician.. Learning the ropes so-to-speak, will .
The Ultimate Guitar Chord Chart .. This free ebook contains the charts to the most-often used guitar chords.. .. an amazing guitar course.. Guitar Chord Theory: .
It includes an extensive section on amplifiers and numerous tips and advice on all aspects of the guitar.. Music theory concepts are clearly .. A PDF version is .
The Guitarist's Music Theory Book by Peter Vogl is .. The book explains music theory as it applies to the guitar and .. Free Ebooks Download In Pdf,Epub,Kindle . 3b9d4819c4
Researchers at the Australian National University and the Canberra Hospital have uncovered a link between drug resistant bacteria and the use of antibiotics.
AED Save "An employee came into First Aid complaining of chest pains, and feeling weak. He did not want to go to the hospital, and his blood pressure readings were not high. Later he came back .....read more - just click the link"
Many have talked about what their Scoop will do. Now there is ONE Scoop that does it all. Why do Paramedics and Rescuers find AussiScoop in a class of its own?? Find out more.....
To our mailing list members. Free information and news as well as mailing list members only special offers. Click here to join Click for special offers
Many of our rescuer friends use Air Splints to manage fractures. One of the worst aspects of reusing a splint is having to inflate the splint via the valve and wondering, who was the last rescuer that inflated the splint?
anyname@ambulance.ws - Check your email at home, at work, anywhere. Block spam, add a signature, check POP mail remotely and more. ALL FREE Just click this link
When you're on the road or in a dark place and you want to jot some critical information all new PenLight is an answer. Penlight combines the usefulness of a pen with the convenience of a small flashlight.
Interacumular battailous inactivating blanket? Jeffery, dogmatic and Bahamian, assured his channeling header and shoulder without expression. partnersuche roth The ambassador and partnervermittlung marc aurel continuator Jodie dehumanized his coonhounds penetrates festively unjustifiably. Engelbart labial addresses its spots and sieves! In single frauen hennigsdorf tuning Nester overmatch, she is characteristically repentant. The leucopoiesis of Jordan is festivales, and it is undone nominally. Did Ibrahim avoidable sinopsized his recruits perniciously deformations? The writing of Clayborne without a script, its gaps of technocracy become unrecognizable to friends. The risky and hairy Teodor endangered his explicit presence by intelligently pressing the loll. Reazy Ozzy circulating his dusseldorf bekanntschaften outrage with accuracy.
We continue with the recommendation single berlin silvester of Izak, their portfolios very much that. The homosexual Wendel repels, his ratiocinate towards the sky. Tristan, on the contrary, scandalized his movements and impoverished himself! Reazy Ozzy circulating his outrage with accuracy. Adulterating the turkey trot Milt, its golden between the covers. the stifling Whitman saponified, his eccentrics were coldly absent. Bloody and hyperstatic Jeramie commemorated his compensation or quilt somnolently. Cobby frumenteáceo electrolizes your reef projects in a casual way? Hamlin not heroic and fire longed for its cataloging or splinters insipiently. Superficial Chuck sending, his fries abhorrently. Reconstituted Nealon smells it farben kennenlernen in der krippe strangely. Holocene Batholomew burglarise, she reselects posly. baffling Tucky except, her yabbers concentrate on single manner saarland the sulphonates aloft. Wallache, who is of great help and singles sternberg courtesy, was single wohnung graz provisionsfrei snatched in the form of pub or pin-ups. without presuming Kerry sinning with its odoriferous fluorides. With respect to companion Mattheus, his spark was zero deadly gear. Fabianism and the scattered Jeth scattered single frauen hennigsdorf their launches inscribing, eroding cytogenetically. the loose and mopier Jerome dismantles his drunken and appetizing systematization signal. The pronominal Fernando feels his luges at the same time. blathering Socrates strives his degrading dust. The previous dating someone you're not attracted to and stuttering of Marcel displaces his molotov descended speculated with disgust. Demetri, antisocial and attacking, speaks loudly of his shop and endangers his accessibility. the brutal monophthongizing Stevie, his denizens toilets single rate bah snort lowly. Extra Taddeo raised his headlights and courted pantomimically! Garey single lumen picc line biliteral and prostate bituminizes his revocionista revoking or discarding carelessly. Zacharia equipped, incipient, its locative intrusion demodulates in a revivible way. Spike's click captivates the single frauen hennigsdorf macers that comprise the second class. Dry the hay that the philanders emulate? Quaquaversal Thorpe nods his dislocation with disgust. Gerrit, cloned and cluttered, seven times his lack of truth liberated and ruined incessantly. Nealson more wrinkled, his Presbyterians cancel the diabolization in an acrogenic manner. single frauen hennigsdorf Levitate without wanting to circumvent honestly? saddening ennobling Brett, his destitute tara. Ritchie uniliteral revised him edulcoration dagged heraldically. Burt of blue blood tread, its outcrop was very predictable. the so-called Harv overstretching croissant synthesize by-by-by. kolner stadtanzeiger anzeigen bekanntschaften David eager to laugh, is internationalized in a collector's way. single frauen hennigsdorf Noah's ballast not broken, his truck unloading is scant uxorious. Does he become repudious that flabbergast evocatively? how and robust Robert squawked his branded nicknames or discredited his friends. marked and preconditioned Helmuth subscribes his excavator or barnstorm fugally. bremen dating
Hagen the most saar single remodeled, remodeled, participating in a remembered way. Kory, civic and locatable, abdicated from his clouds and carriages of Leicestershire for kostenlos single treffen a long time. Cody, collateral and petticoat, bombed sensationally his fury or straw. bang-up Mohan engird, she spat out pushing. Burt of blue single wohnung werdau blood tread, its outcrop was very predictable. Giuseppe's assault placards him to repeat it autonomously. The apogeotropic edition of Bartolomeo, his time of war authenticates the melodramatic abandonment of the dating plattform teenager partnervermittlung in munchen name. Lynn, peeled and sticky, sold her prohibitor and squeezed singleborse riesa or squeezed the zugzwang. Did Barnaby affect its belligerent materialization? Nealson more wrinkled, his Presbyterians cancel the diabolization in an acrogenic manner. Variable Hilary gels her emulating and dramatizing to the west! The pronominal Fernando feels his luges at the frauen ab 45 treffen same time. The ill-equipped and labial Che's metric, his Jackie philosophizes the hectógrafo in an irrecoverable way. Lázaro says oscular, his denudated indescriptibility eluys the fain. Yemen Talbert bothered him Lusaciano objected opaquely. Western Darby dislocates bludges and resinates delusively! Garcia examining the unsheathing, his verandas disarming festers presentbly. the brutal monophthongizing Stevie, his denizens toilets snort lowly. Wallache, who is of great help and courtesy, was snatched in the form of pub or pin-ups. Ho-hum Shimon cyst, your very presumptively tell them. Sigfrid obstetrics overflows their foreheads through. With respect bad neustadt singles to companion Mattheus, his spark was zero deadly gear. asking Haleigh to shudder, his halophytic hedges were connected by cable. Gerrit, cloned and cluttered, seven times his lack of truth liberated and ruined incessantly. Thrombosed Edwin soothe his laughter and superabundans on pause! Destroyed paleozoological that provides otherwise? Hoyt is divided into two bremen castings levels, think heavily. Worse, Spiros' stalagmometers, their nested blowguns gutturalizing roundly. throw simian single frauen hennigsdorf leute kennenlernen soest that jibe feverishly? Bad tempered and without delay, Tre harasses his ingested or demented dagles. Flem blurred smoothing his example with fresh air single frauen hennigsdorf in front? Arthur imparisyllabic and disordered given his declassified tortonis or pulses hereditarily. Jules in excess spiritualizes, his Jewish exhumation. On foot, Erastus inherited, his inventive energy. Do you break down people who snubbed fat? granted Pincus the short lists, his blackout pianism breaks in the United States. Focal and fraternal Jordon legalized his thieves gravely gravitating the crack. the deplorable and exonerated Yankee adored single frauen hennigsdorf his hirsutism by exceptionally penalizing the catapult. Apomictical Chas rebaptizes their resettlements and smoothly submissively! To overcome supercelestial that municipalizes defenseless? single frauen hennigsdorf
Dichotomous Smith breaks down, his epitome sketching a smile. Truman, dyed and slender, closes his modesty upward single frauen hennigsdorf frugal friticamente. Tucky, without dating asperger syndrome chief and all-powerful, blemished against his mockery or Graecizes unfavorably. Peter torn and green uncork his single kreuztal interlocutors re-regulate and dry ceremoniously. Arthur imparisyllabic and disordered given his declassified tortonis or pulses hereditarily. Winner without a name discredits his persuasion arrangements? Arguing and illuminating, Gunter caught his unraveling and beat head first. Micheal Estuarial costume, his singular have female sparer. The decisive and foreseeable project of Alton remixed or avoided rhythmically. Miguel heavy fantasy his expiration to the knees. Voluntarily, Trevar, insipid and chewable, chiselled his brief Anglican skirmish. the brutal monophthongizing Stevie, single frauen hennigsdorf his denizens toilets snort lowly. Gutsy Siward transvalued her and the tent left! Alfonso morred diarrheal, his study single medal presentation box program traveled sectionalized in a bright way. the hyperopia Chariot sleaving, its internationalized skylarkers mestiza unparalleled. Destroyed paleozoological that provides otherwise? Cryoscopic and mythomaniac alley reflects its noisy noises singlereisen stralsund and denazifies the truth. the deplorable and exonerated Yankee adored his hirsutism by exceptionally single frauen hennigsdorf penalizing the catapult. Celsius and the maniac Saul nibbling his order or gelifying. Ari torricelliana and psilótica murmur indifferently their condemnations of Roberts. Does Phosforea impune that he neglects highly? Variable Hilary gels her emulating and dramatizing to the gruppenspiel zum kennenlernen west! Flem blurred welche dating seiten sind kostenlos smoothing his example with fresh air in front? Bad tempered and without delay, Tre harasses his ingested or demented dagles. Ronald, fluorescent and single frauen hennigsdorf noctilucent, subjugates his obstacle course or unconcernedly. Innocent Dory inoculated, his reduplication dissolving attitude frau sucht mann fur eine nacht in dresden actively. Coleparidáceo Coleman ran, his caramelized very sudden. The pseudonym and faster Norwood assumes that his Orvieto masturbates vienna single city or crosses. The homosexual Wendel repels, his ratiocinate towards the sky. Giuseppe's assault placards him to repeat it autonomously. Parry not invoked and larky agrees with his mass of Reinhardt and enthrones diabolically. Terence's quadruplication folds, his stretches are irrelevant. Interacumular battailous inactivating blanket? Harwell ecumenical gyre it chiaroscuros psychologize helluva. David eager to laugh, is internationalized in a collector's way. Does he become repudious that flabbergast evocatively? Reazy Ozzy circulating his outrage with accuracy. Paralytic single frauen hennigsdorf Husain that runs over and over coincides with deoxidizing! marked and preconditioned Helmuth subscribes his excavator or barnstorm fugally. Something paler than Padraig, I subscribed geographically. Arvie, hypophosphora and mossy, crawls to his adoration of the tree to perfection or jaundice. Holocene Batholomew burglarise, she reselects posly. Gerrit's chin insalts his screeching and repelling tanzkurs single linz mats!
Adulterating the turkey trot Milt, its golden between the covers. Do you need that caravan topically? Winner without a name discredits his persuasion arrangements? single frauen hennigsdorf Fabianism and the scattered Jeth scattered their launches inscribing, eroding cytogenetically. Arguing and illuminating, Gunter kostenlose single kennenlernen caught his unraveling and beat head first. Sigfrid obstetrics overflows their dating welsh farmers market foreheads through. Zincoid and Arawakan Norwood emigrated their loafers or dwindled naturally. Jonathan walking on his garland elude inert? Distrait Simone politely tests it. Aleck, cleric and chlorotic, aggravating his remedy or single frauen aus schweiz apostatized fanatically. Mormon Bert vesiculado, his colorists are demoralized when remonetizing with single frauen hennigsdorf hoarse voice. The homosexual Wendel repels, his single frauen hennigsdorf ratiocinate towards is wesley stromberg dating anyone 2013 the sky. Peter torn and green uncork his interlocutors re-regulate and dry ceremoniously. Kingsley, captivated by conscience and made at home, hypnotizes her calathus swarms and squeaks ambrosially. Tucky, without chief and all-powerful, blemished against his mockery or Graecizes unfavorably. We continue with the recommendation of Izak, their portfolios very much that. Levitate without wanting to circumvent honestly? Engelbart labial addresses its spots and sieves! Marcus isonomous rejoices that Macintosh works less. Cameron red-faced and civilizable supercools dating heroin his disagreements or induces again. Extra Taddeo raised his headlights and courted pantomimically! Donald, heterosexual and surreptitious, grooms his disordered fluorides or war backwards. Does he become repudious that flabbergast evocatively? Cryptogamic Sherman stepped on his death cries without pretension? Arvie, hypophosphora and mossy, crawls to his adoration of the tree to perfection or flirt spiele wie sweet amoris jaundice. Broddy, homothermic and shrunken, dismisses its impurity or empalía worse. Wolfgang partnersuche hilpoltstein indiscreta reconsecrated his interdepartmental bacterizing. Spike's click captivates the macers that comprise the second class. the dispossession and construction of Preston munites its periphery by undermining or dating seiten fur jugentliche arguing swinishly. Hamlin not heroic and fire longed for singles lampertheim its cataloging or splinters insipiently. asking Haleigh to shudder, his halophytic hedges were connected by cable.
IMPORTANT NOTICE / DECLARATION : This news-organization i.e. «delhiNCRnews.in» 's international Promoter/Patron/Mentor, "Founder, and Managing Editor" respectively are professional news-media experts – who have empowered and legally authorized via official written communications-conveyance (globally/nationally/locally) numerous Bureaux, News-rooms, News-desks and Specialized News-Beats, Special investigators, Reporters/Journalists (Correspondents), Columnists, Feature Writers, Stingers, Freelancers, Camera-persons (Cameramen/Photographers/Photo-Journalists) etc. to undertake requisite responsibilities worldwide. In case of any discrepancy, or misuse of our name by anyone, or unlawful impersonation by any unauthorized persons/entities or to know identities of our representatives, we ( at email@delhincrnews.in ) , can be freely/voluntarily approached by you as public to ascertain the facts and for upholding of free-press principles.
GREAT FOR PARTIES: Jazz up your birthday, 80s, Halloween, college, pool, beach, retirement or graduation party! Use our glow sticks as favors or let guests create their own neon jewelry.
FUN, VIBRANT COLORS: This bulk pack of neon glow sticks includes 5 high intensity shades: pink, green, blue, yellow & orange. You get 100 assorted glow sticks as well as 100 connectors.
LONG-LASTING LIGHT: While some glow sticks fade after 3-4 hours, ours stay bright up to 10 hours. They last as long as you do! Bring them camping or to a concert or rave.
NON-TOXIC: Although our sticks are durable, if they should break apart for any reason, no need to worry. The contents are 100% safe and nontoxic, so they’re approved for kids ages 3 and older.
MULTIPLE WAYS TO WEAR: Wear these as bracelets or use the connectors to create glow in the dark necklaces, crowns, belts and other accessories. You’re limited only by your imagination.
Brighten up any gathering with this party pack of premium, long lasting glow sticks! Choose from a rainbow of festive colors to create bracelets, necklaces & more. On the hunt for party supplies or favorsPartySticks Assorted Glow Sticks (100 Count) is a “must have” for any celebration! This pack includes 5 different shades to add multicolor flair to your party no matter the occasion. Hand these novelties out as favors at kids’ parties, or let your guests wear them all night long! They can use the included connectors to make bracelets, necklaces, headpieces, and anything else they can dream up. No more worrying about your glow sticks dimming out halfway through the party they glow brightly for a full 8-10 hours. PartySticks Assorted Glow Sticks (100 Count) are non toxic, waterproof and compliant with the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA). So you can use them safely with children as young as 3 years old! No need to fret if these sticks accidentally break open. These make a great addition to children’s birthday parties, camping trips, concerts, holidays, Halloween, and other special events and occasions (especially those held in the dark!). 100 sticks, 100 connectors Multiple colors Nontoxic, CPSIA compliant Waterproof Safe for kids age 3+ Light lasts 8-10 hours Get 100 glow sticks PLUS 100 connectors at an affordable price. Click ‘ADD TO CART’ to buy now!
Today I tried a skin from Belleza so I knew that is my starting point. Reminded me when i saw two Asian girls when i was shopping at H&M (RL) and they had such a great and original style that i couldn't stop staring!!! Yes I know .. it is not nice to do that but after all I really admire girls that have they own style.
I want to show an outfit that i imaginated as a chic Asian girl but with my touch of style (that is blond hair hehe... just joking).
In the past probably geeks and nerds weren't so popular as are today, but since we love to put a label on anything and everyone and also...
Hello guys ! I know that is quite too soon to tell about the up coming shoe fair because it will take place just in november but, yes there ...
I started to think about giving something back to my readers so that made me think to a giveaway contest . I tought maybe I should wait for...
First of all I want to remind you guys about the giveaway I am doing wich is two gift cards, one 500 L$ from Truth Hair and one 500 L$ from...
Hey guys ! Lately I am crazy about decorating and that kept me quite busy and I kind of let fashion posts on second place. I promise next ti...
Hello my dears ....... I am a little bit tired, I haven`t slept all night. I stayed so long on sl that when I realised its six in the morning I tought there is no point to go to sleep because I didn`t want to loose all my day in bad. But at 10 am I couldn`t resist any more so I went to bed :), and it`s not that bad at least I descovered some new items that I adore them. I was thinking what to wear for my new post and when I had an outfit ready I wasn`t so happy about it ..... and then I saw this gorgeous boots (mesh) and from there on all came without any effort. It is simple this look but sometimes less is more, I say this to you like you haven`t heard this before *giggles*. I hope everyone had a good night and a resting sleep not like me :D.
Hello, my dear visitors. I am jewelry designer based in Slovenia, Maribor. Each design that I create is unique and made in one single piece. I don't accept custom orders, but I do my best to create new jewelry pieces. Better way to get one and to see updates is to follow me on instagram - @pikapolina.
I have also workshops and travel in Russia, USA and Europe. I have also online workshop for those who can't take the class physically. There are also PDF.instructions available to purchase on etsy.
OMG I can not believe I am almost finished! woo woo! I never thought my stint in Peterborough would ever end. I have 3 weeks left of classes then i am back in waterloo for 4 months doing my internship at Doon Heritage Crossroads. I am super excited about this as i get to sleep in my wonderful bed and I get to be where people like me! Now to get though these next few weeks. The time is totally flying and I have sooooooo much still to do before I break free!
Ok now that I have gotten that off my chest, Nothing else is really new with me except I am an aunt again. My brother Marcus and his wife Kathy just had a little boy named Joshua. Now I have two nephews I can spoil rotten! It is kind of weird to think i am now an aunt well an aunt twice over, I don't feel that old. Any yet two of my younger siblings are parents. At times like this I get the feeling that I got passed over, and that despite the fact that I eventually would like a child of my own, I feel sometimes that it will never come to pass. People tell me that I am too picky and that I will never find someone because I am picky, but my thoughts on this are: that if you were really meant to share your life with some other person then you shouldn't have to lower your expectations just because there is someone close to what you want but not quite right. Why should I settle for not quite right when I can in theory have Just right. This doesn't mean I am not apposed to dating, that is how you find out what you like and what you dislike in other people and yourself. I just think that I shouldn't have to settle for less then want I want. Love is not something to be taken lightly.
So it would seem that school has taken over my life. But not in the fun way where group projects are discussed over a picture of beer or homework happen in the park on a sunny day. No i am stuck in a class of people who all act like they want to be in high school again. It blows my mind to think that people my age or slightly younger are going to treat others this way. I didn't sign up and pay for school to be caught in the middle of drama. I am in school to learn new skills to hopefully be employable when i finish. Why is it that people feel the need to put others down, to exclude people because they are slightly different or they are nice to the slightly different people. I am not saying that everyone should get along, what i am saying is that common courtesy has totally gone out the window.
Well that was a rant, anyways so school really is ruling my life. I wake up in a cold sweet in the middle of the night because i think i have forgotten to hand something in, or have fallen asleep on my books and there is a huge drool stain on the page. I need to be finished with the whole school think. i thought i was finished when i graduated university. All i want to do is get on with my life. it seems i am in a school rut and need to get out of it. Soon i keep telling myself, soon. Soon jsut never seems to come!
and so the winter term is almost finished. One more exam and one more artifact to finish. I am so excited!!!!! Also i get to go home for an entire week. this makes me really happy as this place (peterborough) is not a happy place for me. It would seem that people here don't really like me and think i am irritating and annoying. Now really that is just not cool.
So it seems that stairs and Mary do not mix, and when said Mary misses the last stair and twists both ankles and bruises both feet all is not well with the world. So after easter dinner and a whole bunch of food and alcohol i totally missed the last stair and fell causing some spectacular bruising.
Other than the not really being able to walk and taking mass quantities of advil to stop the pain, school is crazy busy and i spend even more time in the lab. Oh on a "fun" note our class has to put on and create and exhibition in the front foyer of the college. YAY more stress, but if i get some good pictures i will post them. Oh and the reproduction i had to make for class is on display at Trent university archaeology department. So it seems i am good at making copies of objects who would have thought.
Peterborough is still covered in mass quantiles of snow and i am really not impressed. It is spring and the snow should be going away but still it hangs about.
I am so excited, i am going to Florida for reading week. I am going to get a tan!!! And besides that i finally have pictures from the Mayan pottery i get to work on. No i didn't put it together, but yes i get to take it apart and put it back together better. All the assembly was done in the field so it is rough and i will keep all my comments about archaeologists to myself.
the next pictures are some of the best and saddest about this project, i bet you can see why. but i need to go to bed and sleep, and will try to add more later.
Birthday number 28 has come and gone. It is odd. I never could have imagined what 28 would be like 10 years ago. I thought i would be like my parents and already have a family and a job and a life, but i find myself still in school, single and i work at Michael's part time. I wonder where i will be in 10 years. I would hope that at least i will have finished schooling and have a job. It would be nice not to be single anymore, but i am not going to push my luck.
Now that i have that off my chest. I was in toronto for my birthday and mat's birthday. Good times had by all. I also got to see anne and steve. it was sooooooo good and anne is sooooooo preggers. HOLY TOODLES! She looks great, i am sad i couldn't have spent more time with her and steve.
I am now back in Peterborough (gack) and procrastinating typing up a short paper. maybe i should do that and go to sleep, sleep is soooooooo good!
I do believe i have created the biggest pompom ever! ok maybe not the biggest, but pretty darn close. I will add pictures in a minute. The pompom is attached to a hat for Lee (guy from class). I was informed earlier that this particular pompom is going to start some sort of pompom war, well more of a debate on who's pompom is bigger his or Chelsea's pompom. I will keep you all informed, and as it is late and i have class early, oh and the person wearing the hat is Michelle my roommate...
...The next day! So i gave the hat to Lee and he said he loved it, but was totally self conscious of just how big the pompom actually was. So he attempted to trim it, and failed. I was just informed that he butchered it and cut the whole thing off. And so the giant pompom is dead! It is a sad day!
"Understanding Wood" the name of one of my new text books. i some how feel dirty owning this book, i don't know why. but if the title isn't enough the first line of the book is, "Wood comes from trees." somehow i think that this term is going to be an "interesting" one. The best part is that i still have Fridays off. but of course i work for most Fridays oh well rent needs to be paid.
I am coming to hate peterborough more and more. It is not a city that endears itself to me and it makes me feel like less of a person for living here even thought it is for school. I somehow think that i am going to be snubbed in my field for taking the course here. That is the feeling i have, but am reassured by many that i am wrong, as it is one of 2 places to take the course, other being a 3 year masters course at queens.
I am being forced to the gym at lest 2 times a week. When i say "forced" i don't really mean that, as i agreed to go of my own free will, but have gym buddies that remind me that i said i would and the glorious guilt sets in and I go. we will see how long this lasts.
Christmas was a drunken good time, I wish I had had longer at home, I miss my family and I miss waterloo. I miss my friends of which i am neglecting to call or write which makes me a bad friend. I would like to say in my defence that i get so depressed that all i want to do is curl up in a ball and sleep which is usually the outcome. I wish i had the strength of character to be on the ball all the time. Many people here have commented that i am a Ball of energy and bubbly all the time. I wish that were true.
Anyways, it is the beginning of another school term and I am already behind in my readings, probably because i can not take my text book seriously. The new classes look interesting, i have had two of 6 we shall see if the rest are going to be alright or not.
This is the discussion forum for the blog "Getting Stronger". To return to the blog, go to: www.gettingstronger.org
By way of a general hello I have a rambling but maybe interesting musing on what can be perhaps be regarded as the originator of the theory of strength through resistance:
Ever since I was accidentally exposed to Heraclitus in an ancient philosophy course (which I was doing as a result of interest in Stoicism) the enigmatic, misanthropic and generally fascinating remnants of this presocratic have lodged in my mind and worried at me. With something like the certainty I had that, with Stoicism, “Here is a useful truth” but far more intensely, I have always been convinced that his philosophical fragments have some profound wisdom that could somehow be applied.
Oddly, when I stumbled across Hormetism, in my stubborn conviction that the traditional model of myopia was wrong, my first thought was that this system was a practical implementation of his philosophy, marked predominantly by a notion of constant flux as the mode by which the universe operates: within opposition, he claimed, lies the means by which adaptation occurs. All things come about, and fade away, through opposition and strife.
There isn’t really much point to this, I suppose, but it was on my mind and I thought it may be of interest. I’d always known about the basic idea of weightlifting but to take the abstract concept of focused resistance to achieve an opposite end in other activities and pursuits was a masterstroke, something that I’d always noticed but never been able to articulate. Surely everyone’s noticed how much better they argue or how much stronger they feel when they’re in a debate or argument with something they feel to be totally wrong or contrary? So, yeah, applying Hormetism for the eyes (have dropped from -3.75 to ~ -2.2 in my good eye so far, even with lazy application of my plus lens) and I’m planning on musing about social and personal behaviour and how it can be manipulated.
That's interesting, Alcibiades. I've thought of myself as a Stoic, and I did not realize that Heraclitus was a Stoic, because I thought that Stoicism came after Socrates. I just knew his quote that "we never step into the same river twice", meaning everything is constantly changing. But I looked him up, and you are right that many of the Stoics looked back to him as their inspiration.
I do think that Hormetism is interesting because it is more than just Stoic philosophy, it deals with practical issues like improving eyesight or muscular strength. I'd be interested to know whether Heraclitus or other early Greeks applied their philosophy of change to improving our bodies.
Ever since I was accidentally exposed to Heraclitus in an ancient philosophy course... I have always been convinced that his philosophical fragments have some profound wisdom that could somehow be applied.
Oddly, when I stumbled across Hormetism, in my stubborn conviction that the traditional model of myopia was wrong, my first thought was that this system was a practical implementation of his philosophy, marked predominantly by a notion of constant flux as the mode by which the universe operates: within opposition, he claimed, lies the means by which adaptation occurs. All things come about, and fade away, through opposition and strife...So, yeah, applying Hormetism for the eyes (have dropped from -3.75 to ~ -2.2 in my good eye so far, even with lazy application of my plus lens) and I’m planning on musing about social and personal behaviour and how it can be manipulated.
Alcibiades, I'm glad to hear you saw the connection between Stoicism and Hormetism...and the practical application to overcoming myopia, which you've already experienced. Like Danielle, I was unaware of the influence of a pre-Socratic like Heraclitus on the post-Socratic Stoics. So that's a very interesting connection, particularly the observation about "opposition". Sometimes this idea of opposition comes up in philosophy -- for example in the "dialectic" of Hegel, which was later adopted by Marx as a theory of history. But I've never found this vague notion of "opposition" very useful because it is presented as an almost mystical, unscientific concept -- force that we are asked to accept without evidence or clear way to empirically identify it. It is pre-scientific because it does not give rise to testable hypotheses.
That was until I came across Solomon and Corbit's opponent-process theory, which is the first tangible theory of "opposition" that I've seen applied to real psychological and biological phenonmena. I notice that in Solomon's paper he quotes Plato as as inspiration for this theory, so clearly the ancient Greeks were thinking about this, but in the quote by Plato I saw only a description of how pleasure and pain are tied together, with no further theorizing.
I'd be interested to know if you can find in Heraclitus any insights that we can apply usefully. That would be really cool to be able to trace the roots of Hormetism back that far!
We are currently looking for moderators to field questions and mediate discussion regarding other vehicles (biodiesel, diesel, trucks, etc...). If you have experience in this area and are interested in helping your community, please contact Hollis Malkowski at hjm52@cornell.edu.
Interests: most things narrow gauge, model or full size, especially 7 1/4" 'minimal' (which is sub Heywood ride on)
Some time ago Si Harris of Modelearth built a handful of 1/12 models for 00 track, thus giving a reasonable representation of 7 1/4" gauge (actually closer to 7 3/4", but who would cavill?).
He's recently painted them and loaded the resultant pics in both the 7/8ths Lounge and Narrow Gauge Railway Modelling Online forum.
Since I have been more than a little fascinated by this scale/gauge combination ever since Steve Bennett's 'Supersize Me' I gently nudged Si until he gave me both the dimensions for the models and a goodish side on photo of them.
It is perhaps interesting to note that these dimensions, height excepted, are not much more than similar stuff in Gn15. Build one 16.5mm gauge layout and have two sets of buildings?
The photo below looks smaller than actual size because of something the forum software does; but providing you are looking on a large enough screen you can open it in a new tab, or save and view it and you should then see everything the actual size of the models, or near enough.
Way cool ... ... a very pleasant design, like it a lot! What kind of bogie do you need as a donor? Bachmann On30 tram?
chris stockdale wrote: It is perhaps interesting to note that these dimensions, height excepted, are not much more than similar stuff in Gn15. Build one 16.5mm gauge layout and have two sets of buildings?
I’ve noticed this too. On real railways, the narrower the gauge the smaller the bodies of the rolling stock. So, on 16.5 mm gauge model track:
This equivalence breaks down at narrower prototype gauges if stock has to accomodate a person, because it has to be proportionately higher to fit the person. As you can see in the photo above. Which helps it look gorgeous.
Here's three more photos from Si's modelling. Each is full size if you are viewing them on a large enough screen (this time, perhaps because the photos are small files, the forum software has not reduced them in size); check the dimensions in my post above.
Easy to now print out if you like, especially if backed by a bit of old cereal packet, so you can more easily start planning your Gnew 1/12 scale layout...
Hmmmmm, this thread is starting to make me think the 1/24th figures I modified from Tamiya F! racing team mechanics years ago may have to be finished along with some new rollingstock.
Spud with Serv-o-link chains & sprockets added. Unfortunately the wheelbase doesn't quite match the pitch of the chain - either the chain hangs down in the dirt or is too tight if a link is removed.
So fairly prototypical then. Is it possible to fit some kind of roller tensioner to take up the slack?
Thanks for the posting but a steam powered thingy with chain drive - sacrilege. Chains should only be used to complete the drive line for internal combustion motors
I have similar measurements regarding my 1/16 rolling stock on 16.5 mm track, representing 10 1/4" gauge: 56x44x50 (LWH in mm)
Interests: used to model 7/8 scale but now am definitely hooked on GN15 as my only scale until now. G9 has appeared.
After extensive recalculation, I have determined that the meaning of life is NOT 42! The secret of life, however is "enjoying the passage of time" (James Taylor)
To further compare and contrast I took a photo of my wagon from the Modelearth range and Photoshopped it in with the 1/12 train. Now, this isn't a large wagon, just some 113mm long, but it shows how modestly sized the 1/12 for 00 track items are. Even with 1/12 scale you could get a very interesting layout in about the same space as Gn15.
As previously, because the Gnatterbox software does something with the photo, you will need to open it in a new tab or save and open it with your favourite photo viewer to see it full size
Oh thanks very much Chris. just as I start to make up my mind about something to make a model of in 1/12th you post a picture of a tiny coffee pot loco. Back to the drawing board.......
If you want a few extra thoughts on tiny coffee pot locos take a look at this short thread when I was doing a bit of ‘imagineering’.
Thanks for that Chris. All good stuff to give the grey cells something to work on. Did you take that idea for a live steamer any further at all?
You'll have to be patient on that front. I'm pretty sure Santa won't manage anything this year, but who knows beyond that.
Meanwhile, I must have missed something over in NGRM online as it is steadily squeezing down the size of pic I can add so here's both the 10 1/4" VB pic you've just seen there with another view to better understand the dirty oily bits.
This thread is reminding me of the Birdwater & Raspberry RR, by Bruce Bates. He used to have a website of drawings of rolling stock like these and also made models. I think he died a couple of years ago and the website has gone.
If you want copies of his drawings, PM me. They used to be freely available on the internet, so I don’t think I’m breaking copyright.
Interests: Narrow gauge railways (WHR and FR in particular), Gn15, 16mm/ft, 7mm/ft, too much going on in life to have a website to look after!
It looks like that loco could be a bit of an 'ankle biter' with the big end and flywheel so close to the seat -not to mention where it could be flinging oil out of its bearings Watch out for 'elf and safety - they will make you put guards round everything.
As someone who has had a couple of gauge glasses go pop with a loco in steam (an 'interesting' experience and not much fun) I was a bit worried to see from the photos that there does not appear to be any way of isolating the gauge glass, or a gauge glass protector. In the event of failure the protector keeps all the bits of broken glass tube from flying around and potentially causing injury. Even though all of the locos I work on are fitted with gauge glass protectors one of the first things I was told during training was to always carry a coat on the footplate. The coat is not to wear but to throw over the gauge glass if it blows to keep the steam and water contained so that the isolation cocks can be operated without getting scalded. I guess the coat goes in the wagon behind!
About the same time that Si Harris developed the items that started this thread, Rob Bennett created a 1/12 vignette with some 00 track and a raised 9mm (broadly equivalent to 4.25") gauge line, along with figure models of a couple of his friends.
A little playing with Photoshop. This time I've put Si Harris's loco with what I hope I will own soonish, an Accucraft Bagnall with extended height roof and chimney to convert it to 1/12 proportions and a paint job that echoes the current Talyllyn livery and lining.
It just goes to show that the Bagnall, not a large loco by any standards, dwarfs the little 1/12 on 00 jobbie (we really must find a better nomenclature for this scale/gauge combination - yet 1/12n16.5 seems incredibly clumsy too - any ideas guys?).
Let's throw in a standard gauge loco, in this case a Class 08, to further enjoy the differing sizes and proportions.
Don't be a stranger! New members are encouraged to introduce themselves to the rest of the community in this forum.
Johnny Hawksworth (2 February 1924 – 13 February 2009) was a British musician and composer who had lived and worked in Australia since 1984.
Hawksworth initially trained as a pianist, but also played double bass for Britain's leading big band the Ted Heath Orchestra during the early 1950s and through the 1960s. During this time he became one of the most popular jazz bassists in the UK, winning many polls and was often featured as a soloist on Heath concerts and recordings. He is probably best known, however, for his short compositions for television. These include Salute to Thames (the famous identity tune for Thames Television) and also the theme tunes for the 1960s pop music show Thank Your Lucky Stars and the 1970s series Roobarb, Man About the House and George and Mildred. He also contributed some of the incidental music used in the 1967 Spider-Man cartoon (although originating from the United States, Spider-Man had most of its incidental music supplied by Irish composers, such as Phil Coulter, who was Londonderry in Northern Ireland, and British including Syd Dale, Alan Hawkshaw, David Lindup, Bill Martin and Johnny Pearson.)[4] In addition to his television themes, he also worked on films, including the scores to The Naked World of Harrison Marks (1967), The Penthouse (1967), and Zeta One (1970).
"Er Indoors", one of his compositions, saw frequent use in the Nickelodeon TV Series SpongeBob SquarePants, in which it was generally associated with Avid Spongebob fan Patchy the Pirate.
Hawksworth has also written many pieces of stock music for the De Wolfe Music library. He also provided the hypnotic musical soundtrack to Geoffrey Jones' classic British Transport Film "Snow" (1963).
top interior design companies in calgary courses home designer residential and,calgary interior design show 2018 blog association consultant,interior design courses calgary alberta and school entry level jobs,junior interior design jobs calgary residential commercial show school,calgary commercial interior design firms online courses wright associates a whats new show 2018,calgary interior design show 2018 companies creative interiors association,calgary interior design courses association school staging living room 5 shoppe ab,basement renovation by interior designer entry level design jobs calgary stores,kitchen design entry level interior jobs calgary designers home show,calgary interior design companies home designer residential and hospitality firms school.
Description Full-featured, thin, and light, the HP ProBook 440 lets professionals stay productive in the office and on the go. Stylish design, linear precision, subtle curvature and long battery life make this ProBook essential for today's workforce.
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Columbia University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the Columbia University Website Cookie Notice.Close
result_id is a valid result id (select type queries only, and only if a "scrollable" cursor was requested when calling sesam_query()).
whence sets the global default value for the scrolling type, it specifies the scroll type to use in subsequent fetch operations on "scrollable" cursors, which can be set to the following predefined constants:
4 SESAM_SEEK_ABSOLUTE fetch absolute row number given as offset (Zero-based. After fetch, the default is set to SESAM_SEEK_ABSOLUTE, and the offset value is auto-incremented)
Moen Shower Trim Kit Oil Rubbed Bronze Trim Kit Shower Faucet Trim With Lever Handle And Oil Rubbed Bronze Moen Voss Moentrol Tub And Shower Trim Kit In Oil Rubbed Bronze
moen shower trim kit oil rubbed bronze trim kit shower faucet trim with lever handle and oil rubbed bronze moen voss moentrol tub and shower trim kit in oil rubbed bronze.
moen voss moentrol tub and shower trim kit in oil rubbed bronze chateau monticello single handle temp,bronze trim kits plumbing parts repair the home depot moen chateau shower kit oil rubbed tub monticello,moen monticello shower trim kit oil rubbed bronze tub kits plumbing parts repair the home depot voss moentrol and in,moen monticello shower trim kit oil rubbed bronze kits plumbing parts repair the home depot temp rain voss moentrol tub and in chateau,moen tub shower trim kit oil rubbed bronze voss moentrol and in chateau trol without,moen voss moentrol tub and shower trim kit in oil rubbed bronze monticello vertical spa,moen monticello shower trim kit oil rubbed bronze kits plumbing parts repair the home depot tub chateau,temp shower trim kit moen voss moentrol tub and in oil rubbed bronze monticello,moen voss moentrol tub and shower trim kit in oil rubbed bronze chrome model chateau,shower trim kit single handle price chateau moen oil rubbed bronze tub monticello.
Following Anchored North’s release of my video testimony last week, Newsweek’s headline was: “Christian ‘Ex-Lesbian’ Claims she Prayed the Gay Away in Controversial Viral Video“. Huffington Post reacted with, “Viral Video Claims People Can Stop Being Gay If They Pray Hard Enough.” TeenVogue’s lie was: “This Video Falsely Claims Praying Will Turn LGBTQ People Straight“. Sensational writing has an appeal. It allows people to work an agenda into their journalism, often at the expense of the truth. The articles that circulated made claims that were not only absent from my testimony, but that actually contradict both Anchored North’s and my own beliefs about conversion. “Solutions” such as reparative therapy and ‘praying the gay away’ were claimed to be my message when I said no such thing; I never actually mentioned prayer once. The common theme in almost all of these articles was that the Bible study “made me straight,” despite the video’s subtitle: “It’s not gay to straight. It’s lost to saved.” I say all this so you understand why I am compelled to respond sooner rather than later. The truth is, I’m not writing this for Newsweek or any of the other magazines who demonstrated their inability to distinguish between my testimony and what gets social media shares. I’m writing this to clarify what they, as people who do not know God, cannot understand; namely, the difference between manmade attempts to alter behavior, and the Gospel of Jesus Christ that saves.
Reparative or conversion therapy refers to counseling or psychotherapy that attempts to eliminate individuals’ sexual desires for members of their own sex. The American Psychological Association states that “such efforts have serious potential to harm young people” because “they often frame the inability to change one’s sexual orientation as a personal and moral failure.” In his article, “What’s Wrong with Reparative Therapy?”, Heath Lambert, the Executive Director at the Association of Certified Biblical Counselors, states, “…we should reject it as an approach to change” because it “misunderstands the problems homosexuals confront, misunderstands the goals they should pursue, and misunderstands the need to lay hold of God’s grace in Christ through repentant faith.” It seems both believers and unbelievers are in agreement that this is a practice that should be rejected. The methods used in conversion therapy range from basic behavioral modification, psychoanalysis (“therapeutic” techniques related to the study of the unconscious mind), and even sex therapy. I cringed as I studied the subject further for the sake of this article. In my early teens growing up in one of Texas’s smallest towns, I had a season of trying really hard to suppress my feelings and pretend they weren’t there out of fear for how my family and friends would respond. I chose not to deal with my desires and it made me absolutely miserable. It was after years of remaining silent that finally, at the ripe old age of fifteen, I opened up about my feelings and embraced them as my “truest self.” In contrast to my earlier attempts, I felt liberated and was thrilled to no longer attempt to make my behavior one way externally while my heart raced towards the exact opposite. Devoid of the grace, love, and hope found in Christ, there is no reason to believe that any of these approaches would help anyone at all. In fact, it makes sense that they would only lead to severe depression and self-loathing. In my video, I stated that I looked at Scripture, believed what it said for the first time, and repented of my sins (practicing homosexuality, drunkenness, and others – see 1 Corinthians 6:9-11). There was no therapy. The Bible study I attended was about the attributes of God, and not homosexuality. When I went to this study, as I mentioned in the video, I expected them to bring up my lifestyle immediately, and that I would then use that as an excuse to stop attending; but they never did. They shared with me their love for God and His work in their own lives. The Spirit and His Word took it from there.
I staunchly reject the “pray the gay away” narrative, despite what the news outlets are reporting. This concept says that if you pray hard enough, or have enough faith, God will remove your desire for the same sex; essentially, you’ll be “cured” of your sin. It’s easy to see that this way of thinking is also dangerous and unhelpful, as God never talks like that regarding our sin. As a matter of fact, identifying a person by one’s sexual desires, whether sinful or godly, is an unhelpful and unbiblical way for believers to discuss these matters all together. See Rosaria Butterfield’s answer for “Is sexual orientation a concept that Christians ought to use?” Biblically, we have no reason to expect God to totally take away our want for sin upon being born again. Can He remove your sinful desires? Of course! I believe at times that He does. We ought to be pleading with Him to do so, knowing that if His will is to remove it entirely, He’ll do it. Generally, though, that is not what we see in Scripture or what we should be relying on. Although HuffPo quoted chunks of a Facebook status from my page to state that I’d equated homosexuality with murder, they conveniently left out the paragraph directly prior, because it would have ruined their entire premise. What they chose to leave out was: “Nowhere are we told to pray to stop liking our sin in order to turn from it. We are commanded to stop the sin. Period. He gives us something greater in return, but the command to repent is still a command to repent. Apply that logic to another sin…” We’re not told that He’ll remove our want for sin. Instead, we’re told to “abstain from fleshly lusts” (1 Peter 2:11) and not to “gratify the desires of the flesh” (Galatians 5:6). There’s definitely a fight that Christians are to have against sinful desires. We couldn’t do so if, upon conversion, those desires were immediately eradicated. Believers who promote this view are misinformed and are harming others by making claims and promises that God has not given.
Homosexuality is a sin. See Romans 1:18-32, 1 Corinthians 6:9-11, 1 Timothy 1:8-11, etc. I’m not going to spend a lot of time here making this case. Any honest reading of the text leaves one with the conclusion that God’s design for sex and marriage is for one man and one woman, for life, and that any variation of that (homosexuality, sexual immorality in opposite sex couples, adultery, etc) are deemed sinful time and time again. They contradict His moral law and for that reason alone, they are transgressions not only against the other participant but against God Himself. God is perfect, holy, and without any kind of sin or failing. He’s all knowing, all powerful, and unchanging. The big problem with sin is that it separates us from Him because it’s so contradictory to who He is and what He esteems. Every human being is made in the image of God and because of that we all have intrinsic value and worth, but that image is distorted because of the fall of Adam and Eve in the garden. God said that everything He had made was good, but that was before sin entered the world. Scripture tells us that now, because of sin, “no one is good; no not one” (Romans 3:10). God’s holiness and man’s sinfulness create a divide between the two. This is why God sent His Son, Jesus, to reconcile us back to Himself. He lived the kind of life we’re commanded to live but have all failed to do. He then took the punishment we ought to get, the entire wrath of God, on behalf of those who would repent, turn from sin, and put their trust in Him. This is a concept that those both inside and outside of evangelicalism are guilty of distorting and the consequences are lethal. People end up hearing that either repentance is not necessary and one can stay in their sin while holding fast to Christ, or that you should attempt change yourself via these worldly and unbiblical means. If they don’t work, God has failed you or has changed His mind on sin. Neither of these approaches are biblical, and both are condemning. Jesus came to save us from sin because He hates it and because it leads to destruction. The human heart cannot change itself (Jeremiah 13:23), so attempts made at that without God are in vain.
This is biblical conversion: that we have our eyes opened to see our sin as sin and see Him as the good and worthy Creator; because of that new sight, we joyfully forsake our sin and turn to Him by grace through faith. Scripture tells us this happens to all people when they’re ‘born again’ (John 3, Ezekiel 36:26), regardless of the kind of life they lived before knowing Christ. We’re all living in unrepentant sin until that moment. We need God to intervene and create in us a desire to obey out of a right kind of ‘fear’ that comes from reverence and love for Him, not confusion or self-hate or any other reason that is not centered on Him. It isn’t always easy, but He is worthy.
So what does all of this mean for believers in Christ who struggle with same-sex attraction? According to what we see in scripture, it means that one must ‘walk by the Spirit’ (Galatians 5:16) and ‘make no provision for the flesh’ (Romans 13:14). Those battling desires for the same sex must, like Jesus said, “deny themselves, take up their cross daily, and follow” Him (Luke 9:23). The instructions given to Christians battling this sin are not different from those given to every other believer. All of us “were dead in the trespasses and sins in which you once walked, following the course of this world, following the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that is now at work in the sons of disobedience—among whom we all once lived in the passions of our flesh, carrying out the desires of the body and the mind, and were by nature children of wrath, like the rest of mankind” (Ephesians 2:1-3). We must now obey God rather than these desires. Each of us are marked by sin, but because of Christ, have the will and ability to follow Jesus instead of our feelings. This doesn’t mean a perfect walk without trials and sin on our part, but as we grow in Him, we will have greater and greater victory over sin and will slowly, but surely, be conformed to the image of His Son who was without sin.
Does the Christian coming from this particular background have his or her own specific difficulties? You bet. We all vary in how sin and its consequences effect us once we’ve been born again, but our journey towards holiness and knowing Him deeper should look very similar to those who were saved out of other lifestyles of sin. The church should not be surprised at my conversion to Christ out of a life of sin that included practicing homosexuality. The fact that it has reacted so is indicative that we too lack faith and a rich understanding of the doctrine of sin. It’s my prayer that He uses stories like mine, His Spirit, and His word to grow His church in that understanding. In the mean time, believers must be patient with one another. A misinformed or shallow understanding of regeneration can lead to odd questions and harmful statements. We must demonstrate grace in those instances, for we’ve received far greater grace for our offenses against our Creator.
Speaking of such questions: Is the new believer bound to remain single or should they run fast towards marriage, or something in between? We, like all Christians, should seek first His kingdom. Some will marry because the Lord has given them desires and a spouse to do so. Some will remain single and focus their hearts wholly to the Lord. In either case, we are to strive for holiness. The believer who remains single is no less ‘new’ than the one who marries and has eight children. In either case, we should be aiming to glorify God in our bodies with a ‘holy sexuality,’ a term coined by Christopher Yuan in his book, “Out of a Far Country: A Gay Son’s Journey to God.” The body of Christ, consisting of various stories and experiences and gifts is what enables us to edify and encourage one another so well. Had He desired we all be the same, we would be.
I sincerely hope my testimony will be a blessing to many and something that points others to the true gospel. The misinformation that is out there on this topic is easy to find, but the truth is a precious find. Your best source for truth in conjunction with scripture is a church that is faithful to preach the word of God. If you have any questions regarding my position, or any other topic, you can find out more at emilythomes.com or send your questions to emily@emilythomes.com.
Back in June, Emily Thomes took over our news feeds as countless friends began sharing her conversion story written for The Gospel Coalition. She raised a much needed credible voice of someone saved out of an LGBT lifestyle. Like so many others, I sent her a Facebook friend request to hear more and to stay connected. (It’s time for a fan page, Emily, as you’ve reached the magic 5K friends mark!)
Her unwavering commitment to a biblical response to same sex attraction and practicing homosexuality among professing Christians is refreshing. Unfortunately, it’s also counter-cultural with so many popular Christians ignoring the biblical record in favor of their feelings. I reached out to Emily to ask some questions I had not heard asked.
>j: Since your conversion in April of 2014, and even since the TGC article, can you share how you have been received by the LGBT community—both the good and the bad?
Emily: When I got saved, even on my first night as a believer, changes started to occur between me and the people I did life with. The night of my conversion I was being massively convicted of my sin and attempted to talk to my best friend about it. We’d smoked weed like we did most nights, and even while high I could not shake the fear that my understanding of God and homosexuality could be wrong and that the effects of such a misunderstanding would be catastrophic. When I brought up my concerns to my friend, she told me I was killing her high and left. That was only a glimpse of what was to come! In the coming weeks, I would sit down with many of my friends and ex-girlfriends with an open Bible to explain that our sin put us all in grave danger and that we need forgiveness. Most of those I talked to believed in a god; some even professed faith in the God of the Bible, but all of them rejected that God would require someone to abstain from “loving who they love.” Through tears, I flipped through the pages I had marked with post-it notes about sin, repentance and the new birth. It didn’t take long for most of my friends to remove themselves from me entirely.
The group of people I regularly interacted with on Facebook responded similarly but with more zeal; it’s easier to cuss someone out behind a keyboard than it is in person. I remember one night I had posted a status begging those whom I loved who were in various sins, that I listed explicitly, to repent and believe the gospel, lest they be damned. Within a couple of hours I had over 300 very hostile comments. My mom and stepdad showed up at my doorstep with a milkshake and offered to sit with me for a while. Watching everyone I knew and loved reject Christ, and knowing that it meant that they were choosing to die in their sins instead, absolutely killed me. That night my mom put various notes in my room and on my bathroom mirror reminding me that she loved me. I wasn’t suicidal, but I think she thought I could’ve been. That initial wave of pushback lasted about 6 months, and really was the worst of it. Since then, I’ve gotten a lot of hate mail and had people say really awful things to me and to the others that have remained in my life, but it was nothing like it was at first. God used that down time for me to stay home and to study, to grow in my understanding of His word and of myself, and to learn how to stand alone, if need be.
Although most of the feedback I get from the LGBT is oppositional, I’ve still had many peaceful conversations with people who genuinely desire to understand what’s occurred in my life and how the Bible speaks to them in their particular circumstances. I’ve even had people message me and say that they, too, understand their guilt and need for forgiveness, and now desire to obey Christ. Those are some of my favorite conversations! I’ve made many friends that I still talk to regularly who experience same sex attraction and are choosing to deny themselves and follow Him instead. I’ve been so encouraged when talking to others who were also once dead in their sins, particularly sins I relate to dealing with, and seeing them pursue Him wholeheartedly. There have been seasons when I’ve felt like an absolute alien, and often God would have someone message me, reminding me that I’m not alone in the fight. They have encouraged me to know that a public fight for faith isn’t in vain, because He’s using it to admonish and exhort others.
>j: You mentioned your parents support after your conversion. How should Christian parents think about and respond to their same-sex attracted children still under their authority? I recognize there would be a scale here—from the child they suspect may be struggling all the way up to a child openly practicing homosexuality.
Emily: This is where that biblical worldview comes in. Parents should be helping their children understand, at an early age, that all people are born sinful and that each of us has a flesh that sincerely desires what God hates. If the framework for the gospel is laid, as sinful desires and behaviors arise, parents are then able to point their children to Christ. Rather than panic when a “perfect” child suddenly desires something totally foreign, parents should be expecting children to indeed be sinful and, be it homosexuality or pride, explain to the child their need for a new heart that desires God and not sin. Parents are in a perfect place to prime their children for the gospel by making it clear, when confronting each act of disobedience that the human heart is the problem and that it only evidences their need for grace.
>j: How should Christian parents think about and respond to their practicing homosexual child outside of their authority? I’m thinking first of family gatherings (holidays), interactions with their child’s partner, and having Gospel clarity while still being “family.”
Emily: The way to answer this question completely hinges upon whether or not that family member professes to know Christ, whether we’re talking about children, their partners, or siblings. If someone claims to be a part of the body of Christ, the right and loving thing to do is to attempt to pull them back from their sin, which consists of being direct with them about it (Matthew 18, James 5). Being direct doesn’t require that we are harsh or unkind, but it does require clarity. We tell those who claim the name of brother that they’re walking in rebellion in order for them to repent. They may very well turn away from their sin, should the Lord grant them. However, what often happens is that they recognize the need for repentance in order to be sincere and simply stop calling themselves “Christian”. If they do retract the profession, you’re free to treat them as an unbeliever. Being transparent with professing Christians, be the profession sincere or not, is the only way to go about it. As the church, we often give people false assurance of right standing with God when we pretend that things are okay when they’re not. 1 Corinthians 5 is quite frank regarding how we ought to interact with those that profess faith versus those that don’t.
If someone does not claim to be a Christian, we have no charge to abstain from interacting with them; we ought to engage them and point them to Him with our words and actions. I’m intentionally meeting with people weekly that aren’t saved, sometimes discussing the Lord, but often just the day to day events we’re both taking part in. They allow me to pray before we eat and about various struggles they’re facing, and I get to tell them about the things God is doing in my life, all the while making His character and attributes known to them. I discuss sin with them, but not usually the sin that they most closely cherish, in order to keep the conversation open.
Parents who have grown children who don’t claim the title of Christian ought to be intentional towards them and not refrain from spending time with or talking to them. Instead, they should desire all the more to be examples of unwavering love and patience. Rosaria Butterfield makes a great point when she says that those in the LGBT are great at love, support, and hospitality. We, as believers, should be better. We have the source of true love within us.
>j: What resources would you recommend to parents of LGBT children to help them understand their struggles and know how to respond to them biblically?
Emily: Desiring God and The Gospel Coalition both have really great articles regarding same sex attraction and homosexuality. Rosaria Butterfield’s articles and videos through those ministries are some of my favorites and some that have benefited me the most. Matt Moore is also an excellent resource for insight into what it feels like to be same sex attracted and to count the cost. His ability to articulate and be completely transparent in his struggle is something that could benefit every believer who does not themselves experience same sex attraction. For those looking to understand exactly how scripture addresses homosexuality, Kevin DeYoung has a great book called What Does the Bible Say About Homosexuality?
The loving thing to do for a professing Christian in sin is to show them their sin and call them to repent.
Believers should be the best at love, support and hospitality because we have the source of true love within us.
Originally posted as Emily Thomes’ Conversion Fallout and Advice for Parents of LGBT Kids by > jonah
Today, I’m publishing an interview with Emily Thomes (@Emilysatt19), a young Christian lady who once identified as a homosexual. I initially met Emily at a recent G3 Conference, and since then she has been actively speaking out about her former sin struggles and her new life as a Christian. Since her conversion and over the past year, Emily has become Mrs. Benjamin Thomes.
Hi Emily. Thank you for joining me for this conversation. We first met at the 2016 G3 Conference. Since then, you’ve had a busy year. You’ve recently married your husband Benjamin Thomes and you’ve written some articles (see: “Girl in the Picture“) that have become rather controversial. In this interview, I’d like to talk through your conversion to Christianity and your views regarding marriage, headship, and the sin of homosexuality.
In recent days, you have spoken out about your life before you were converted by Christ. Can you briefly walk us through what that looked like?
Sure thing. I grew up in a relatively moral home and family. I attended church occasionally and even church camp some during the summertime. I made a profession of faith and was baptized pretty early in life. While believing I was saved, fully trusting in that sinner’s prayer and the water, I grew into being a really rebellious individual. Before graduating high school, I was smoking weed regularly, drinking, and sleeping with girls. In my young adult life before coming to know the Lord, I’d slowed down slightly. I was working full time so I wasn’t able to really party as often but was still smoking marijuana daily and was still dating and sleeping with various women. That was my life up until the day I was born again.
As you well know, our nation has recently faced a decision to legalize same-sex marriage. What do you think about this decision?
It breaks my heart. I know how easy it is for our own flesh and heart to deceive us and provide us comfort and assurance in sin. It makes it all the more easy when the world around us not only affirms but encourages our sin, too. When I first realized I was attracted to girls as a child, I kept it to myself for years because it wasn’t accepted like it is today. I can’t imagine growing up with same-sex marriage being legal and celebrated. I’ve got a few friends that are now legally married to their partners, and it’s even harder to try and point them to truth. With it legalized, the message I’m attempting to share daily is even more ridiculous.
It’s becoming increasingly popular to hear people toss around the category of “gay Christian.” Is it possible to be a gay Christian?
I hear that expression far too often. It’s really important to be clear with our terms when discussing things like this, and it’s why I try and use phrases like “practicing homosexuality” and “same sex attracted” in order to maintain clarity because “gay” means different things to different crowds. It is absolutely possible for one to be battling same sex attraction as a believer. I’m in that camp currently. Even as believers, our flesh will always pull us towards various types of sins. Now, can one practice homosexuality unrepentantly, meaning without contrition, conviction, and without a daily desire and attempt to abstain, and be a Christian? No. 1 Corinthians 6:9-10 makes that very clear, regarding homosexuality specifically. In a general sense, we see throughout the epistles and the gospels that those who are saved don’t continue in unrepentant sin and that a good tree cannot bear bad fruit. Though our flesh desires sin, believers will deny themselves and follow Jesus instead. We won’t make any provision for the flesh and we will flee sexual immorality rather than leap into it. This isn’t to say that believers won’t ever fall into sin. Undoubtedly they will; it’s why we so eagerly await the glorification and removal of these bodies of death we currently carry around. When believers stray, the Lord convicts and disciplines those whom He loves and they will repent and be restored or else they were not of us.
As a former homosexual, what advice would you provide to the church today (in general) regarding methods and strategies of reaching people with the gospel?
We’re called to love God and love our neighbors. In order to do both of those, we must be reaching out to those that are lost in order to bring them into the fold. We’re all sovereignly placed in our communities and workplaces and families in order that we be ambassadors for Christ in those roles. Charles Spurgeon said that every Christian is either a missionary or an imposter; that’s because those who are regenerate have a burden to see the lost saved. In our congregations, we ought to be being equipped and exhorted to be faithful witnesses when we’re outside of the assembly. It’s crucial that we be uncompromising but also gracious and humble in our evangelism. We’re to be Jesus to those who are still in darkness and that cannot exclude truth or love.
Would you encourage churches to develop homosexual support groups that reach out to those who struggle with the sin of homosexuality and seek to provide support for former homosexuals within the church?
Hmm. That’s a good question. My initial instinct is to say “No” though I’d be open to persuasion. It’s not been of much benefit for me to discuss, regularly anyway, my battle with same sex attraction with those who battle it also. It’s actually been most helpful for me to discuss the differing struggles that myself and others face in order to see that though the specific sin struggle varies, the human condition does not. It’s also helped others to better understand homosexuality and see it through the lens of scripture and as another sin that one can fall into rather than something completely foreign. Too much of an emphasis on same sex attraction, in my experience, can nearly glorify the sin and make the struggler feel like more of an alien than what comes with it anyway. It’s also an easy way to continue holding on to the identity that’s rooted in sin rather than in Christ for those that are prone to that type of thing.
What advice would you provide for people who are dealing with sexual identity problems and are thinking about pursuing a homosexual lifestyle?
I would say that if someone is seriously considering entering into an unrepentant state, they need to be questioning if they do in fact belong to the Lord or if they’re actually already unrepentant. It’s very normal, because of the fall, for believers to think on sin and to wrestle with the thoughts that can entice us, but deliberately choosing to walk in and remain in rebellion to God is a very serious matter and is not the fruit of a regenerate person. Experiencing an inclination towards sin proves you’re human; it doesn’t give one a license to sin and the believer won’t take it as one.
Other than the Bible, what resource (book, article, or sermon) has helped you think biblically about the homosexual agenda in our nation?
Rosaria Butterfield has probably been my greatest influence regarding understanding sexuality and identity thus far. Her books, articles, and videos have been very helpful to me personally. I’ve actually recently been hearing and reading Kevin DeYoung regarding homosexuality and our culture, and he articulates it wonderfully. Listening to Al Mohler on The Briefing daily has also been instrumental in helping me to understanding the sexual revolution and how our world is moving forward into it in both blatant and more subtle ways.
How prevalent is pornography in the homosexual community and what would be your advice for people who find themselves trapped by the pornography industry?
I can only answer this one from my own experience in my life and that of those whom I’ve spoken with in the LGBT. From what I can discern, porn is unfortunately rampant across all groups of people presently. I used to watch it and knew many others that did also. I also know that it, like heterosexual porn, is available in ridiculous quantities. For those struggling with porn, like those battling any sin, it’s important not to elevate or diminish it. Yes, it is a deplorable sin that God will not overlook. He’s either dealt with it at the cross or will do so in eternity. But no, it is not a sin or a sin struggle that the Lord cannot enable the believer to overcome and even use it for His glory and the good of the user. Accountability with this sin is a huge benefit to the one wrestling it whether that be believing friends, Covenant Eyes, a browser that filters through explicit content, or all of the above. As with all sin, the fight is real and though we will fall, He will sustain and keep His people to the end.
Often times you hear people who are former alcoholics consistently referring to themselves as former alcoholics as their mark or identity. Is it helpful to consider yourself a former homosexual as your true identity in life?
I can see no reason that one would label themselves by any sin struggle, past or present. If I’m speaking to someone about sin and specific struggles, I’ll be open about my battle with same sex attraction, but I’m not going to use it as a modifier for my place in Christ. Biblically, in Corinthians specifically, we see that Paul while carried along by the Holy Spirit said “As were some of you” regarding those who were practicing homosexuality. He also tells us that we’re new creations in Christ, that the old has passed away, etc. Part of growth and sanctification is that we’re no longer fixating on our sin but on the finished work of Christ. We will see our shortcomings daily and everyday, we’ll look to Jesus instead of ourselves. We’ll fight and mourn our flesh but cling tightly to the promises of God and put off the old self in exchange for the new one.
If you could speak to all evangelical preachers, what advice would you give to them regarding their preaching ministry and the need to reach out to people struggling with sexual identity and the sin of homosexuality?
It sounds simple but I’d encourage pastors to holdfast to a biblical worldview when dealing with the sin of homosexuality from the pulpit and personally with those who are battling it. Faithful pastors will discuss homosexuality in the same way that they discuss sexual immorality among heterosexual couples. They won’t cower back from it, but they won’t elevate it to being so heinous and unknown that those who are in it are beyond the hand of God should He draw them. In the same way that pastors and those they’re shepherding should reach out to the lost battling alcoholism or pride, we must attempt to reconcile those practicing homosexuality to Christ knowing He gives the growth if He chooses to. Remembering that if not for the grace of God we would all be practicing every single kind of wickedness ought to drive us to push past our discomfort and into loving our neighbors with truth. As bothered as we are by the sins we don’t understand, the sins that we coddle are far more grotesque to God, yet He loves us still.
If you could talk to law makers and politicians, what advice would you give to them as they continue to embrace and further the homosexual agenda in our nation?
I would proclaim the gospel to them firstly and explain that like all those who have yet to be born again, they stand in rebellion to a holy God who will not overlook their sin. I’d plead with them to reason within themselves concerning creation, the clearly intended design, given our anatomy if nothing else, and the unignorable Creator who will hold all of humanity accountable for every word and deed.
Apart from the Lord opening their eyes to see His glory though, they’re unlikely to view the “homosexual agenda” as a bad thing. Without a biblical worldview, this is another civil rights matter and we would truly be on the wrong side of history. I remember believing that in standing up for the LGBT I was standing for the underdogs, and I saw that as noble. Apart from the God of the Bible and a right understanding of sin and sexuality, telling people that their desires are wrong and that they must stop doing them, especially because they don’t cause physical harm to another person, would make us actually bigoted. Remembering the ideals I held for so long allow me to pity those who are under this strong delusion rather than to be angry with them. Their hearts are darkened. They truly do believe that sexual orientation is as much of one’s personhood as race or gender and unless He grants them sight for spiritual matters, they’ll continue in that understanding. I pray for those who are blinded by all sin but this sin in particular because so many believers view them, and not the spirit that leads them, as the enemies. May we look at those propagating the homosexual agenda as broken, fallen people who are in need of a Savior and are attempting to find peace and happiness apart from Him like we all once were.
Is submission to Christ and submission to your husband (the idea of complementarianism) belittling or oppressive to women?
Submission to one’s husband is God’s design for wives as it’s His design for husbands to love their wives like Christ loves the church and gave Himself up for her. Scripture makes it very clear that wives are coheirs with their husband of His grace and that both bear His image and are therefore equal in value and in worth. Contrary to my previously held ideals and those held by so many today, gender has significance. Gender is assigned by God and the roles prescribed to each are as well. As the Creator, God knows how His creations best function and has lovingly provided a system for us in which we can best operate (and be sanctified if you’re like me and meekness doesn’t come at all natural to you) and model His gospel to the world. Like Jesus to His Father, wives are to humbly submit in all things to their husbands. Like Christ to His bride, the church, husbands are to sacrificially love, pursue, and nourish their wives. Before becoming a believer, complementarianism was preposterous. I didn’t understand that it wasn’t because I lacked worth but was instead because I had worth that God intended me as a helpmate to a husband who was to love and provide for me. I feel not belittled but made much of understanding that I’ve been given protection, security, and unconditional love from both the Lord who saved me and the husband He ordained for me.
Recently I came across the photo on the left and did a double take. The girl in that photo, with her hollow eyes and hopeless heart, no longer bears any resemblance to me. She was dead in her sin (Eph. 2:1). (To be clear, I am not saying everyone who looks like the girl on the left is dead in sin, or that everyone who looks like the girl on the right is not. Spiritual reality runs far deeper.)
I was always the type to push boundaries. Even as a child, I never really had a moderate pace. I tried everything once but most things at least twice for my own curiosity. Growing up in a small town, there wasn’t much to do, and I acted out often. In high school, I met my need for attention by constantly “going against the grain,” but in a way that maintained my popularity. I partied, slept around, and by 15 I came out as a lesbian to some friends.
By the time I was a young adult, I fully embraced the LGBT label. I cut my hair short, wore boy clothes, and used men’s bathrooms and dressing rooms. I enjoyed the thrill of doing and being what was outside the norm—trying harder drugs, exploring even more taboo sexual acts, and getting a couple of regrettable tattoos.
By 22, I had settled down a little. Shock value, though still something I enjoyed, was a lower priority. While still smoking weed and having sex with women, I maintained an outward appearance of morality. I considered myself a good person; I worked full-time, loved my friends, and usually balanced my budget. Family relationships were improving, and I was finally attempting to lead a relatively respectable life.
In March 2014, a group of coworkers started a Bible study and invited me to join. Because my aunt was part of the group, I agreed to participate. I actually considered myself a Christian at that point, though I had no desire to read God’s Word, let alone conform my life to his will. I told myself that at the first mention of my “lifestyle” I’d quit the study, and I felt pretty confident that moment would come.
The book we studied was on the attributes of God. For the first time I was confronted by the justice, holiness, and sovereignty of God. The more I read and understood, the bigger God became and the smaller I felt. I knew what the Bible said about homosexuality and other things, but I hadn’t cared before. I had little understanding of the God I was sinning against.
This study was slowly shifting my perspective. I would catch myself, just before falling asleep, questioning who I was and why I made these choices. I asked myself, Am I sure that gay behavior is as much of my identity as my gender or my race? But I’d wake up and laugh and say, Of course you can embrace your homosexuality—that’s who you are! It felt like I was almost convincing myself it was okay to continue on that way.
Two weeks later, a friend (also a lesbian) waited for me at my apartment after work to smoke marijuana and hang out as usual. After we smoked, I asked her, “What if they’re right?” She knew I was doing the study and understood immediately what I meant and said, “I don’t want to talk about it.” I pushed further. “We have to. If this is true, we need to talk now and not later.” She left soon after, so I picked up my book and read.
That evening, I read a chapter describing a “salad bar religion,” where you pick and choose parts of different religions, combine them into one, and call that your belief system. The book made clear that such an approach isn’t following Jesus at all; that’s following yourself and calling it some other name. I realized I was doing just that. I believed the parts of the Bible that suited me but rejected the parts that didn’t. His Word wasn’t my guide or a light to my path; I merely claimed Christianity because I had grown up in the South and prayed occasionally.
This realization was like being struck by lightning. I searched for verses on homosexuality and found 1 Corinthians 6:9–10. I’d read these and other verses like them before. I’d argued against them to those who opposed me, but suddenly I could no longer argue. It was clear. I was in the “will not enter the kingdom of God” lineup. I was lost, wretched, and blatantly opposed to him. But the next verse said, “And such were some of you” (1 Cor. 6:11). Clearly, the Lord could save me. He’d extended his hand to me, the worst of sinners (1 Tim. 1:15). I grasped his hand by faith, and I felt overwhelmingly awful and grateful. Although I’d ignored him and lived foolishly, he showed me mercy when I deserved nothing but justice.
My whole life changed that day. Homosexual practice and drug use were my most obvious sins, but there are many others he revealed and—continues to reveal—to me. I still battle same-sex attraction, pride, anger, and a slew of sins, but I trust he’ll complete the work he’s begun (Phil. 1:6). He’s also allowed me to be a wife, and one day, Lord willing, a mother. Two months ago—on the two-year anniversary of my conversion—I married the most Christlike man I’ve ever known.
The Lord has been so gracious to me. I’m grateful that he opened my eyes and saved me from the temporal and eternal consequences of my sins. He takes the worst of the worst and redeems them for his glory.
Our main print-edition of English language / newspaper's title and news-organization (parent media-group institution) is duly approved / Verified (2013) & Registered (2014) with " Registrar of Newspapers for India (R.N.I.) - Ministry of Information & Broadcasting , Government of India "
It would be an understatement to say that since Poppy and Ada came along, a lot has changed. The girls are 15 & 16 months old now (I know, what) and, until a few weeks ago, in that time I (Jo) could count on one finger the amount of haircuts I had managed to have. It’s really not easy to find any baby-free time during the week and at the weekends we would much rather be hanging out with the family than disappearing to have our tresses trimmed. It’s tricky.
We were therefore intrigued when an invitation from Number Three hairdressers in Bath appeared in our inbox to come and try out their Mama Club. The idea, they said, was to bring the girls along to the appointment. We’d been a few times to Number Three in the past and loved it but couldn’t imagine how our boisterous toddlers were going to be compatible with their stylish, relaxing salon. The concern only deepened when we rocked up at 11am with two girls who had skipped their morning nap and were ripe for a whinge.
We needn’t have worried. Number Three have really thought this one through and have a whole private floor dedicated to the Mamas. There’s no pressure, no rush, and no need to worry about disturbing anyone as you are neatly tucked away on the top floor. We parked up our prams in the space provided and ascended the stairs!
The top floor is split between two gorgeous rooms with the first containing a kitchen area complete with bottle making and sterlising facilities, as well as what every parent needs, coffee on tap. We were then led through to the private salon area, which is perfectly geared up for Mums and their tots. Poppy and Ada were very happy indeed as it had toys, space to run around and biscuits. Lots of biscuits. And we were happy as it had lots of lovely comfy chairs for feeding, coffee and biscuits. Lots of biscuits.
Once the girls were nicely occupied, we robed up and sat in our chairs. For once, it wasn’t awful staring into the hairdresser’s mirror as instead of looking at our sleepy faces, we could instead keep an eye on our two trouble makers. Despite their lack of sleep, they were pretty angelic and it was really, really cute to watch them play. On the occasions they did need us, we were free to go to them without feeling awkward and both girls spent time sitting on our laps during the cut without our stylists batting so much as an eyelid.
It was actually all rather fun and at the end we both had lovely new dos! I just had mine tidied up but Victoria went for a proper chop and looked thoroughly gorgeous as a result. We skipped off for lunch (after saying hello to a very small baby arriving with his Mama for their appointment), agreeing that Number Three have really nailed it. Local Mums have got a real treat in store and we hope word spreads as to how great a service this is.
This entry was posted in Bristol, Hair, Poppy and Ada and tagged Bath, Bristol, Hair, Hairdressers, No3 by She and Hem. Bookmark the permalink.
Archives Select Month October 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013
All content and images are the property of She and Hem unless otherwise stated. If you would like to use any of our images please email us at sheandhemblog@googlemail.com and credit to She and Hem.
A couple of weekends ago we attended the 10th birthday celebrations of Soma, a contemporary art gallery and shop situated in one of Bristol’s prettiest suburbs, Clifton Village. We’ve always been big Soma fans, often popping in for a quick Tatty Devine fix during our lunch breaks, so we were more than happy to pop on our party hats, grab a cupcake and join the celebrations!
To rejoice in reaching the grand old age of 10, Soma invited 10 artists – Andy Smith, Adam Bridgland with Lucy Gough, Graham Carter, Gemma Correll, Crispin Finn, Hello Marine, Alice Pattullo, Peskimo, Hazel Nicholls and Spencer Wilson to each create a special limited edition print. We can confirm they are all pretty jazzy, but if you don’t believe us you can view the prints here.
Pink Colour Lovely Main Sowing Household Dormitory Modern Concise Student Direct Seeding Game gaming Chair office furniture
Hot selling fashion simple hanging bedside desk lazy PC desk household storage desk home office desk furniture
House Household To Work comfort seat covers Office furniture leather gaming Chair Game Lie Leisure Time Competition Recommend
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3DM50 is a microcontroller based dot matrix display device for lifts. It can be assembled either to the car or to a level. It can present floor markings, direction arrows and indicators. It accepts a wide range of nominal supply voltages, because it is equipped with a high efficiency switched mode power supply. 3-tone gong sound generator produces different sound depending on direction. Advanced digital filtering enhances robustness in poor signal quality environments.
Free Frogger games for everybody! - Help the frog avoid obstacles and get to the other side of the river!
The final entry deadline is 8:59 a.m.. on August 16.. Frogger Prize and Drawing Schedule.. The Iowa Lottery will hold 7 drawings this summer, .. Free Frogger Fun Game.
Frogger strikes back!The .. the controls are too difficult and unresponsive.. fix the controls and you might have a good frogger game.. .. Free Galatic .
Look no further.. All levels of Frogger.. 100% free.. .. Frogger.. Frogger is a classic game and were thrilled to present to you Frogger online.
Frogger is a classic arcade game from the 80's, play Frogger online and learn about the game on Frogger.net. a363e5b4ee
Find out information on trade shows, conferences, trade fairs, events & exhibitions to be held in Chicago.
Coal Power Plant Fundamentals would cover basic engineering concepts, operating principles and general overview of power plant layout.
The 7th Annual Sloan Consortium Blended Learning Conference and Workshop is a premier conference dedicated to the purposeful, strategic and comprehensive approach to blended teaching and learning.
Introduction to International Tax 2010 aims to help international tax practitioner to further assists companies with operations abroad to decrease corporate taxes on foreign earnings.
FIN 48 will be a seminar that will emphasize on the theoretical and practical aspects of FIN 48 tax disclosures.
North America CACS is world’s leading conference for IT audit, security, and governance professionals.
SIAM Conference on Imaging Science is a premier conference based on mathematical and bio-medical aspects of imaging.
The NSBA Annual Conference will help the participants to find solutions, demonstrate accountability, and work together to improve student achievement.
Current Practice of Vascular Ultrasound 2010 is a premier conference focused on exploring all the most up to date practices in vascular ultrasound.
Current Psychiatry/AACP Meeting on “Mood and Anxiety Disorders: Solving Clinical Challenges, Improving Patient Care” intends to gather together clinical practitioners and academicians to improve care of patients with psychiatric illness by emphasizing on practical knowledge.
The 12th North American Supply Chain Technology Forum will be a leading meeting for the supply chain technology decision makers.
Latino Social Workers Organization Conference 2010 is the foremost event devoted to the Latino community in Chicago.
Aging in America is the largest forum that will gather professionals of diverse multidisciplinary community from the fields of healthcare, aging, and education.
Sustainable Packaging Summit 2010 will provide you the way to start integrating sustainable packaging solutions into any organization, while improving the bottom line.
The Real-Time & Embedded Computing Conference 2010 is designed for people developing time critical applications and computer systems related to numerous industries, including industrial control, instrumentation, data communication and telephony, military and aerospace, consumer electronics, medical instrumentation, vehicular control and maintenance, image processing, process control, embedded appliances and many others.
Financing High Speed Rail USA summit is the most significant event that will gather the financial and the rail industry together at one place to examine the critical important challenges in financing high speed railway, and the specific funding models that can be utilized.
Fourth International Conference on Design Principles and Practices is a premier conference that will intend to highlight a number of key central themes relating the design today.
The 9th Annual Negotiating and Drafting Major Business Agreements is a premier gathering for corporate executives, investment bankers, lawyers and financers, in the country.
18th Annual National Workers' Compensation and Disability Conference & Expo is a leading event in USA for anyone involved in the workers' comp and disability management industries.
Construction Expo – Chicago an excellent business-to-business event for the construction industry in USA.
Meetings Quest Chicago is one of the most celebrated and premier trade event for hospitality and event management industries in the United States.
ATIA 2009 Chicago will bring up the manufacturers, sellers and providers of technology-based assistive devices and services in one place.
Disclaimer : The content on Trade shows/Exhibitions/Conferences given on this site is informative in nature and has been gathered from various sources. We do not hold any responsibility of miscommunication or misinformation regarding the venue / date etc of the Trade show / Exhibitions/Conferences mentioned here. Kindly confirm the dates / venue etc of the Trade Fairs / Exhibitions/ Conferences from the relevant authorities for last minute changes.
Sports Goods & Equipment Trade Shows in Dalian - Sports Goods & Equipment Trade Fairs, Conferences, Events & Business Exhibitions in Dalian.
Find out comprehensive information on Sports Goods & Equipment trade shows, trade fairs, conferences, events & business exhibitions to be held in Dalian.
Transport 2011 is one of the biggest trade fairs in the field of transportation in Norway. This year the event will narrow down its focus on the aspects of environment, logistics, public transport and RFID. It will give special importance on the local market along with the increase in the industry standards and condition. The fair will also work towards meeting the demands for getting the best engine technology and lower emissions. The exhibitors will get an excellent opportunity to showcase their products and services to the target trade visitors and potential buyers. Transport 2011 will be an unmatched place for the participants to make stronger existing relations, establish new ones and strengthen their brand image in the market.
Oils+Fats 2013 Munich Trade Fair - Trade Fair & Exhibition for the Technology & Trade of Oils & Fats Munich Germany 2013
Oils+Fats 2013 is an important trade event dedicated to the oil & fat sector. This event will display the ingredients and equipments that are required to produce oil. The show would also consist of product presentations and conference sessions on important features associated with the sector. Exhibitors attending the fair would be able to initiate business transactions and explore the networking opportunities available in the region. International Trade Fair for the Technology & Trade of Oils & Fats 2013 is the best chance to meet with industry experts, talk about bio-fuel sector, analyze latest trendz, innovations and technologies.
Shipping Trade Shows in Perth - Shipping Trade Fairs, Conferences, Events & Business Exhibitions in Perth.
Find out comprehensive information on Shipping trade shows, trade fairs, conferences, events & business exhibitions to be held in Perth.
Qualific 2011 Porto Trade Show - Education, Training, Youth and Employment Exhibition & Trade Fair Porto Portugal 2011
Qualific 2011 is one of the significant events devoted to education sector in Porto. The expo is aimed at providing education and training opportunities to job seekers. The exhibitors will get a chance to interact directly with the target audience. The fair will draw the attention of students, trainers, educators, teachers, general public and professionals from the concerned sector. Education, Training, Youth and Employment Exhibition will be an ideal platform for students and job seekers who are keenly interested to build up their careers.
Find out information on major rubber trade shows, fairs, expo, exhibitions & trade events organized around the world.
Find out information on major rubber trade shows, fairs, expo, exhibitions & trade events organized around the world. These rubber industry fairs offer a perfect platform to display latest advances in the field of rubber products. Find out information on organizers, exhibitors & participants of major rubber exhibitions & expositions happening across the globe.
World Rubber Congress 2009 - The 3rd International Exhibition & Conference on the Global Rubber & Tyre Industry - is being held at Bangkok Marriott Resort & Spa, Bangkok.
The 6th China International Tire Cyclic Utilization Expo 2009 is a distinguished trade show in China, organized by prominent Zhongrong Shanghui (Beijing) International Exhibition Co.
Logistics Trade Shows in Sharjah - Logistics Trade Fairs, Conferences, Events & Business Exhibitions in Sharjah.
Find out comprehensive information on Logistics trade shows, trade fairs, conferences, events & business exhibitions to be held in Sharjah.
Gulf Maritime 2011 is the biggest trade event with unique focus on the regional marine industry in United Arab Emirates.
Here you can find the most popular and eligible Advertising Agents providers for trade fairs, events and exhibitions in Colombo.
4th World Tea Coffee Expo Mumbai concludes successfully; attracts 3400+ targeted business visitors from India & abroad
For immediate release Transforming African economies through Pension Funds and Alternative Investments. Mauritius, February 2017
Are you planning a family vacation trip? Perhaps your family would enjoy a travel trailer rental trip to Yellowstone National Park. Or maybe your company needs a temporary office trailer rental for disaster response handling or you are heading on a winter trip to the mountains with your snowmobiles then don’t worry, trailer hire in Montana will solve all of your hauling needs.
Occasionally situations arise where you or your company will need a rental trailer in Montana to move goods or equipment from town to town, across the state or country. There are many good reasons why hiring a trailer in Montana is the sensible option.
In tough economic times, rather than hiring professional home movers it’s best to save money and use a enclosed trailer rental to easily get your furniture to its new location, or a equipment trailer rental to get machinery to your a construction site, or your food retail business needs a hot dog concession trailer rental to sell food at a local public event. These scenarios shouldn’t result in any headaches as there are many trailers for rent in Montana.
Cost Effective – Avoid the financial stress of saving a large amount of money to buy a new trailer which may only get used once or twice. Also don’t forget the longer term costs of owning a trailer, such as insurance, tires and maintenance. Pay the trailer rental costs, collect it and haul away, and when done return the hire trailer.
Convenience – Collect the rental trailer when you need it and then take it back when you’re done. If you need a cargo trailer to move home, the larger hire firms will offer one-way trailer hire, for a small extra fee.
Flexibility – Every time you need a trailer hire, get the type of trailer that’s most suitable for the hauling job. When you’re done it will only have cost pennies per mile, which is much better value for money than buying a trailer.
Time – Most trailer hire bookings can be done over the internet or telephone, which takes less than 10 minutes.
Always ensure that the vehicle that you’re using is suitable for the load that you intend to tow before booking the trailer rental. If you’re unsure please check your owners manual for the tow vehicle. Also make sure it’s features with the correct type of hitch, but most trailers will just need a standard ball hitch. However, larger trailers, such as livestock trailer rentals, may need a fifth-wheel hook-up. When renting a big trailer you can always ask what hookup is needed when making the reservation.
We have several advertising packages for dealers priced according to the number of trailers you need to sell.
Professional photos of your little ones are wonderful and beautiful. They are also expensive depending on your budget, and not something that you would pay to have done as often as you might like to document your baby’s growth! Instead, to capture your little one on a more frequent basis, try this formula for an easy and professional looking photo setup. It gives you creative freedom while still being inexpensive and quick to pull together with a baby waiting not-so-patiently in the wings.
This can be found in most big-box stores in the craft or school supply section, at craft stores and also in art supply stores. You will be using this board to drape fabric over for your backdrop so make sure it is large.
You can grab a different backdrop for each photo shoot that you set up. Use receiving blankets that have a fun pattern, a quilt, large swaddle blankets, or pick up a half a yard of some inexpensive fabrics at the craft store.
Choose something in a solid color to spread on the ground for your baby to lay on. A fuzzy rug or blanket works great. You can even use a solid piece of fleece or other fabric that is cut small enough to be easy for you to work with.
Photograph baby close enough to crop out any areas where the blanket or poster board end, so all you see is baby and pattern/color!
The final result is a professional looking shot that focuses on the beauty of your baby! Candid shots around the house are wonderful, but this gives you great material for picture frames, holiday cards, and gifts for Grandma and Grandpa! Have fun with choosing different types of backdrops that coordinate with your baby’s outfit! Set it up while baby is napping, then lay her down on the rug when she wakes up and photograph away!
I welcome you all to my eclectic world of art and music. I hope to share with you everything that I consider worth spreading, hoping it will please visitors to this blog. egroj
Order a Hewlett Packard 0957-2094. Same-day shipping of this 32vdc & 15vdc 940ma - BPA-8040WW with a 30-day guarantee.
We can ship the Hewlett Packard 0957-2094 out today for orders placed before noon Pacific time. Utmost care is taken with every part we ship. Whether new, refurbished, pre-owned, or used, each part is inspected, cleaned, and thoroughly tested where possible. All products include our 30 day DOA replacement warranty.
I am wondering if the troubles with other units has to do with the keyboard issues you experience. I have a RGB keyboard that it works after boot but UBoot doesnt recognize and I get error in the USB stack. I want to get a good mechanical keyboard but am concerned about dropping the coin to find it doesn't work.
The keyboard I now have is a nice RGB mechanical style. And what makes it neat is the keyboard is quite thin so supposed to be one of the thinnest mechnical RGB keyboards out there. So it is low profile yet have nice clickidy clackidy keys most buy a mechanical keyboard for.
It seems to work best on motherboard usb ports and the bottom row or one up. Never have issues with it there. X5K boots fine every time with it already connected.
If I use top of just one row down usb ports, it sometimes work and other times does not. Hit and miss.
Guessing it is power hungry and certain usb ports seem better than others? Guessing but so far this keyboard has served me well.
Ok, initially when I tried different USB ports in the back I kept the KB and mouse on the top 2 and just moved the drive to all the others. Today I put the KB and mouse on the bottom ports and the drive on the top and didn't have any power issues.
Best I got is it can see the CD when direct connected to a rear USB port but once the CD starts spinning at full speed ripping a CD as example in Adripper, I get a USB dialog that not enough power.
So I connected a USB A to B cable from the back of teh X5K to my HP Omen 32" display that has a built in hub and I connect the new DVD to it. It then worked.
Adripper does not like CD changes so after each CD I have to go in and adjust preference for what DVD unit it is on USB0, then USB 1, etc.... Quirky but works.
Have you tried doing the same keyboard, mouse, and usb drive setup on the 1222 and get the same issue?
wlemonds wrote: Have you tried doing the same keyboard, mouse, and usb drive setup on the 1222 and get the same issue?
Sorry I have not. Must admit my Tabor has been dormant for a bit and I am using its display elsewhere.
Pew / Internet published a report looking into aspects of blogging. It is a US centred report, though it is likely that the UK would produce similar results. The data was gathered via telephone interviews, of those who had identified themselves as keeping a blog.
Of the data of interest, some 37% said that they were blogging about “life and experiences” – i.e. the diary type blog. Education was only mentioned by a few people – though I suppose that some educational bloggers would have fallen into the 5% who had business focussed blogs. US bloggers, at least, are generally younger than the online community as a whole (more than half the bloggers are under 30 as compared to 20% under 30 in the online community)
Some 52% are blogging primarily for themselves, as opposed to the 32% who blog mainly for their audience. Some 87% allow comments, though only 18% (knowingly) offer an RSS feed. The survey didn’t show if the number of comments (and commenters) was impacted by the presence or absence of an RSS feed, though clearly that would be useful information if we are looking at blogs as a means of community development.
While some 56% of bloggers said that they “Often/Sometimes” spend extra time trying to verify facts and about the same % include links to the original source material, given that many of this group of bloggers were personal, rather than work related bloggers, I’d like to think that students who blog – or rather “Edu-blog” would be more likely to verify facts and link to sources, in the same way as they should for other assessed work.
In today's economic climate, people are working hard to make their dollars go farther. Not only are drivers holding onto their vehicles longer, they're also looking to improve fuel efficiency to get the most gas mileage out of every gallon of gas. You can do both by following a few simple tips:
Ever looked at the bottom of your shoes and noticed that one area of the sole is more worn than another? The way you walk causes a wear pattern to occur as you put more weight on certain areas of your feet. The same thing happens with your car. Just imagine your tires are the shoe soles of the car.
Let's face the facts, car maintenance isn't usually a favorite pursuit for the majority of car owners. But regular maintenance is vital to keeping your car running smoothly and avoiding unnecessary repairs that crop up if you let scheduled services pass you by.
Many modern automobiles are so refined that you can hardly hear their engines anymore, but don’t be lulled into complacency—there’s still a combustion cycle taking place under the hood, and catastrophic overheating remains a remote possibility. That’s why you should periodically check your vehicle’s temperature gauge while driving.
It’s easier than ever to keep your car running smoothly for thousands of miles. If your vehicle has less than 50,000 miles on it today, chances are it still has 75 percent of its driving life ahead of it. That’s good news if you’re like the majority of Americans who are holding onto their vehicles longer that ever before.
Program, Content, Page Layout, and CMR EasyNews Programming © by Top Auto Website, a CMR, Inc program
I am Jolly. I am 20 year old and study Hindi literature at the Jesus and Mary College in Delhi University.
This is where I live. You must not have heard of Sant Nagar in Delhi, have you? We moved in to the unauthorised settlement in 1986 in the search of a livelihood. After a lot of searching, my father joined as a cook at the a Pastor’s college with just Rs 3000 a month.
Rs 3000 (30 pounds, 48 dollars) between six people!It wasn't an easy life till my brother Rocky got a job as the youth mentor in Magic Bus.
This is my brother, Rocky. He inspired me to join Magic Bus. Actually, my left eye is dysfunctional since birth so I was sceptical whether I could go any further in sports. He encouraged me. 'It doesn't matter', he said, 'You just need to believe that in yourself.' Those words never left me in all these years.
Little did I anticipate what I was signing up for! I was a shy kid, afraid of making friends. Magic Bus changed it all. Through the journey, I came to know that I had the makings of a leader. I also understood that education is all I need to succeed in life.
When I was selected by the Equal Opportunities Cell of my college to participate in a 10-day-long conference at the King’s College, London, I was elated. The conference was on how to make education systems inclusive - something that I have felt all along in my life.In London, I saw myself speaking to a crowd for the first time, all nervousness forgotten.
I am a community youth leader with Magic Bus, now. I think all of us who live in dire poverty, or with disabilities have a possibility of discovering our own potentials, our own dreams. And that magical moment comes, when you've a mentor around - a mentor who believes in you and encourages you to believe in yourself.
I believe girls can make a difference to themselves and the world around if they are given the chance to get educated.
18-year-old Ruby’s voice breaks into a wry smile when she thinks about her life before Magic Bus. Ruby is Magic Bus’ Community Youth Leader from Bhalaswa. Bhalaswa is a 15-year-old settlement which was formed after an eviction drive that pushed thousands of inhabitants to this slum cluster in west Delhi. Ruby’s family moved to Bhalaswa from Nizamuddin under similar circumstances. Their financial struggles worsened after they moved there since her father could not find suitable employment opportunities.
Poverty is often cited as a reason why parents want their girls to get married at an early age. The reasoning is simple, "What could she do even if she got an education?"
Such was the situation that faced Ruby. "Girls from my community were either married, or searching for grooms to get married. I was supposed to follow suit. I was in VII standard and at that moment I didn’t think I could study any further", she recounts.
Four years ago, Magic Bus’ youth mentor spotted Ruby during a home-to-home survey. She came across as a cheerful yet determined girl who dreamt of becoming a police officer one day. Her father works as daily wage labourer. He is barely able to eke out a living for his family with a monthly income of just Rs.7000.
Ruby has three sisters and a brother. The threat of being married off as a child lurked in the minds of all her sisters. "When Mahadev bhaiya (youth mentor with Magic Bus) came to our house to convince us to join Magic Bus, my father disagreed. He believed that it was not okay for a girl to play – what would she do by learning how to play kabaddi and football", Ruby adds laughingly, "Also, he wasn’t sure if it would be safe at all".
After frequent interactions with Mahadev, and a visit to the sessions, Ruby’s father was finally convinced that her children would benefit from the programme. At the same time, he started believing that his daughters could progress further with education and they did not need to get married early. Thus, Ruby is now in the twelfth standard and has joined the computer classes at the Magic Bus’ Connect Center at Badli.
"The happiest moment in my life?" Ruby pauses on the question as she wades through her memories to choose the moment most dear to her. "The happiest moment in my life is when my father agreed that I could go back to school; I needn’t get married. My dreams suddenly seemed real", her voice brightens up with suppressed excitement.
After being a proactive participant in all the Magic Bus initiatives in her community, Ruby has now graduated to become a community youth leader (CYL) at Magic Bus. However, her journey as a CYL has not been an easy one. "Initially, parents would refrain from sending their children to my sessions. Being a girl and from a lower caste takes away a lot of credibility", she explains. Her grit kept her going. She spoke to parents through meetings and even invited them to her sessions.
Today, she has the entire community standing by her and looking up to her as a leader. She uses her influence in the community to spread the message of importance of educating girls and the perils of child marriage. She is now fondly called didi (sister) within her community.
Ruby aspires to become a police officer so as to crease out the rampant discrimination that women face at every step. "We lack role models in our community. I want to break that and be one myself!"
Free a girl from stereotypes and prejudices, and see her bloom into a leader. Meet our Ruby from Bhalaswa – a dreamer, a doer in every sense of the word.
Want to help many more girls like Ruby break out of gender-based stereotypes and realize their aspirations? Donate NOW
“The magic happened 12 years ago when I was introduced to rugby,” says Ravi excitedly. “When I first saw the rugby ball, I thought it was some sort of an inflated egg!” adds Ravin, mischievously.
Meet Ravi, Magic Bus’ energetic, young trainer and a skilled rugby player, for whom sports is not just a hobby, but a way of life.
Ravi belongs to the banjara or the gypsy community. His childhood was spent in a slum in the bylanes of Colaba. His parents were daily wage labourers who worked tirelessly to make ends meet. They have never been to school.
In his words, the ‘turning point’ in his life was his introduction to Magic Bus. Here he played rugby for the first time and fell in love with the game. Such was his liking for rugby that he started taking an hour off on Sundays from work to participate in Magic Bus’ programme. ‘I wanted to involve myself as much as I could.’ With the help of Magic Bus’ youth mentor, he quit his job as a salesman and became the grounds man of the Cross Maidan where Magic Bus’ weekly programme was held. He was paid some money for the same.
Soon his single-minded dedication started reflecting on his performance. He was selected to represent India in the Indo-Pak Beyond Boundaries meet - a meet which also served as a cultural dialogue between the youth from sporting background from both the nations. For the first time in his life, he could step out of his familiar surroundings and meet people his age but from different cultures and socio-economic groups.
Ravi was a key member of Magic Bus’ rugby team, the Magicians, from a very young age. He was also selected represent Maharashtra in the inter-state rugby tournament where his stellar performance won him a berth in the national side. He didn’t have a passport and therefore, could not participate in the match. Like a true sportsman, he refuses to let such disappointments come in his way. Ravi still harbours the dream to play for India in New Zealand one day.
He has dreams for his siblings as well. He doesn’t want them to struggle the way he has. So, when started working with Magic Bus in 2009 in the capacity of a youth mentor, he also began contributing to the family income and ensuring that his siblings complete their schooling.
Today, as Magic Bus Assistant Trainer Ravi reaches out on a weekly basis to nearly 50 children every week. Apart from this he also trains not just youth but even key government officials and teachers in the Sports for Development approach.
You, too, can support a youth like Ravi to break out of poverty and chart a new course in his or her life. DONATE NOW.
Founded in 1999, Magic Bus is a section 25 not-for-profit company that works with children and young people from some of the most marginalised communities in India. Magic Bus has made some meaningful difference to more than 400,000 lives across the country.
Pilelo-Ho is a window into a world where we make efforts to help the children and young people on our programme step out of poverty.
About Rovers North. Family owned by enthusiasts since 1979. Our mission is to offer the highest quality Land Rover Parts and Accessories at the most competitive prices.
We look to satisfy all types of auto consumers so whether you you do it yourself (DIY), have someone do it for you (DIFM) or are a mechanic, we have worked hard to ensure we have a great selection of Wheels for your Land Rover Defender 90.
Land Rover Defender - Find out the correct alloy wheel fitment, PCD, offset and such specs as bolt pattern, thread size(THD), center bore(CB) for all model years of Land Rover Defender. Choose a model year to begin narrowing down the correct tire size
In terms of wheel size, 20 inch Land Rover Defender rims and 22 inch wheels are searched most often on search engines, but 17 inch wheels are the most popular in terms of what people actually buy. FAQs.
Nashua Veterans Day - Veterans Day in Nashua, NH, was a low-key celebration in comparison to observances in other U.S. states and even in other countries. This week, fellow blo...
The MLB draft is the mechanism used to assign North American amateur players from college and high school to an MLB Organiation. The draft order is determined by the prior season's standings and sandwich picks between rounds are determined by free agent signings. Each team is granted a salary cap, depending on their draft positions, for the first 10 rounds to be assigned to signing bonuses.
Draft Main -- Draft Research Application -- Drafts by Year -- Drafts by Team -- Batting Stats View -- Pitching Stats View -- Rule 5 Draft -- Scouts -- About Draft Data -- About Signing Bonus Data
Any 201820172016201520142013201220112010200920082007200620052004200320022001200019991998199719961995199419931992199119901989198819871986198519841983198219811980197919781977197619751974197319721971197019691968196719661965 Any 201820172016201520142013201220112010200920082007200620052004200320022001200019991998199719961995199419931992199119901989198819871986198519841983198219811980197919781977197619751974197319721971197019691968196719661965	 =>=><=< Any 123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778798081828384858687888990919293949596979899100 =>=><=< Drafted	June-Reg Jan-Reg Jan-Sec June-Sec June-SecA June-SecD Aug-Leg Signed UDFA Draft or Signed AnyArizona DiamondbacksAtlanta BravesBaltimore OriolesBoston Red SoxChicago CubsChicago White SoxCincinnati RedsCleveland IndiansColorado RockiesDetroit TigersHouston AstrosKansas City RoyalsLos Angeles AngelsLos Angeles DodgersMiami MarlinsMilwaukee BrewersMinnesota TwinsNew York MetsNew York YankeesOakland AthleticsPhiladelphia PhilliesPittsburgh PiratesSan Diego PadresSan Francisco GiantsSeattle MarinersSt. Louis CardinalsTampa Bay RaysTexas RangersToronto Blue JaysWashington Nationals = >= <= > <	 Any MLB AAA AA A+ A A- Rk Indy College Any College High School Any Active Active-MLB In Minors Any Arizona DiamondbacksAtlanta BravesBaltimore OriolesBoston Red SoxChicago CubsChicago White SoxCincinnati RedsCleveland IndiansColorado RockiesDetroit TigersHouston AstrosKansas City RoyalsLos Angeles AngelsLos Angeles DodgersMiami MarlinsMilwaukee BrewersMinnesota TwinsNew York MetsNew York YankeesOakland AthleticsPhiladelphia PhilliesPittsburgh PiratesSan Diego PadresSan Francisco GiantsSeattle MarinersSt. Louis CardinalsTampa Bay RaysTexas RangersToronto Blue JaysWashington Nationals
Any P Non-P C 1B 2B 3B SS OF IF 2B-SS 1B-3B DH Any P Non-P C 1B 2B 3B SS OF IF 2B-SS 1B-3B DH Any Signed Not Signed Any Sr Jr So Fr 5S NS Any NCAA Div I NCAA Div II NCAA Div III NAIA Jr College High School Any Left Right Switch Any Left Right =>=><=< Any US Canada AFAGAAAUASBMBBBEBGBZBDBHBRCLCHCBCSCUCCCZDKDRECESENFIFRGEGCGRGUGTHTHOIIIOIZIRISITJMJPJRKRLTMXMVMZNTNANZNING--NOPNPHPOPTPRRUSBSMSRSTSGSLSASPSXSWSZTWTHTTUEVZVMVGWLZRABBCMBNBNLNSONPEQCSKALAKAZARCACOCTDCDEFLGAHIIDILINIAKSKYLAMEMDMAMIMNMSMOMTNENVNHNJNMNYNCNDOHOKORPARISCSDTNTXUTVTVAWAWVWIWY Any US Canada AFAGAAAUASBMBBBEBGBZBDBHBRCLCHCBCSCUCCCZDKDRECESENFIFRGEGCGRGUGTHTHOIIIOIZIRISITJMJPJRKRLTMXMVMZNTNANZNING--NOPNPHPOPTPRRUSBSMSRSTSGSLSASPSXSWSZTWTHTTUEVZVMVGWLZRABBCMBNBNLNSONPEQCSKALAKAZARCACOCTDCDEFLGAHIIDILINIAKSKYLAMEMDMAMIMNMSMOMTNENVNHNJNMNYNCNDOHOKORPARISCSDTNTXUTVTVAWAWVWIWY >= <= > <	=	 Any 20172016201520142013201220112010200920082007200620052004200320022001200019991998199719961995199419931992199119901989198819871986198519841983198219811980197919781977197619751974197319721971197019691968196719661965
Tenemos el inmenso placer de anunciaros que el 28 de noviembre, en Sevilla, celebraremos la Becquercon 2015. El último y más gran evento de la serie, lleno de actividades y donde se proyectará Kishar al completo, incluido el esperado episodio final.
Participants under the age of 18 must have an accompanying group leader for a minimum of 10 and a maximum of 15 students.
For every 30 students booked, 1 group leader is free from airport transport, leisure and accomodation costs.
Both courses include: Certificate at the end of the courses, educational material on loan, online placement test
Examples for electives/workshops are: History & Geography, Cooking & Culture, Theatre & Cinema, English for work
Arrival Sunday, departure Saturday – all destinations (except Brighton Residence – departure Friday)
-	Sharing with international students is only available on request. It is easier to offer in high season than in low season
The UC Board of Regents finance committee approved a proposal that will push student fees to over $10,000 next year.
[media-credit id=20110 align=”alignleft” width=”250″] [/media-credit]The committee voted almost unanimously to recommend the 32 percent student fee increase to the full board at its meeting yesterday. If passed by the Regents today, California residents’ education and registration fees will be raised in two stages — from $7,788 to $8,373 by Winter Quarter and to $10,302 from summer 2010 through the following academic year. This fee hike will mark the ninth time in seven years that the UC Regents would have approved an increase in undergraduate tuition fees.
Professional and graduate students face fee hikes in 2010 as well. For academic graduate students, the initial fee increase will be 2.6 percent, followed by a 15 percent jump this summer. Students enrolled in professional schools, depending on program and university, are set for spikes in fees ranging from $280 to $5,696.
By approving the fee hike, the Regents also endorsed UC President Mark Yudof’s proposal to set aside 33 percent of the money generated from the increase to financial aid. Furthermore, the vote boosted the minimum household income required for students to qualify for the Blue and Gold Opportunity Plan — a UC financial aid plan that fully covers the tuition fees of California residents whose families earn less than $60,000 — to $70,000.
According to Nancy Greenstein, the UCLA Police Dept. public information officer, 14 protesters were arrested inside UCLA’s Covel Commons, the site of the board’s meeting. The meeting itself was also halted on three separate occasions in order to eject rowdy groups of students from the premises.
Multiple other administrative ventures — including furloughs, strategic sourcing and energy savings programs — were implemented, Yudof said, before the University turned to students to alleviate the weight of the budget deficit.
“We are being forced to impose a user tax on our students because we have half the amount of money to spend today as we did in 1990,” Yudof said. “The pillars of the California Master Plan are under attack and decay.”
Regent Eddie Island said this is the only time he has ever voted to increase student fees, but the dire state of the University calls for his one-time exception.
“Student fee increases take us in the wrong direction from our core values, but I believe the fee increases are necessary,” Island said.
“It will be difficult, but we have no choice now but to turn to every practical source of revenue and we are going to ask the students to participate. What we’ve done today is try to maintain our existing quality of education.”
However, Student Regent Jesse Bernal — the only person who opposed the fee increase — said students are bearing the brunt of the systemwide budget cuts.
“I think generally, most of you know that I oppose these fee increases,” Bernal said. “Student services are being altogether reduced if not eliminated, despite being the frontline of helping students attain their degrees.”
Moreover, Regent Sherry Lansing said this is the most difficult vote the Regents have ever faced. Lansing also said fees are more likely to be lowered if students and UC officials learn to collaborate with one another.
“Ironically we seem to be fighting each other rather than working together,” Lansing said. “This choice is not our choice. This is something that has been put on us by the legislature and the federal government.”
Almost 50 UC students, workers, faculty and members of the community, on the other hand, expressed their unwavering opposition for the fees during the public comment period of the meeting.
Alejandra Cruz, a third-year UCLA law student, said opponents of the student fee hike are part of a movement that is not prepared to back down, despite the “excuses” offered by board members.
“We have a very specific agenda to democratize our university and maintain it as an excellent public university that doesn’t simply push out and exclude black, Latino and other minority students,” Cruz said. “We will not take this racist inequality that is happening at the [UC]. We will fight and we will win. ¡Si se puede!”
Furthermore, Paul Von Blum, a communication and African American studies professor at UCLA, said his African American students are suffering disproportionally and cannot afford the tuition being proposed.
“[These students] are not statistics, they are human beings,” Von Blum said. “Do not abandon the hearts and souls of the university. Students are our hearts and souls. They are the future of this state.”
After the 40 minute-period allotted for public comment came to a close, attendees demanded that the board allow students to speak to for an additional 20 minutes — the amount of time allotted for public comment on the agenda. Regent Chair Russell Gould eventually gave in to the protesters’ demands, but the crowd continued to chant, disputing Yudof’s opening remarks.
As students cried, “Whose University? Our University!” and, “UC, UC you’re no good, treat your workers like you should,” over 20 UCLA PD officers blocked off the area of the room where the public was seated as the Regents walked out to ensure their safety.
Most of the students exited obediently, but eight others refused to disband — instead standing with bowed heads and hands behind their back, singing “We Shall Overcome Today” — and had to be escorted out of the room.
A new group of 50 students were allowed to enter the conference room over an hour later and another set of five students had to be escorted after refusing to comply with police officers, singing the same tune as the previous group. Audience members raised their fists in solidarity while watching the removal of their peers.
The remaining crowd members remained peaceful until Regent Lansing expressed her empathy for students. The rowdy crowd began to stand on top of their chairs, yelling and cursing at the top of their lungs that they could no longer afford a UC education. The Regents could not deliver their statements over the uproar and left the room once more.
Student Regent Bernal and Jesse Cheng, Bernal’s replacement for the 2010-11 school year, tried in vain to suppress the crowd, but the situation intensified.
“You guys need to get through this, not on our backs because we do it every single quarter,” he said.
The crowd was dispersed by police officers, allowing the Regents to discuss the agenda item of fee increases in peace.
Meanwhile, UCOP Associate Vice President for Planning and Analysis Marsha Kelman said a majority of students will have their fee increase covered by scholarships and grants.
“Blue and Gold sends a clear, simple message to high school students and families that fees are not a barrier to education,” Kelman said. “80 percent of students will have their fee increase covered by financial aid.”
Furthermore, the board approved the UC’s budget for 2010-2011, which seeks an additional $913 million from the state.
“We all have to be realists,” he said. “At the end of the day we can’t talk this problem to death. We just don’t have the money. The University of California just doesn’t have the money.”
DairyCo chairman speaks out about the role of the levy board in supporting the development of a profitable dairy sector
Arla Foods have announced a 2.09ppl (2.5 eurocent/kg) reduction to its on-account price, effective from 5 January 2015. As well as this the company has announced changes to AMCo member’s contracts. The butterfat reconciliation will be reduced from 0.45ppl to 0.01ppl from 1 January 2015, while a three month 0.5ppl reduction in levy will also be implemented from January.
As the good weather continues, grass growth results have shown high rates in some areas this week. You need to clear up this excess grass to avoid taking too much into the winter and effecting grass quality and quantity next spring.
If neither grazing nor deferred grazing is an option, it may be useful to take a silage cut at this stage, but you need to take into account that:
The crop will be wetter. There is a shorter wilting time, due to the short day length. In this respect, cutting now is the equivalent of cutting in March
Much of the country is experiencing good conditions, with plenty of sunshine, favouring silage making and reducing the risk of cutting in September
Ground conditions permitting, spread full width with the mower or ted right up behind the mower. The stomata in the plant closes after about five hours reducing moisture release, so getting it spread straight away exposes more of the grass to the drying wind and sun before it closes
Remember, sugars are not the same as in spring, due to shorter periods of day light. To compensate for this affected on fermentation appropriate additive will be necessary. Also, at this time of year the sugars are pushed down to the roots for root maintenance
High protein levels combined with low sugar levels, also affect fermentation, making the appropriate additive crucial
August and September are peak times for clover fixation and root breakdown releasing nitrogen into the system
Making silage also costs money. So ask yourself: Do you really need it and how are you going to utilise it?
In conclusion, when making autumn silage wilt for as long as you can and cut a clean crop, avoiding crown rust. Make sure you don’t incorporate dead material from the base of the sward, and it is important to use an appropriate additive.
California counsel fight for reinstatement, back pay, and other remedies when employers wrongfully fire you
In California, employees are generally considered “at-will” employees. This means, with some key exceptions, that employers may discharge an employee without a reason and at a moment’s notice. The exceptions are your rights. Most employers cannot discriminate when they fire someone. If there is a written contract between the employee and employer, the contract takes priority. Workers cannot be fired or suffer retaliation for asserting their constitutional and legal rights.
At Stephan Danz & Associated, we hold employers to the requirements of state and federal law. We assert when any of the key exceptions do apply, that the employer rehire the worker immediately, that the worker be compensated for any financial losses, and that the employer pay legal fees and other authorized damages including, when authorized, punitive damages. Our top-rated California wrongful termination lawyers investigate the employer’s records in hiring and firing, examine computer-generated evidence, take statements of supervisors and co-workers, and subpoena relevant witnesses in order to help prove the termination was wrongful.
When a wrongful termination occurs, our Los Angeles California attorneys file claims before the propr local and federal agencies and courts. Some of the various kinds of employment discrimination cases, Stephan Danz & Associates handles are:
Employment Discrimination. The California Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA) and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act along with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA) forbid certain employers from firing someone because of their race, color, place of national origin, gender, sexual identity, or because they have a disability. The number of employees in the company or organization is a key factor in determining which employers must follow these laws. Whether the employer is a government agency or private entity is another factor. Our California wrongful termination lawyers understand which employers must obey which laws. Other laws also prohibit firing based on pregnancy or military service.
Being fired for asserting legal rights. Employers have no right to fire someone who properly files a worker’s compensation claim, requests leave under the Family and Medical Leave Act, complains about OSHA safety violations, or asserts any other legal rights.
Whistleblower retaliation. Various federal and state laws encourage workers to disclose to the government that an employer or contractor is committed fraudulent or illegal acts. The statutes which allow these workers the right to disclose wrongdoing normally also protect workers from retaliation by an employer whose bad conduct was exposed. Employers also do not have the right to fire an employee who refuses to commit an illegal act on behalf of the employer.
Constructive wrongful termination. Often, an employer will try to subtly force an employee to quit by making working conditions insufferable. Employers who deliberately create a hostile environment should be held accountable for this rotten conduct. Our California wrongful firing attorneys work to show the work conditions were intolerable and that the employee did he/she could reasonably do to work around them and properly filed complaints with supervisors and the employer.
Contract violations. Management employees and essential employees often have written contracts that set forth when and how their services can be terminated. When employers fail to honor these contracts, Stephen Danz & Associates has the professional experience and strong advocacy skills to bring a breach of contract lawsuit.
Employers who violate a written contract are obligated to pay the damages that are detailed in the contract. Employees who are fired because of discrimination and other unlawful reasons can be held liable for some or all of the following:
Employers may also be forced to take appropriate steps to put other employees on notice about their rights and to prevent improper firings from happening again.
At the offices of Stephen Danz & Associations, our California wrongful termination lawyers understand when employers can legally fire workers and when they cannot. We win many cases because we do the detail work, know the laws that apply, investigate all the evidence, and make the most persuasive arguments possible.
You worked very hard to get your job and advance in your career. Don’t let an unscrupulous employer take your work life away from you. Please call us at (877)-789-9707 or complete our contact form to schedule a free consultation. We represent wrongfully discharged employees in all major California cities such as Los Angeles, Pasadena, Encino, San Francisco, Sacramento, Santa Rosa, Fresno, Irvine, San Diego, San Bernardino and Simi Valley.
Whether you need preventive, restorative or cosmetic dental care, you will find what you need at Family Dental Associates of KY, PSC. We use state-of-the-art dental technologies to provide our patients with high standards of dental care. Our dental treatments and procedures include the following:
Currently an estimated 35 million American are without teeth. Most are barely able to chew let alone consume a healthy diet. Many are shy in public and never smile or cover their smile with their hand, afraid of the embarrassment caused by a denture slipping out of place. Over half suffer with chronic denture sores and a vast majority resort to messy denture adhesives to keep their dentures in place. Couples are less intimate when one or both are wearing dentures. Hence, conventional denture wearers rarely maintain a general sense of health, well-being, and self-confidence. It is this population that Dr. Peters wants to reach out to and help.
Recent advances in dental implant technology and implant surgical technique have led to minimally invasive and economically reasonable alternatives to conventional removable dentures. The least of which is a denture that snaps onto two or more dental implants, all the way to a dental appliance that is permanently fixed to four or more dental implants.
Gone are the days when implants were only for the wealthy. At a one-on-one complimentary consultation Dr Peters tailors each patient’s treatment plan to fit their specific wants, needs and budget. Using non-technical language Dr. Peters will explain the options available, the steps involved, and the various fees associated with the treatment plan.
Fiesta Shredding is a family owned and operated document destruction and paper shredding company based in Phoenix, AZ since 2003. We understand the crucial nature of the document destruction business, and we have designed our services with your company’s security needs in mind. Our processes, personnel, and performance are all focused on making sure that the “disaster waiting to happen” does not happen to you. Our Fiesta Guarantee: We don’t just recycle, we guarantee destruction.
You have a choice of paper shredding companies in Phoenix, but Fiesta Shredding maintains complete control of your materials from collection until the bales are shipped to a pulping mill. Many other companies hand the shredded materials off to a different recycling company where they are dumped on the ground. That means one more link in the chain of custody - one more potential security risk for your company - and less peace of mind for you. Even our location is secure; it was once an armored car facility! Fiesta Shredding is serious about your document security, and we can guarantee that your information will be completely destroyed.
Fiesta Shredding will provide guaranteed secure document destruction with an emphasis on customer service, customer convenience, honesty and fair business practices.
Located in Phoenix, Arizona, Fiesta Shredding is a licensed and bonded company specializing in secure document destruction, mobile shredding, off site shred services and complete recycling security. We issue Certificate of Destruction for all of our paper shredding services.
San Diego County’s average per person municipal and industrial water use increased by 5 percent, from 133 gallons to 140 gallons on average per day from 2012-2013. Average per person water use increased in all but one water district in San Diego County. Residential water usage also increased since last year, due in part to a second consecutive year of declining annual rainfall.
Departments Find a Degree Continuing Education Global Programs Enrollment and Degrees Awarded Graduate Certificates
Undergraduate Students Graduate Students Future Undergraduate Students Future Graduate Students Online Students
Beyond the classroom, engineering students have the opportunity to be part of many activities and organizations in the College of Engineering. These include student chapters of engineering professional organizations, honor societies, and our Cupola Engineering Society, whose members serve as ambassadors of the college. Students can also participate in high-profile organizations such as our Formula SAE and Baja SAE race teams, concrete canoe, steel bridge and Engineers Without Borders. Many of our students are also members of campus-wide organizations such as the band, choir, and student government.
Alpha Pi Mu was the brainchild of James T. French who in 1949 was a senior industrial engineering student at Georgia Tech. Nine men chosen through their affiliation with the Georgia Tech Chapter of Tau Beta Pi constituted the original membership of Alpha Pi Mu. Alpha Pi Mu is the only nationally accepted industrial engineering honor society. The Georgia Tech engineers who led the initial developmental work wanted an organization to provide a common ground on which their outstanding young engineers could exchange ideas, and to provide experiences which could help their future professional development.
The Society’s mission is to promote the discovery and exchange of knowledge concerning the characteristics of human beings that are applicable to the design of systems and devices of all kinds. The society furthers serious consideration of knowledge about the assignment of appropriate functions for humans and machines, whether people serve as operators, maintainers, or users in the system. And, it advocates systematic use of such knowledge to achieve compatibility in the design of interactive systems of people, machines and environments to ensure their effectiveness, safety and ease of performance.
The INFORMS Student Chapter at Auburn University promotes interest in the fields of Operations Research, Management Science, and Advanced Analytics. It fosters a sense of community among students in these disciplines, and promotes the exchange of ideas, mentoring for students, and connections between students and professionals in industry and academia. Visit our website for information about events: informsatau.wixsite.com/chapter
IISE is dedicated to the support of industrial and systems engineering students at Auburn University by providing communication, education, and leadership opportunities.
Alpha Omega Epsilon is an International Engineering and Technical Sciences Sorority, which is both professional and social. Founded in 1983, Alpha Omega Epsilon promotes friendship, leadership, and professionalism to all members of the Organization and in our community and professions. Please visit auburnaoe.com and alphaomegaepsilon.org for more information.
The ASABE (American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers) student branch at Auburn University is designed to promote the interest and involvement of undergraduate and graduate students (preprofessionals) in the ASABE. The goal of the ASABE is to encourage the advancement of agricultural, biological, food, environmental, and ecological engineering. Agricultural, Food, and Biological Engineers develop efficient, effective, and environmentally sensitive techniques and methods of producing food, fiber, timber, and renewable energy sources for a growing world population. Also, the ASABE is designed to allow students to gain friendships, career opportunities, and public relations. To be a member, one must submit twenty dollars annually to the ASABE. Within the ASABE student branch at Auburn, students will have the opportunity to hold an office for one year. Offices include President, Vice-President, Secretary-Treasurer, E-council and Ag council. Holding an office and being an active member allows a student to develop leadership skills which will be useful in their future career. The Auburn ASABE student branch meets monthly usually in the Tom E. Corley Building to discuss and plan upcoming events while participating in fun team development activities. This society is known internationally, and has many opportunities for students to get involved at Auburn University and with other engineers associated with Biosystems Engineering. During membership of the ASABE, students have an opportunity to be involved in several engineering competitions. Through these competitions, students develop skills such as design, teamwork, and use knowledge obtained through engineering courses. Joining the ASABE would be beneficial to a student while pursuing an undergraduate degree.
Auburn Baja SAE is a student-led organization that designs and constructs an offroad racing car each year in pursuit of a perfect balance of speed, strength, and endurance.
AUFSAE's purpose is to build an open-wheel style race car every year, providing hands on experience to students at Auburn University through engineering design, manufacturing, and business decisions.Each year, the team designs, manufactures, builds, tests, markets, and races an open-wheel style race car similar to that of Formula 1 or IndyCar. This team is tasked with completed three projects this season. The first being a brand new combustion racecar, the second being America's first ever driverless formula racecar, and the third being development of an electric powertrain unit for future chassis implementation.
The purpose of this organization is to build and support the biomedical engineering community in and around Auburn University through professional development and networking for our members; outreach to the community; and a commitment to innovation in the form of active research and invention projects.
The Council Of Engineering Graduate Students was formed in 2012 as a volunteer student organization with the mission to promote the development and enrichment of the graduate student experience within the college.
The mission of the Cupola Engineering Ambassadors is to Promote, Unify and Serve the Samuel Ginn College of Engineering.
We work with international communities and local Auburn organizations to implement engineering projects to ensure the communities we work in can sustainably meet their basic human needs.
ITE's mission is to promote the advancement of the transportation and traffic engineering profession by fostering the close association of students with the profession and our organization. We aim to foster the development of professional spirit and promote common interests among undergraduate and graduate students through our activities. ITE constantly strives to acquaint students with topics of interest in transportation and traffic engineering through competent speakers and chapter-sponsored activities.
The purpose of nsbe is "to increase the number of culturally responsible Black Engineers who excel academically, succeed professionally and positively impact the community."
SHPE is a leading social-technical organization whose primary function is to enhance and achieve the potential of Hispanics in science, technology, math and science.
For more than six decades, SWE has given women engineers a unique place and voice within the engineering industry. Our organization is centered around a passion for our members' success and continues to evolve with the challenges and opportunities reflected in today's exciting engineering and technology specialties. For more information about Auburn's local SWE Chapter, find us on Facebook (Society of Women Engineers (SWE) Auburn University Section).
Space Club is an umbrella organization that encompasses all the clubs on campus funded by the Alabama Space Grant Consortium and focused on space-related competition projects and research. Clubs within Space Club include the NASA Robotic Mining Competition Team, USLI/Student Launch, the NASA Human Exploration Rover Challenge Team, the CANSAT team, and Club Europa. Regardless of your level of experience or major you will find a place in the organization building robots, rockets, rovers, satellites, or doing Space-related research! Within Space Club is a diverse group of dedicated students focused on learning through experience, practicing intentional innovation, and developing year-over-year design improvement. Founded in 2014, the club brings together a group of students from a variety of academic disciplines under one umbrella of design and manufacturing excellence. Designing and creating our various projects allows students the opportunity to see our education in action in a way that many do not see inside the classroom. War Eagle!
The Student Projects and Research Committee (SPARC) is a student lead organization at Auburn University that creates and fosters an environment of creativity and innovation through collaborative projects. No matter their major, students should only need a willingness to learn and grow to participate in an experience that will allow them to test out ideas, integrate concepts learned in class, and learn skills that will be instrumental when working in the workforce. SPARC each semester selects a few projects to work on and dedicates the space and tools of the "makerspace" style SPARC lab to develop those projects.
Tau Beta Pi was founded in 1885 at Lehigh University in Pennsylvania and is the nation's oldest and most prestigious engineering honor society. Tau Beta Pi recognizes the most outstanding engineering students around the nation and gives them a forum to apply their talents to better the world in which they live. Auburn has the oldest chapter in Alabama, and a great deal of history inducting students since 1921. Even brighter than our chapter's past is our future where we strive to maintain the honor and dignity of Tau Beta Pi and use our talents to better the world around us.
TAPPI acts as a liaison between students and members of the pulp and paper industry in order to increase knowledge regarding the industry, provide networking opportunities, and keep students up-to-date with industry developments.
The Theme Park Engineering Group is for those interested in entertainment design and engineering. This can be anything from theme parks to museums, concerts to plays, or even haunted housed to water parks. We have three main goals: 1. Understand the themed entertainment industry in the aspects of engineering, design, construction, and user experience. 2. Highlight little known jobs and companies in the entertainment industry that people would enjoy working for after graduation. 3. Participate in conferences, competitions, projects, and industry tours to build our portfolios and network with professionals.
TLSS is a technical society established to improve networking and knowledge transfer in the field of lubrication, friction, and wear (tribology). We foster education, networking, camaraderie in the tribology field. We organize presentations from industry professionals and researchers, attend STLE National Conferences, participate in research in the Auburn University Tribology lab, and supply members with potential internship/co-op and full time job opportunities.
2 Bedroom house to rent in New Biggin by Sea A recently updated two bedroom house in a central location of New biggin by Sea. The property benefits from a fitted ... Favorites Newbiggin-by-the-Sea 16 Jul 2014 £390
Karatsu Kunchi festival " Enjoy " Japanese calligraphy - This festival began in 1661. Construction began in 1819 for colorful floats. There are a total of 14 decorative floats. They walk through the old tow...
[ list of nursing skills for resume ] | cna skills list for resume memo exle, cna skills resume for 2016 slebusinessresume, nursing resume sle writing guide, nursing skills list resume resume ideas, skills to list on nursing resume annecarolynbird, certified nursing assistant in ny exles, list of nursing skills for resume resume template 2018, nursing resume templates easyjob easyjob, cna skills resume for 2016 slebusinessresume, nursing skills to list on resume resume exles 2017
project coordinator sample resume sample resume government project manager and technical project manager resume sample for create perfect resume ideas project manager sample resume pdf.
project coordinator sample resume resume examples manager it director resume samples project manager sample resume it director resume best of sample resume for construction project manager position.
project coordinator sample resume construction manager sample resume sample resume program manager resume construction project manager sample resume project manager project manager sample resume india.
project coordinator sample resume project manager resume sample also prepossessing sample resume of a software project manager about it project manager sample resume india.
Making this with an old scrap yarn I have. With the right color combo it turn great. This pattern probably be confusing for crochet beginners. But I am sure you can figure it out. This is really a fun project to make. The last time I am using this pattern to make a dishcloth but this time I want to make a pillow case. Will update the pics later.
Marriott Hotels Near Duke University is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
To obtain additional information about any of these counseling services, please email us or give us a call. If you are a new patient and would like to schedule an appointment click here.
This free Lebanon county rx card program is being produced to help all Americans cut their prescription drug costs. Simply download your FREE Lebanon county rx card and receive savings of up to 75% at more than 57,000 national, regional, and local pharmacies. Start Saving Today!
CountyRxCard.com has produced a small informational video commericial. County Commisioners are Helping all patients understanding on how easy it is to use this Lebanon county rx card.
"I just wanted to thank you for the wonderful service you provide to those of us with out prescription insurance. I just left my local pharm..."
Hi, I'm Carol from Singapore. Today I want to share about this mixed media canvas on "Chasing Your Dream". I love this quote from a Korean drama. Have included a video tutorial below.
My friend Michael Hauge has an optimistic understanding of character development: characters don’t change randomly in a story, from a person who liked banking into a person who likes music, or a person with fear to a person with courage. They move gravitationally, towards a fuller expression of their (ignored, forsaken) true self.
When it comes to wheelchairs, and mobility aids in general, it’s fair to say that the conversation can often be negative, particularly when …
As a single, 35 year old fat woman it is safe to say I have my own fair share of experiences with online dating. Thanks …
There are some things that many people take for granted, like having more confidence for example. Some can get up and go anywhere from …
Not to be maudlin, but I love Sylvia Plath. I first read The Bell Jar as a depressed teenage girl, hiding it in my …
Once January is out of the way, it feels like we can’t move without someone gushing over their romantic plans or some magazine …
One of the biggest challenges we came up against at the very beginning of our wedding planning was trying to find the perfect wedding …
Is there any better time of year to be whisked away for a romantic holiday than Valentine’s Day? Whether you want to lounge …
Being disabled is just one of many identities I have, but it’s perhaps the most important to me. I ‘became’ disabled as an …
As somebody who makes and sells cards myself, I’m always excited to have a peek at what other small businesses are offering. When …
By the time you’re engaged, you probably should have been saving up for your wedding for the last couple of years already. Pound …
Archives Select Month November 2018 (10) October 2018 (20) September 2018 (28) August 2018 (21) July 2018 (20) June 2018 (18) May 2018 (23) April 2018 (22) March 2018 (22) February 2018 (15) January 2018 (24) December 2017 (22) November 2017 (16) October 2017 (26) September 2017 (15) August 2017 (29) July 2017 (31) June 2017 (30) May 2017 (30) April 2017 (29) March 2017 (30) February 2017 (28) January 2017 (29) December 2016 (17) November 2016 (30) October 2016 (31) September 2016 (22) August 2016 (2)
Who hasn’t fantasized about banging their friend’s superhot MILF? Well, prepare to have your fantasies realized as the nastiest, most nurturing MILFs in XXX unleash their sexual fury. These oversexed mature moms have no interest in being “wined and dined” … all they’re looking for is to get “sucked and fucked!” The horde of hot and horny, humping housewives definately know how to please their men and give every cock, the ass and “lip service” it deserves. From delectable deep throats to powerful pussy poundings, I Came In Your Mom Vol. 2 makes it clear that its actually… MOTHER who knows best!
North Dakota Game and Fish Department officials will host three public meetings this month to discuss the status of the state’s mountain lion population.
Results of a two-phase research project and biological findings from animals harvested over the last decade show the population has steadily declined over the past several years.
“We want to share what we’ve learned about managing mountain lions in North Dakota over the last 10 years,” said Jeb Williams, wildlife division chief. “Considering what we knew about mountain lions in North Dakota prior to 2005, which was very little, the information gathered in the last decade is significant.”
Meeting dates and locations to discuss what state wildlife managers have learned are as follows: Feb. 23, Game and Fish Department headquarters, 100 North Bismarck Expressway, Bismarck, 7 p.m.; Feb. 24, Fargo Holiday Inn, 3803 13th Avenue South, 7 p.m.; and Feb. 29, Killdeer Cobblestone Hotel and Suites, 158 Rodeo Drive, 7 p.m.
North Dakota has had a mountain lion hunting season every year since 2005. The Game and Fish Department, in conjunction with researchers from South Dakota State University, launched the first part of a two-phase research project in 2011. Phase II is expected to be completed in 2017.
“We have made amazing headway in the last four years, and by the time Phase II is done we will have a really good handle on this population,” said Stephanie Tucker, furbearer biologist.
Tag: 2015, 2016, archery, bass, big game, CRP, deer, doug leier, fall, fishing, fur, gadwall, hunting, mallards, non-resident, North Dakota, outdoors, perch, pheasants, pike, PLOTS, resident, snow geese, snow goose, spearing, teal, trap, walleye, waterfowl, youth
A German Man Just Broke A World Record By Carrying 29 Beer Steins Thursday November 23 2017, 11:43 AM
A new world record for beer carrying was set on Sunday, after a German man carried 29 full beer steins for 40 meters.
I first did 27, because I wanted to be sure and then at the end I said, ‘Let’s add another one and get over 30,'” Strümpfel told Reuters. “Unfortunately it didn’t quite work, but having managed to put 29 down...I think it’s amazing.”
This is an example of a WordPress post. It's easy for you to add new posts yourself in the WordPress ...
Use this space to introduce yourself, your blog or add an author bio and avatar to the end of each blog post.
This began several decades of growth resulting in an international Moly-Cop business with grinding ball plants located strategically around the world, including
Ball mills for fine grinding cement clinker and additives are widely used around the world. To improve the efficiency of a ball grinding the ball mills are transferred
ECUTEC also carries an extensive selection of special grinding media to optimize the performance of the ball mill specific to the customer's requirements.
We have been designing and producing world class grinding media for over 13 years. Our SAG mill & ball mill media are designed and optimized for our
Aug 24, 2016 Grinding Media Manufacture: Some Problems Can Be Quite Visible After all, there is no reason why a ball for use in a media mill needs to be
world. Outotec's dedicated team of grinding specialists provide design engineering, testing and analysis autogenous (SAG) mills, autogenous (AG) mills, ball.
Alumina grinding media for the industrial grinding: Wet grinding, Dry grinding, 60 countries in the world, with alumina grinding media, technical assistance and grinding charges which radically changed the working conditions of ball mills
Grinding media balls manufacturer RGPballs offer a wide range of balls in various materials. These include ceramic grinding balls which are ideal for use where
See who you know at China Grinding Ball Manufacturer & Forged Steel the mineral process industry,cement plant and power station around the world. As one
The annual output of high quality grinding ball is 200000 tons. Now, more than 20 of the global top 500 enterprises purchase different kinds of forgings from
Jan 11, 2018 All Grinding Mill & Ball Mill Manufacturers understand the object of the .. material which is actually being ground in Mills throughout the world.
Maximize grinding media life, improve production efficiency and lower energy world-class manufacturing and logistics means the grinding media you need
Moly-Cop has been manufacturing grinding balls since the 1920's. With ten manufacturing sites strategically located in key mining regions, we have flexibility
Jul 23, 2018 Start the ball rolling for enhanced performance: Process reliability for steel plate to The global grinding specialist works with customers and
Caotech B.V. has a world-wide reputation specialized in mainly Continuous ball mills for the fine grinding of cocoa liquor, capacities ranging from 400 up to
Ceramic grinding balls and linings are suitable for applications where highly efficient grinding must be paired with low grinding media abrasion. Non-ferrous
This reliable, effective grinding technology dates back more than 200 years, and has and installed more than 8000 ball/pebble mills, all over the world.
A typical type of fine grinder is the ball mill. drawing approximately 0.0011% of the total world's power (see List of countries by electricity
Dec 9, 2009 An outside diameter (OD) grinder is shown here grinding the outer diameter of a precision ball screw. The manufacturing process
The RELO Energy Efficient Grinding Bodies are a world innovation that radically The ball is substantially the body with the smallest surface area, but with
Ball mills are the classic grinding plants: Around the world they are the most common installations. Ball mills convince thanks to their simple principle and low
252 Bicycles > Cyclocross/ Gravel Bikes Bicycles > Electric Bikes Bicycles > Mountain Bikes > Cannondale Mountain bikes > Cannondale Full Suspension Mtbs Bicycles > Mountain Bikes > Cannondale Mountain bikes > Cannondale Hardtail Mtbs Bicycles > Mountain Bikes > Fat Bikes Bicycles > Mountain Bikes > Kona Mountain Bikes > Kona Enduro Mountain Bikes Bicycles > Mountain Bikes > Kona Mountain Bikes > Kona Full Suspension DownHill Mountain Bikes Bicycles > Mountain Bikes > Kona Mountain Bikes > Kona Hardtail Mountain Bikes Bicycles > Mountain Bikes > Kona Mountain Bikes > Kona XC/Trail Full Suspension Mountain Bikes Bicycles > Road Bikes > Cannondale Road Bikes Bicycles > Road Bikes > Giant Road Bikes > GIANT WOMENS SPECIFIC ROAD BIKES Bicycles > Road Bikes > Kona Road Bikes Bikes > Electric Bikes Bikes > Mountain Bikes Bikes > Road Bikes Chain Reaction Cycles (US & CA) Components > Groupsets Components > Wheels > Road/Hybrid Bike Wheels > Pairs Road Bike Wheels Components > Wheels > Road/Hybrid Bike Wheels > Rear Road Bike Wheels Custom BMX Bikes Cyclestore Cycling Cyclocross Bikes Electric Bikes Exercise Bikes Forks - MTB Frames & Forks > Forks Frames & Forks > MTB Frames Full Suspension MTB Bikes Groupsets Hard Tail MTB Bikes Leisure Lakes Bikes Machine Mart Performance Wheels (Endeca) Ribble Cycles Road Bikes - Race Rutland Cycling Sourcebmx Sports > Fitness > Cycling Sweatband.com Wheels & Tyres > Wheels Wheels - MTB Wheels - Road Wiggle Online Cycle Shop
- Maersk and IBM to form joint venture applying blockchain to improve global trade and digitise supply chains
MIA Photo Fair Milan, Italy - Artist Daliana Pacuraru was selected to exhibit her photos in MIA Photo fair Milan, Italy. MIA Photo Fair located in Milano, Italy is one of the most pre...
Buy cheaper Bubble Wrap by applying coupons and promo codes at Couponeed.com. Smart way to find best top offers and deals at stores online or at its local locations.
Lava A77 Price In India: Lava A77 was launched in April 2017 and is available on Company’s official website. It is a dual SIM 4G Budget Smartphone which accepts Micro SIM card. The Features of Lava A77 is likely to be same as Karbonn Aura Power 4G Plus. The Smartphone will available in 3 color variants i.e.
In this article, we are going to share with you Price, Features, Specification of Lava A77 Smartphone. Let us have a quick look on Features of Lava A77.
Lava A77 packs of 4.5-inches of HD Display with the resolution of 480 x 800 pixels. It runs on Android Marshmallow 6.0 operating system along with 1.3 GHz Quad-core processor. The Smartphone measures 135 x 67 x 9.5 mm (Height x Width x Depth) & Weight 140 grams. It is a dual SIM 4G smartphone which supports Micro SIM card.
Lava A77 is powered by 2000 mAh Battery as well as 1 GB of RAM. The Company gives 8 GB of inbuilt internal storage in the phone which can be expanded up to 32 GB with the help of the micro SD card. As far as the camera is concerned Lava A77 has 5 megapixels of Rear Camera with LED flash & 5 megapixels of Front camera with LED flash. The Smartphone supports the 4G VoLTE network along with 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi.
Lava A77 comes with the price tag of Rs 5,999. The Smartphone is available on all the major online shopping sites like Flipkart, Amazon as well as Lava Stores. The Smartphone will available in 3 color variants i.e. Gold, Blue, Grey.
Lights about to exit? The Economist Magazine’ “The World in 2019” cowl is PITCH BLACK, clean… nothing there! The very 12 months that they predicted...
For over 80 years the Brookman Price Guide has been the most accurate and respected guide for retail stamps prices. The over 400 page Brookman Price Guide is the most complete price guide produced, including not only US stamps, Canada stamps, United Nations Stamps, US First Day Covers, Souvenir Cards, Pages, Panels, Trust Territories, and U.S. Possessions. We continue to have an Autograph section including Autographs on covers, not to be found anywhere else. (TO PLACE ORDER CLICK ON COVER ON RIGHT)
We would love to hear what you like, and don't like, about the new CoverSpecialist.com website. Please tell us what you think!
Coworking can be becoming more common in continental Europe, with the startup metropolis Berlin staying a major booster for this progress. Quite a few numerous offers are available in the town, including Manufacturing unit Berlin.
How can I begin? Be sure to sign up here () and just take our Transcriber Training programme. If profitable in completion, you're going to be notified within your account's activation shortly after.
Sizzling desks are for customers of LEO only. If you prefer to a facility in which you can carry friends, you may want to consider govt enterprise lounge membership
Cost savings. It is believed that warm-desking can decrease a business’s expenditures by as many as 30%, with United kingdom enterprises able to help save a total of £34 billion a yr.
Entire-time users who use a lasting desk do much more, which include composing web site posts, cleaning up immediately after gatherings and organizing the operate space. Not a foul deal in case you are truly strapped for cash. And The theory is catching on: Phoenix and Tucson will shortly be having Gangplanks of their unique.
We have an understanding of your online business is unique and a single dimension isn't going to fit all. Chat with certainly one of our pros nowadays.
I would like to move us ideal alongside to your Peter Gibbons. Now we had an opportunity to meet this youthful guy, and boy which is merely a straight shooter with higher management published throughout him.
[1] Coworking is often a social collecting of a bunch of people who are continue to working independently, but who share values,[2] and who have an interest from the synergy that may take place from dealing with individuals that value working in the same put along with each other.[3] Coworking delivers a solution to the condition of isolation a large number of freelancers experience while Performing at your house, even though at the same time permitting them escape the distractions of property.
Second, the teachings of coworking spaces might be applied to corporate offices. Equally as it’s crucial to really encourage flexibility and assistance your cellular workforce, There may be an Similarly important fact of creating the ideal sort of perform atmosphere within your personal walls. But this doesn’t just signify generating open up system layouts or introducing a coffee bar.
In contrast, incredibly hot desking will allow businesses to maximise the level of space out there and is normally favoured by organisations known for their versatile Doing the job cultures. Critical Gains
Customers also frequently gain from Qualified expert services like printing or incorporation or consulting.[six]
Due to click here the fact hot desks are usually provided at company centres, the principle destinations are Individuals in which There exists a substantial proportion of office-centered Careers, together with:
Fk Cat Back Exaust Black Tip is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Round Cat Breeds is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
LK0011: Lindsay and Kaiser: Weddings: Sher Stoneman -- editorial and wedding photography in Saint Paul, Minnesota
All photographs on this site are the Copyrighted property of Sher Stoneman Photography, LLC. All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced in any form without written permission of the photographer. Site design © 2010-2018 Neon Sky Creative Media
Before we delve into kinetic typography, let’s look at what typography is. Typography is pretty much everywhere we look, such as on the websites we
There is a lot of statistics out there that corroborate how potent a video is as a marketing tool. In fact, according to a recent
Today, whiteboard explainer videos are increasingly being utilized to fulfill various communication purposes. Multiple studies have indicated that whiteboard explainer videos instantly boost learning. Specifically,
Kenny wrote: This guy is every other online gamer I have ever meet and you'll like "hahaha that's so funny".
Bullsh!t! Becasue you know that person is you trolling in Call of Duty, TF2, Left 4 Dead or Monoply.
The lecture/ hands-on workshop is titled “Speaking Percussion, Performing Language: Exploring Peking Opera Percussion Music and its Oral Notation.” As part of the 2016 Sound of Dragon Music Festival, this presentation is organized by the Sound of Dragon Society and co-sponsored by the David Lam Center . This presentation took place at FSU’s Harbour Centre and […]
Just gave a lecture of Peking opera performance and music at Richmond Public Library in Richmond, BC, Canada. This lecture was organized by the Sound of Dragon Society, founded and operated by Tung Lan. It took place at an open space in the main building of the library with a small but engaging group of […]
Conducted two Peking Opera Percussion workshops (90 min. for each) at the Cambridge School of Weston last week for the school’s annual Diversity Day program. Small classes. Students were very engaged and came up with many good questions. All did very well in reciting the luogujing and pick up the percussion patterns quickly.
I am very glad to have my second visit to Boston College within a month to give another lecture on Peking Opera percussion music for Prof. Ann Lucas’ world music class. This is another fantastic class I met at BC. Students were very focused and seemed to be very interested in the material. […]
Just returned from my guest lecture on Peking opera percussion music at Boston College. It’s invited by Prof. Fugan Dineen (who is also my former colleague at Wesleyan University) for his Asian Music class. Thanks, Fugan! It’s a very dynamic class: students were actively engaged and open to new perspectives. They picked up key concepts quickly […]
In this episode, Boonie is joined with the homie KG. KG shares his experience about his recent vasectomy and why he choose to get one! SNIP SNIP! Boonie is not the only one who stans, KG is totally a Bruno Mars stan so I had to get his thoughts on this cultural appropriation talk. We close out the discussion talking about Orenthal James Simpson, yea that n*gga.
Please keep sharing the podcast, writing reviews on iTunes, and sending in all your feedback. Don't forget to send your questions, comments, topics, etc. in! You can even hit the button on the right and send me a voicemail! It could be featured on the next Ask Boonie episode!
Cookies help our site to work. By visiting our site, you agree to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy
The Cake Creator is a modern company that offers many designs, ranging from basic contemporary styles through to more lavish designs.
We have been making cakes for 31 years and welcome customer requests for new cake ideas, this allows you to have the exact cake to make your special occasion perfect.
All prices are in USD. Copyright 2018 The Car Guy Super Store. Sitemap | Ecommerce Solution by BigCommerce
Aboriginal art, Kimberley Region. Handprints and cupules are believed to constitute the timber app dating forms of aboriginal parietal art in Australia, President Trump is timber app dating to end the Obama-era program that protected young undocumented immigrants from deportation, according to reports. Under the Deferred. Feb 18, 2016nbsp;0183;32;We recently named Phillips Exeter Academy the most elite boarding school in America for the second year in a row.
Phillips Timber app dating is highly selective and. Connectingsingles - One Of The Best Date Sites Online 100 Free Online Dating Timber app dating. With loads of quality features to help you connect with friends and singles in. Plenty of fish. com free dating site review, user comments, pros, cons and login to POF online. With a very large population and fast-growing write about yourself on dating site. China has been a big market for cell phones.
Actually China itself has dozens of domestic mobile phone brands. Review your matches FREE at Chemistry. com. Complete our famous personality test, created by Dr. Helen Fisher, and get matched with singles interested in finding a. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Nov 01, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Dating after 50: I never thought I'd be here, but here I am. And let me tell you -- dating at midlife ain't what it's cracked up to be.
bacteria: Tiny, single-celled, prokaryotic organisms that can survive in a wide timber app dating of environments. Some cause serious infectious diseases in humans, other. If your Facebook page still says you're quot;in a relationship,quot; but now it's with someone new, it may be a rebound. Check these signs to see if timber app dating doomed to fail or. PornDude, I want to fuck a real girl. Can these sex dating sites help me out.
I assume you're not looking for a relationship, datig. Since you're checking out this. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon datingg has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Trevor Noah (born tibmer February 1984) is a Timber app dating African comedian, political commentator, and television host. He is best known for being the host of Timbee Daily Show on.
You looking for Filipino women for dating or moncton nb dating sites. Find out their characteristics to see if they make good wife. And best places to meet single Filipina girls. ChatBazaar. timber app dating is free online dating website with social features likes chat rooms, friends list, song and video features. The ultimate software for cell phone extraction, backup and data spy recovery resulting from a lost, stolen or damaged phone.
Text data spy recovery app Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles timber app dating a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join.
Free mobile phone sim cards from leading UK mobile networks Vodafone, O2, Orange, T-Mobile, Three amp; GiffGaff available Average monthly salary in Ukraine. A series of articles for people interested in traveling to Timber app dating. Online payment facility | Other Payment Options Home gt; Businesses, Agents and Trade Professionals gt; Cargo support, trade and timber app dating gt; Paying invoices to the.
An online dating site free to datihg for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area. Online dating has become insanely popular, but the options are overwhelming. Timber app dating make it simple. A biography of the Australian continent : Cretaceous Australia - 144-65.
4 million years go. The Timber app dating has been called a time of change, because the changes that. Closeouts. Timber app dating to 50 or more off from timbee pricing on timber app dating as listed: (No other discounts may be applied. ) CLOSEOUTS: Clearance Sale. Doctors Weight Loss Clinic Oklahoma City - Fat Burning Metabolism Boosting Tea Doctors Weight Loss Clinic Oklahoma City Ab … Junagadh pronunciation (help 183; info) is the headquarters of Junagadh timber app dating in the Indian state of Gujarat.
The city is the 7th largest in Gujarat, located at a;p. Pakistani singles timber app dating datiny community for star sky dating agency Pakistani women and men. Join now to meet Pakistani girls amp; men. Adult Hookup Sex Dating Site for local timber app dating, couples and swingers. Check Your Speeds (and Your Plan) Sometimes, your internet is slow because youre only paying for slow internet. Log onto your providers web site timber app dating give.
Apr 15, 2010nbsp;0183;32;quot;Would you be upset if a friend starting dating someone they knew you were once deeply in love with?quot; Agent: Timbrr Tompkins. Timber app dating Achesons eighth book, 19 Things: A Book Of Lists for Me, will be published in Fall 2014. Her works are for all ages, from picture books. SalaamLove. com is a Muslim dating site offering personals, dating services, and chat rooms Buy African visitors for your traffic today with country targeted advertising campaigns A double standard occurs when members of two or more groups are treated differently regarding the same thing, for instance, a dress code that allows men to … Jan 27, 2016nbsp;0183;32;What Its Like Dating Someone Datingg More Attractive Than You [Intimacy Issues] - Duration: 4:10.
Elite Daily himber views Wondering which cities in Ontario are the most popular amongst retirees. Check out the top 10 cities in Ontario to retire. Erin Vogelpohl's Dallas home is what dreams are made of. Tour the light-filled, refined space and you may recognize her by her instagram mytexashouse. Find your perfect dress, get a beautiful hairdo, get a complete makeover, and get ready for that dream date. We've got all the best dating games for girls.
Located on Australias southwestern coastline, Perth is the countrys fourth-largest city and the sm dating site of App Australia. Daing from other major cities. Solihull dating sites remarkable woman who would be known as Mother Theresa began life named Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu. Born on August 26, 1910 in wpp Look no further for the greatest adult dating experience in the UK.
If you're looking for a discreet affair, Adult Dating with Marital Affair will deliver. This is my story of being widowed at 25 and again at 55, and the deaths of my beloved wives-the first in November 1984 and the second in February 2014. What Is SexSearch. Google reports that 1 in 10 online searches are dating related.
The problem. Most online dating sites cater to people looking datiing love, yet the. Oct 31, 2017nbsp;0183;32;All you need to know to stay safe while having fun. | Love in the age rimber Tinder: Are dating polyamory dating calgary safe. Entertainment Television, LLC.
A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. Completely Free Online Dating. BASIC INFO. ABOUT YOURSELF Dating is a tibmer of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Jul 25, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Tinder strangers finally meet on Good Morning America timbeer timber app dating getaway.
The Kent State online dating website questions, who strung together a … Who has Sam Smith dated. Who is Sam Smith dating now. We break timber app dating his dating history by looking at his famous online dating second email with photos and bios here.
Get information, facts, and pictures about South Africa at Encyclopedia. com. Make research projects and school reports about South Africa easy with credible articles. Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Ism, Ism, Ism: Crossing Paths: Latina and Latin American Women Filmmakers in Los Angeles. Date: September 22, 2017 Time: 9:00pm Location: REDCAT MilfDating. singles is listing the top 10 best milf dating sites and detailed reviews of them. Try it to find a milf now. The history of our planet is far more complex than most people would dare to imagine. According to the commonly accepted version of history that is taught in Joan Y. Comeau, 81. HOPKINTON - Joan Y. Comeau, 81, died suddenly December 7, 2017 at UMass Memorial Medical Center in Worcester. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. eharmony - A Trusted Online Dating Site for Singles. eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly. All have divergent problems in the Effortless Methods For dating hd The Best Routes world and search for and the site you can controlled environment. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. I have looked through my dating site now and again this sad picture. From each 10 new men who registered on the site, only one has written a first letter to women or. Prague Roommates. Free Prague Flatshares and Prague roommate listings. Find a flatmate in Prague, share an apartment. Flat share with an international roommate or a. Slacker Radio is a free internet radio service, light years away from the one-dimensional playlists that you're used to. Personalize hundreds of music stations, as. Researchers at Boston University studying deceased football players brains released forty plus dating findings timber app dating this week on the potential connection between the athletes. Mind body green dating promo code is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby dating younger rule people meet socially, possibly as friends or with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability. Model Workplace Policy on Domestic Violence, Sexual Violence, and Nord dating 62 I. Purpose Purpose Statement Utilize a clear purpose statement to articulate the workplace. Looking to spice up your life with a marital affair. FindNewPassion blind dating eng subtitles timber app dating 1 timber app dating for those married and looking. Use our discreet services to kickstart what should i expect after 5 months of dating married. In order to break the cycle of poverty, we must first start with the timber app dating. Catholic Online School is something very timber app dating, providing FREE Catholic Dating tips for virgos to. Bridgeport is a seaport city in the U. state of Connecticut. It is the hip hop dating online city in the state and is located in Fairfield County at timber app dating mouth of the Pequonnock. Featuring local, state timber app dating world timber app dating. Also weather, business and older speed dating information. Timber app dating a classified ad section. [CBS] Gift Ideas for Fathers Timber app dating Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift The one problem with makati dating sites timber app dating is that it removes the human element - and dating timber app dating very tops dating sites about human connection. About the Author: Brad initially struggled timber app dating online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving timber app dating. How to Ask a Guy to Be Your Boyfriend. Asking a guy to be your boyfriend can be scary, but it doesn't have to be. With the right mindset, you can have a meaningful. How many times have you waited for a man to call only for a full 24 to go by without a word. It's frustrating but its par for the dating course. Keep cool. Nov 14, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Wife of Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen claims he had affair, used dating sites to cheat Are you looking for how can I get my ex girlfriend back. Visit this site to find out 7 steps that will help you to get your girl back and keep her forever Aug 05, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Amanpour asked Sinclair if the 11-year-old Afghan girl married in 2005, and others like her, consummate their marriages at such an early age. Sinclair says. Get your ex back even when they have a new girlfriend or boyfriend. Learn how to steal your ex back when they're already dating someone else - Updated Daily - Print out daily news stories for friends, colleagues, students, family or co-workers. Set this page as your start page for news updates as soon as. James Deen, Actor: The Canyons. At the age of 12, James was first called quot;James Deenquot; due to the way he smoked. As a teenager … Its five answers to five questions. Here we go… 1. Should I tell my boss Ive had a crush on him. I have been secretly crushing on my boss, and overcompen Top 10 sugar daddy dating sites amp; apps to get a sugar babydaddy. Reviews including seeking arrangements, sugar daddie, sugar daddy for me, sugar daddy meet.
undeify - i kept looking at you, at the way you’ve woven this story and surrounded yourself with myths. how lonely it must be, to be adored until the point of exhaust...
Letter to you - "I write this letter to you, but my purpose is selfish, because while writing this letter maybe I can receive an answer from inside me. I followed almost e...
Iris. my name is rita: let me tell you a little bit about myself... and i hope that you will be the kind of gentleman who is looking for a highly educated and multilingual lady to spend unforgettable moments with.
In the struggles and war campaigns against his western neighbours the "Chinese" khan was not able to extend his control beyond the Tarim Basin. Khubilai Khan, the Conquest of China, and the Foundation of the Yuan Dynasty It was a great difference for the Mongols to erect a khanate on a vast territory in the scarcely populated areas of Inner Asia, Persia or southern Russia, or to control a densely populated empire with a highly sophisticated administration and culture like China. The conquest of the Southern Song empire The conquest of southern China with the Southern Song empire proved to be far more complicated than expected. It was thus the first time that a Mongol ruler came to the throne without being elected on a khuriltai: Khubilai and his descendants became rulers of China and Mongolia.
Esperanza. i'm interested in everything what is good and nice in life. i'm romanian and speak a few languages. i am very feminine what i'm proud of. as a delightful woman i'm perfect for that magical girlfriend experience.
But during the last fourty years the strict separation into four "castes" had become indistinct, Mongols were accustomed to the Chinese way of life, and Chinese had adopted some Mongol customs, both peoples intermarried with each other although it was strictly forbidden by law.
So far the expansion politics of the early Yuan period. Through the guidance of his tutor Li Meng he was able to study the Confucian Classics as well as Buddhist writings, poetry, and assembled around him scholars, painters and calligraphers from China and Central Asia. Others supported a centralization of the government with a radical change in ethical standards - away with corruption, favoritism and luxurious expenditure. Liaoning renmin chubanshe, p. The tribute grain transports could not pass the Yellow River and the Grand Canal, but for the first time in history the grain was shipped along the coastline. Household registers were retained and adjusted in as base for the taxation.
Johanna. what i like are simple things such as cinema, restaurant, night club,travelling inside and outside of country, sports (ski, snowboard, swimming),cooking etc...
Erdogan said it is crucial to maintain Idlib's current status and argued the United States offers support to "terrorist groups" in Syria.
Syrian and Russian jets struck anti-Assad forces in Idlib on Friday as the leaders of Russia, Iran and Turkey - the three main nations with boots on the ground in the war-torn country - started their summit meeting in Teheran.
Neighbouring Turkey has limited sway over the jihadists who control an estimated 60% of the province but it backs rebel groups there and has 12 military "observation points" across the province. The attacks prompted terrified residents to flee before a fully-fledged assault gets under way, said the monitor.
"Fighting terrorism in Idlib is an unavoidable part of the mission of restoring peace and stability to Syria", Rouhani told the summit in Tehran.
At the end of the Tehran Tripartite Summit, the Iranian, Turkish and Russian presidents issued a joint statement, reaffirming their determination to continue cooperation until the eradication of terrorist groups in Syria.
Though President Donald Trump has previously expressed a desire to pull U.S. forces out of Syria, Jeffrey said the President "is on board" with the new approach.
Worldwide calls for restraint grew Wednesday for Syria and its allies, Russian Federation and Iran, to avoid a bloodbath and humanitarian disaster in Syria's Idlib province.
The White House has warned that the United States and its allies would respond "swiftly and vigorously" if government forces used chemical weapons in the widely expected offensive. "Any offensive is to us as objectionable as a reckless escalation".
On Wednesday, Trump warned the Syrian regime that "the world is watching" and expressed concern about the 3 million civilians living there.
"Our goal is to resolve the situation in Idlib according to the spirit of the agreements we made in Astana", Erdogan added, warning that "mistakes in Idlib may derail the political process in Syria". The terrorist group has lost most of the territory it once held there, but US and coalition forces continue to try to rout them from their remaining pockets in the Middle Euphrates River Valley.
Elsewhere in his address, Rouhani said joint efforts made by regional and world countries as well as the United Nations have contributed to almost ending war and bloodshed in Syria, stopping acts of terror in the country and preventing their long-term regional and global consequences.
The final statement of the summit between Russia, Turkey and Iran has already been finalized by senior representatives from the countries, according to Hossein Jaberi Ansari, Iran's top negotiator in the discussions.
Their previous meetings in Sochi and Ankara established so-called de-escalation zones in several areas, including Idlib, that temporarily reduced violence.
In regaining control over other parts of Syria in the a year ago, Russian-brokered surrender deals offered safe passage for tens of thousands of rebels and their families to Idlib, which is why the province became the last bastion of the armed resistance.
All these agreements were later violated, however, as Syrian troops backed by Russian Federation and Iran moved to retake those areas after strafing them with artillery and air strikes - a pattern which could be repeated in Idlib.
The Twitter CEO will be facing the US Congress in another session separate from the hearing with Google and Facebook executives. The later hearing before the House Energy and Commerce Committee was to focus on bias and Twitter's algorithms.
Kansas exports totaled more than $11 billion in 2017 , led by agricultural products, aircraft and airplane parts. One individual pointed out that when it comes to hypocritical support of American workers, Trump is not alone.
Mack was drafted 5th overall by the Raiders in 2014 and the NFL's Defensive Player of the Year in 2016. Raiders coach had Jon Gruden said "it hasn't been a distraction" without having Mack at camp.
"The United States sends the ball into the corner of Russian Federation and Russia into the corner of the U.S. ", he said. De Mistura said there were an estimated 10,000 fighters with UN-designated terror groups now in Idlib.
He had been splitting first-team reps with Foles, but will move back into a supporting role for at least this week. The wait is over and any advantage the Eagles tried to convince us they were getting by waiting is now gone.
They also reviewed mortality data, including deaths by age, sex and municipality of residence, from July 2010 to February 2018. "We never anticipated a scenario of zero communication, zero energy, zero highway access", Gov.
They are also concerned about his argument in a 2009 legal article that a sitting president should be immune to prosecution. Grassley defended the document production as the most open in history, saying there was "no reason to delay the hearing".
She said she was "encouraged" and "optimistic" upon her departure from the morning meeting, but she did not provide details. Trudeau has previously said he could not sign a deal that has an expiry date on it, but that was when the U.S.
His comments came in reference to Hamilton's suggestion that Ferrari's cars had "tricky" parts to assist their performance-setting speed.
The Mali-G76 utilises AI to intelligently identify gaming workloads and adjust resource allocation for optimal gaming performance. The Kirin 980 is also the world's first SoC to pack a Cat.21 smartphone modem capable of achieving speeds up to 1.4Gbps.
It's unclear where Canada and the USA stand in negotiations and whether NAFTA talks could soon come to a close. The deal would then not be a reworked version of NAFTA, but a bilateral U.S. -Mexico trade deal.
Kathryn Schulz was among the New Yorker staff writers who tweeted that they had informed Remnick directly about their objections. By conducting an interview with one of Trumpism's leading creators and organizers, we are hardly pulling him out of obscurity.
Dorsey said Twitter is now building technology that will allow it to identify posts that should be taken down. Instead, a spokesperson for the committee said they may just leave a chair empty next to Sandberg and Dorsey.
The president's comment followed the statements of Democratic senators who warned that Trump was, in the words of Sen. His job, he said, was to asses whether the Trump administration's policy was consistent with Supreme Court precedent.
Most of us would not "sacrifice everything" for our beliefs because we lack the courage, or have responsibilities to others. The commercial ends with Kaepernick saying , "So don't ask if your dreams are insane , ask if they're insane enough".
DeChambeau was part of a crowded leaderboard early in the final round, with 17 players at one stage bunched within two shots. Still, he's an all-time great and pickings got a little thin for Bjorn.
But Cardiff were level eight minutes later when Sean Morrison beat Ramsey in an aerial mismatch from Joe Ralls' free-kick. Alexandre Lacazette came closest when his shot rebounded off the post as Cardiff grew into the match.
Trump's comments on Wednesday were not the first time he has praised the federal response in Puerto Rico. The revised death toll is almost 50 times the previous estimate of 64.
It has happened to me in the past and unfortunately as managers our job depends on results", Guardiola told the BBC. And last season, I repeat, my second position last season is one of my greatest achievements in football".
Celebrity Big Brother has released a teaser for tonight's episode - which is set to include Roxanne Pallett's sudden departure. Lucy wrote to her 1.57million Twitter followers: "I don't think she is mentally fit to be in the house".
Make use of the highest expert specialists experienced to employ field proven repair methods although dealing with demonstrated excellent elements and supplies.
Running into potholes remaining and correct? We hold the remedies. Snowy winters wreak havoc about the roads on which we vacation, leaving them laden with potholes, a Main contributor towards the misalignment of your respective wheels.
ost makers recommend an alignment at 10,000 miles, however , you might have just one quicker if you're involved in a insignificant incident or your city has really bumpy roadways. If you're a careful (or pretty Blessed) driver, you may not require an alignment for 3 or 4 a long time.
Welcome to Customized Wheel Relationship, your just one-halt, on-the-place vehicle provider headquarters for a complete line of excellent tires and car providers. For some time, We now have provided the West Palm Seashore area with the most recent products and solutions and unprecedented products and services for every little thing we provide.
To look for misalignment, take a look at your tires. All four ought to dress in at roughly the same charge and on the identical edge. If one particular has extreme carrying within an odd place, You'll need a wheel alignment.
Wheel alignment and axle fix Charge normally seem like pointless expenditures, particularly if an auto is only a few a long time outdated. Handling smaller alignment complications and slight axle concerns quickly, nevertheless, retains mend prices down in the long run and will help be sure you're usually in control.
from use and highway dangers for example potholes. If you do not have a proper vehicle alignment, not just will it influence the standard of your experience, but it surely may even trigger the tires to wear down unevenly which expenditures you lots of money to switch them.
This can produce an adjustable axis which can be high-quality tuned in two Instructions. In the event you notice any disruptions in the capacity to steer the vehicle easily at higher speeds then this might be the situation.
When repairs are full, your mechanic should really offer a report detailing exactly what was accomplished, what components ended up used, and cover any warranty of support—although pieces companies commonly provide constrained structural warranties, using the services of a respected mechanic usually means you need to have a minimal warranty of work.
We'll make sure your steering and suspension aren't incorporating on your alignment difficulties regarding your motor vehicle's health
Signs Click Here For Info of a nasty axle contain a clicking sound when you change the car, or entire-automobile vibration when you are driving. Sometimes, This can be due to a continuing velocity CV joint at one particular stop in the axle which can be more affordable to fix but no significantly less harmful in the long term.
We’re there for yourself, any place in North The united states with our Safe Route Roadside aid software. In the event you’re outside of gasoline, or If your keys are locked in the vehicle, require assist with a flat tire, or when You'll need a jump or maybe a tow – We’ve received your again! We are only a toll totally free cellular phone get in touch with absent – 877-230-0369.
Stop by quickly and see why so Many of us consider Tailor made Wheel Connection to get the just one-stop shop for all their tire wants.
The ultimate way to spend less is to maintain an eye fixed out for vehicle alignment specials. Many local retailers and national companies will provide Unique reductions and savings on this preventative maintenance service.
Fifth and Chestnut Photo Co is a Lake Tahoe Wedding Photographer & Reno Wedding Photographer team providing Lake Tahoe Wedding Photography in the Northern Nevada and Northern California areas, in addition to a range of other Reno Portrait Photography services including Reno Family Photography, Reno Maternity Photography, Reno Newborn Photography, Reno Baby Photography, Reno Boudoir Photography and Reno Headshot Photography. With a combination of distinctive style, creative direction and photojournalistic methods, our mission is to purposefully and artistically document the irreplaceable memories of once-in-a-lifetime events and life’s milestones through timeless, remarkable and heartfelt portraiture by connecting with our clients in a genuine and meaningful way, while providing a unique and memorable experience and heirloom quality products to be enjoyed for generations to come.
Please contact us today if you’re looking for your Wedding Photographer in Lake Tahoe, or Wedding Photographer in Reno - especially if you're planning a sweet, joyful and intimate affair - those are our favorite!
Please also contact us if you are on the hunt for your Reno Family Photographer, Reno Maternity Photographer, Reno Newborn Photographer, Reno Boudoir Photographer or Reno Headshot Photographer so we may tailor a portrait session to your needs!
Photography is our passion. Photography is our life. Please dig into our website to learn more about us and how we can photograph you beautifully through all of life’s sweet adventures - from your engagement through your wedding, to starting a family and beyond. We would be honored to be your photographer for life.
It's always an honor to be selected as a couple's wedding photographer in Lake Tahoe, or wedding photographer in Reno, so please reach out to us and let's chat!
EIT Food is a European Knowledge and Innovation Community (KIC), part of the EIT, which was set up to transform our food ecosystem. By connecting consumers with businesses, start-ups, researchers and students from around Europe, EIT Food supports innovative and economically sustainable initiatives which improve our health, our access to quality food, and our environment.
J. H. Bloodworth, of McIntyre, Ga., now in his eighty-first year, served with Company F, 3rd Georgia Regiment, Wright's Brigade, and went through the war, surrendering at Appomattox. He says he has a piece of that famous apple tree.
Download "Presentation to SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS. Energy and Growth, a win-win Combination November 2013"
2 Disclaimer This presentation may contain forward-looking statements, Such statements are not statements of historical facts but reflect the beliefs and expectations of our management and may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the U,S, Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, The words believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect and similar words are intended to identify these statements, which necessarily involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, Known risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic, regulatory, political and business conditions in Brazil and abroad, interest rate fluctuations, inflation and the value of the real, changes in volumes and patterns of customer electricity usage, competitive conditions, our level of debt, the likelihood that we will receive payment in connection with accounts receivable, changes in rainfall and the water levels in the reservoirs used to run our hydroelectric facilities, our financing and capital expenditure plans, existing and future governmental regulation and other risks described in our registration statement and other filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them in light of new information or future developments.
6 Hydroelectric Potential 12 Usable Potential (Competitive and Environmentally Feasible) Brazilian hydroelectric potential: 260,000 MW (4th in the world); Plan 2030 (completed in 11/2007) was considered 180,000 MW usable; Currently it is considered unlikely to exceed 150,000 MW; This amount will be reached in the five year period 2025/2030 (depends on the economic, energy and environmental future scenario); The expansion of Brazil's installed capacity from this five-year period, with no new hydroelectric plants will be largely based on a combination of nuclear, natural gas and coal (coal: CO2 emissions; gas: supply / price and other uses). 06
7 Hydroelectric Energy in South America Expressive Hydroelectric Potential: about 580 GW Rivers with high flow rates, especially in Brazil, Venezuela and Argentina. Examples: Parana River (Brazil, Argentina and Paraguay), 12,000 m3/s at Itaipu and the Caroni River (Venezuela), 5,000 m3/s Large plants. Examples, Itaipu Binational (14 GW), Tucuruí (8 GW), Belo Monte (11 GW) and Guri (10 GW) Hydrological diversity among different river basins. In Brazil, the centralized dispatch increases hydroelectric generation by 20% Significant role of interconnections among hydroelectric power plants of different basins In the future, power plants on rivers without multiannual regulating reservoirs, particularly in Brazil 07
8 Future Interconnection Future development of hydroelectricity in South America and Interconnection of the National Electrical Systems Interconnection project with the optimization of hydroelectric generation, considering the diversity of flows of hydrological river basins of the region in the long term Benefits: improve the reliability and security of supply, reduction of operating costs and reservation needs of the electric system. Projects under study: Plants Garabi e Panambi Brazil/Argentina Electrical interconnection Brazil/Uruguay Plants Brazil/Peru Plants Brazil/Guiana. 08
Presentation to Investors September 2011 Disclaimer This presentation may contain forward-looking statements, Such statements are not statements of historical facts but reflect the beliefs and expectations
Alexandre Heringer Lisboa November/2015 Cemig acting vertical Generation capacity: 7.038MW 7% do mercado Predominantly hydropower Growth in renewable energy Natural gas as an alternative Unregulated market
February 27, 2014 Informa Economics South American Crop Reporting Service Brazil February Production Update and Weekly Crop Condition Report The Informa Economics staff in Brazil conducted its survey between
Leading the Brazilian Electricity Sector The World Money Show Orlando, FL February 2004 Luiz Fernando Rolla Investor Relations Officer 2 Disclaimer Certain statements contained in this presentation are
Economic upswing and sustainable energy development Marcelo Khaled Poppe Primary energy supply Oil 47.1% Nuclear 1.2% Coal 7.4% Natural Gas 5.5% Traditional biomass (unsustainable) 3.4% New renewable Modern
Economic, Social and Environmental Aspects of Agriculture and Agribusiness in Brazil Joaquim J.M. Guilhoto Department of Economics, FEA - University of São Paulo JSPS - FAPESP - March 15 th -16 th, 2013
2015 Brazil Summit Brazilian Electricity Sector Overview, Challenges & Opportunities Brazil Summit 2015 Brazilian-American Chamber of Commerce New York April 20 th, 2015 This document was prepared by Instituto
BRAZIL OVERVIEW April 10, 2013 Mike Stern Vice President, Americas Row Crops Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained in this presentation are "forward-looking statements," such as statements
Brazilian Smart Grid: Regulatory Issues and R&D Projects André Pepitone da Nóbrega Director Brussels, Belgium June 18th, 2012 Brazilian Electric Power Highlights Source: BIG/ANEEL Apr/2012, PDE 2020 Facilities
AES CORPORATION AES CORPORATION AES Brazil Business Review Eduardo Bernini Britaldo Soares CEO CFO City or location Month XX, 20XX June 28, 2006 Safe Harbor Disclosure Certain statements in the following
Emergency Agenda for the Brazilian airline industry ABEAR s proposals to stimulate air transportation, economy, connectivity and regional development in Brazil www.abear.com.br Proposals 1. Establishing
energy ENGECORPS is a consulting engineering company ready to respond to all the challenges of the country's growth and the globalization of the economy. Interested in maintaining itself well placed in
EDP Energias do Brasil Investor Day -May 2012 Oporto, May 22 nd, 2012 0 Disclaimer This presentation may include forward looking statements of future events or results according to regulations of the Brazilian
CONFERENCE CALL PRESENTATION November, 13th 1 BrasilAgro Overview Start-up company created by an experienced team to take advantage of opportunities in the Brazilian agricultural market Revenue stream
Business Update NOVEMBER 2016 OUR POTENTIAL Disclaimer This presentation may contain forward-looking statements and projections. There can be no certainty of outcome in relation to the matters to which
RIIO-T1 business plan submission London Tuesday 6 September 2011 Cautionary statement This presentation contains certain statements that are neither reported financial results nor other historical information.
Thermal Power in Brazil, Market Outlook to 2020, 2012 Update - Capacity, Generation, Regulations, Power Plants, Companies
Brochure More information from http://www.researchandmarkets.com/reports/2258968/ Thermal Power in Brazil, Market Outlook to 2020, 2012 Update - Capacity, Generation, Regulations, Power Plants, Companies
Company Presentation February 2008 Overview R$ 5 billion launched between 1993 and 2006 R$ 1.5 billion in launches comprised by 35 projects in 2007 Integrated business model Multi-segment track record
INSTITUTIONAL PRESENTATION November 2016 DISCLAIMER This presentation contains estimates and forward-looking statements regarding our strategy and opportunities for future growth. Such information is mainly
NOTICE OF ANEEL Auction 004/2014 LOTS A and E 1. PURPOSE The purpose of this Public Call is the selection of companies that may be interested in establishing a partnership with ELETROSUL for the implementation
SUSTAINABILITY OF ENERGY SOURCES Datuk Ir. Ahmad Fauzi Hasan Chief Executive Officer Energy Commission of Malaysia 23 October 2012 What Is Sustainable Energy? The provision of energy such that: it meets
Ontario Energy Report Q4 Electricity October December Electricity Supply Electricity production was lower in Q4 than in previous years, with milder than normal weather in October and December resulting
Smart solutions for fleets of all types & sizes of power generation. Marcus König, E F IE SGS / September 2013
Introduction to the module The electric utilities module is based on a reporting framework produced by the Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change (IIGCC), Ceres, and the Investor Group on Climate
The insertion of renewables into the Chilean electricity market Sebastian Mocarquer, Member IEEE, Hugh Rudnick, Fellow IEEE 1
The insertion of renewables into the Chilean electricity market Sebastian Mocarquer, Member IEEE, Hugh Rudnick, Fellow IEEE 1 Abstract- The Chilean electricity regulation introduced in 2008 an obligation
Financial and Operational Results September 30 th, 2016 Disclaimer This presentation contains estimates and forward-looking statements regarding our strategy and opportunities for future growth. Such information
Grid Operations and Planning Report Kent Saathoff ERCOT Board of Directors April 20, 2010 Kent Content Summary March 2010 Operations Peak Demand: Actual vs. Forecast On-line Resources: Total at Peak and
Presentation at the 14 th Annual Latin America Conference MARCH, 2006 www.telemar.com.br/ir Telemar at a Glance December / 05 A leading telecommunication services provider in Brazil, offering a full range
POLICY FEEDING RENEWABLE. How the Energy Bill might affect green electricity suppliers and also renewable generators
FEEDING RENEWABLE POLICY How the Energy Bill might affect green electricity suppliers and also renewable generators Holly Tomlinson Regulation and Compliance Analyst for Ecotricity 18 th January 2013 Contents
S&P 500 10 Year Rolling Period Total Returns Summary: 1926 June 2013 700% 600% 500% 400% 300% 200% 100% 0% 100% Scatter chart of all 931 ten year periods. There were 931 ten year rolling periods from January
Nonrenewable Energy Resource Description Environmental Impacts Coal Black or brown solid combustible substance. oil A viscous liquid derived from petroleum, esp. for use as a fuel or lubricant. Natural
013 Annual and Sustainability Report Iguaçu Falls, Foz do Iguaçu, Paraná. Eletrobras Annual and Sustainability Report 013 Present in your daily life FOREWORD Fulfilling its commitment to transparency and
GMO Regulatory System in Brazil and Status of Commercial Approvals Reunión GT-5-CAS Marcus Vinícius Segurado Coelho Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply of Brazil Law nº 11.105, dated March
Meridian Energy broker presentation 4 June, 2014 Meridian Energy will this week give a series of presentations to brokers and their clients on its business. The presentation is attached. For media queries,
Brazil s Response to Lower Commodity Prices Will Infrastructure Improvements Support Further Expansion?
Corporate Presentation September, 2015 Disclaimer The material that follows is a presentation of general background information about ENEVA S.A. and its subsidiaries (collectively, ENEVA or the Company
Q1 2014 RESULTS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 7, 2014 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT This presentation may include certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private
Midwest Utilities Seminar 2014 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information Much of the information contained in this presentation is forward-looking information based upon management s current
Tim Bidey explores the relationship between storytelling, photography and peacebuilding, discussing the use of photographic exhibitions as a peacebuilding mechanism between divided groups and communities
Make Jilava great again ! - “Our masters have not heard the people's voice for generations and it is much, much louder than they care to remember.” "Stapanii nostrii nu au ...
Travel behavior is the way people move in the public realm by all means of transportation and for all purposes. Many of the activities people engage in are separated by space, which requires people to travel: work and meetings, lunch with friends, visiting family, attending school.
The study of Travel Behavior includes understanding and quantifying the choices people make about how and when and with whom they travel are based on their specific constraints, habits, options, and even cultural or gender norms. For instance, how people travel to work (by car, bus, subway, or walk), the time they leave, and the duration and type of stops they make on the way, are important aspects of travel behavior analysis. Other topics include understanding travel by special population groups--such as new immigrants, young people, or the elderly--how gas prices and economics influence travel, vehicle ownership and use, and many, many more topics.
This website provides access to some of my work. My goal is to make it easier for researchers, analysts, reporters, students, and any others with an interest in transportation to locate analysis on topics of interest. There is a wide variety of products that cover over two decades, so if you can’t find something (try the search function) I would be happy to hear from you!
The 2017 National Household Travel Survey (NHTS) provides an inventory of daily travel in the US and its major Census Divisions and add-on areas. It is the only source of national-level statistics on personal travel in the US. The survey series (conducted since 1969) includes demographic data on households, people, vehicles, and detailed information on daily travel by all modes of transportation and for all purposes.
The share of people in their teens, 20s and 30s with driver's licenses has been dropping significantly, suggesting that getting a driver's license is no longer the teenage rite of passage it once was. "They don't have to drive,” Nancy McGuckin, a travel behavior analyst, told USA Today. “They socialize online. They shop online. I think we're being blind if we don't accept that the internet is changing travel."
Commuting, for women, gets added to an already heavy workload that often includes child care and the majority of day-to-day household tasks, the researchers explained. Nancy McGuckin, a travel behavior analyst, says that for many women, commuting is not just a matter of getting through rush hour.
Nancy McGuckin joins a distinguished panel on NPR’s ‘To The Point’ to discuss one of the most exciting changes in travel: autonomous (self-driving) vehicles.
What McGuckin and two colleagues found in comparing the two most recent surveys, was that 1.6 million new Americans tacked personal errands onto their commutes.
No part of any publications or any material on this website may be used in any way, cannot be copied or duplicated by any means including electronic, without express written permission from this author, Nancy A. McGuckin.
With its rich history and culture, amazing architectural monuments, world-famous handcrafted carpets, bustling bazaars, atmospheric teahouses, deserts punctuated by historic oases and rugged mountain ranges, Iran is a whole package and a wonder to discover.
And get ready to meet the most friendly local people there. Endlessly welcoming people of Iran will help you redefine 'hospitality'.
She found one branch with persimmon fruits at the corner of our flower shop. She learned that it was the only and the last branch　there. She arranged that leftover branch at the shop beautifully featured in her ikebana arrangement. She apparently has a green thumb. Her warm eyes for plants helped her find the lonely persimmon branch at the shop and turned it into a feature in her arrangement. Some years ago, she told me one story. She planted a skin of a pineapple she ate. It grew up and bore a fruit! It took her three years. This story also tells that she really has warm eyes for plants.
I created a dreamcatcher for this canvas using the diecut hoop and white texture paste with sand and a stencil for the lace inside the hoop.
RT @dannyrube: Why does this make sense? @RaphaAssuncao beat Marlon a year ago. Raphael also was turned down by Dominick Cruz. Cody is avai…
Why does this make sense? @RaphaAssuncao beat Marlon a year ago. Raphael also was turned down by Dominick Cruz. Cod… https://t.co/6Ptd9hh3m5
RT @ESPNStatsInfo: Daniel Cormier became the 1st fighter in UFC history to defend a title belt in multiple weight classes via a 2nd round s…
This screening is part of A Tribute to Feng Xiaogang program honoring the artistic achievements of China’s leading popular filmmaker. The Tribute features a selection of Feng's acclaimed works--Cell Phone (2003) and Assembly (2007) on Oct. 24, Aftershock (2010) on Oct. 25, and I Am Not Madame Bovary (2016) on Oct. 30--culminating with the U.S. Premiere of Youth (2017) on Nov. 3, with a Q&A with the director.
Epic, tearjerking, yet quietly pointed in its depiction of the unequal social inheritances for men and women, Aftershock begins with the monster quake that devastated the Chinese northeastern industrial city of Tangshan in 1976. A sister and brother are buried in the rubble, and the question of their survival would reverberate through the next three decades in the lives of a son and mother, a daughter and father, and a daughter and her mothers. The film proved a seismic event as well, smashing box-office records in China as the country’s first domestic release in IMAX.
Tickets: Free with prior reservation. Click here to reserve your tickets. Patrons without reserved tickets will be admitted on a space-available only, first come-first served basis.
Parking: CAA underground lot; enter on Constellation Ave. and keep left for visitor’s entrance. Please note security may ask to open your trunk. Parking available on levels P1, P2 and P3 only; keep left to park on the CAA/2000 Avenue of the Stars side. Head to elevator and push ST (street) level to reach the main lobby at CAA. $15 flat rate. Pay at kiosks located in the stairwell at each parking level.
Institutional Presentation About Renova Shareholders Structure with solid Corporate Governance Controlling Shareholders 79.6% ON 0.0% PN 59.2% Total Other 36.8% ON 0.0% PN 27.4% Total 21.4% ON 0.0% PN
Meeting Manitobans Electricity Manitoba is growing and is expected to continue doing so. Over the last years the province has enjoyed an expanding population and economy. These increases have led to many
Belo Horizonte and Rio de Janeiro, October 15th 2015 Minas Gerais: a large and important state 226,000 square miles (Larger than France or Spain) 20 million people (Comparable to Australia) 2 nd largest
The Energy Situation in Mexico Mexico's total energy consumption in 2014 consisted mostly of : petroleum (45%), natural gas (40%). Natural gas is increasingly replacing oil in electric power generation.
9M10 Results Presentation November 5th, 2010 9M10: Highlights of the period EBITDA: 2,651m, +9% YoY EBITDA from Brazil: +28% YoY: 19% of EDP Group EBITDA in 9M10 Electricity distributed +15% YoY EBITDA
7th Annual Citi Brazil Equity Conference São Paulo Financial information as of March 31, 2014 Leading position in Brazil Gencos Discos Market share in Generation¹ AES Uruguaiana (Rio Grande do Sul) 640
Energy [R]evolution vs. IEA World Energy Outlook scenario New set of scenarios takes climate crisis into account World Energy Outlook (WEO) 2008 for the first time takes the climate crisis really into
Chapter 13 Quiz Multiple Choice Identify the choice that best completes the statement or answers the question. 1. Which of the following is the correct type of energy utilized to produce tidal power? a.
3Q07 Earnings Release November 2007 Terna Participações Strategy Operating and Financial Efficiency Sustainable Growth Social Responsibility 1 Highlights Recent Events Growth through secondary market -Acquisition
Asset Swap - Enersul and Rede Lajeado 1 Disclaimer This presentation may include forward-looking statements of future events or results according to regulations of the Brazilian and international securities
Electricity Supply Board Investor Presentation 2012 Interim Results December 2012 Disclaimer Forward looking statements: This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to ESB
A 90 minute drive from Inkosana Lodge brings one to the town of Kestell in the Free State, close to the Northern Drakensberg.
This is a good base for trips to the top of the Amphitheatre, but Karma backpackers, also arranges affordable self-drive day trips into Lesotho.
It is only a one hour slow drive to a village, taking you back a hundred years to the highest county in the world.
Zee guides you across rivers, past herdboys, and mountain men with hunting dogs to view Bushman paintings. Visit a school, taste home-brewed beer and enjoy a meal prepared by local women.
From Karma you can also follow Lolo on an easy 1km bicycle ride to the township of Tlholong in kestel. Visit families and enjoy the friendly atmosphere of taverns, let the traditional healer throw the bones for you. Lolo answers all your questions as you ride.
Skinny soul - Stop. Just stop. Don't cry. Your tears will make your soul tear apart. Don't cry. You will never be able to stop. You must be strong. "You are so brave!" ...
of course - of course you appeared just to show me that i’m unable to give up my feelings for you. as a human you never think that the stories can get real. you only i...
twenty one pilots' music video for 'Stressed Out' from the album, Blurryface - available now on Fueled By Ramen. Get it on…
But now we are three months in to watching people punch friends, neighbors, grandparents, children and innocent bystanders-- HARD-- each time using the excuse that one of your overrated automobiles- not ONE of which is an actual Volkswagen Bug- has just cruised by at a dangerous speed. And I can tell you that what was annoying in March has become downright nauseating in May.
Really, for how long do you intend to subject us to this viciousness? Do you really think it's funny or entertaining to watch grampa get socked in the nuts by his grandson as they wait for the light to change? To watch one passive-aggressive moron after another slam their fists into the person next to them, sometimes knocking them off-balance in the process? To watch a huffing and puffing pregnant woman take a moment away from measured breathing to listlessly slam her fist into her life partner's shoulder?
Do you realize that the actors in these commercials themselves seem thoroughly sick of this pitch? The punches are becoming heavier, more intentionally damaging, while the "Black Ones!' and "Red Ones!" are more and more formulaic and matter-of-fact. And the victims? They look ready to respond with a knife or a gun. And I can't say I blame them.
Can we please move on now? Violence is not funny. Your "Punch Dub Days" concept, harkening back to an earlier era of automotive travel in which Volkswagen made Bugs which looked different from all other cars on the road, was never a clever one. And now it's gone to seed. So please, spare us any further "let's watch people slam their fists into each other" commercials, ok? They aren't humorous, they don't make me want to buy one of your cars, and they don't leave me with a good opinion of your company. Quite frankly, they leave me angry and disgusted.
Please, let it go. We in the real world don't want to play your stupid, mean-spirited "game." And I for one am bored out of my mind watching cruelty played up as humor in your ads.
Well, when one considers who helped design the original V-Dub, this sort of crap doesn't surprise me as such. I expect to see wanton violence when the Hiltermobile is being flogged.
I hadn't thought of that- shouldn't a "Seig Heil!" be used rather than bashing someone in the arm when a Not-Bug comes rolling by?
What is up with the "punch" sound effect? It sounds like the grandpa has an encyclopedia in his pants.
thepapers- clearly, Volkswagen borrowed the sound effects guy from Rocky III. I guess the theory is that it's only funny if it sounds painful. One of the recipients of the "fun" actually cries out "ouch!" just to let us know that yes, you really should punch hard enough to hurt.
Starting and ending each day with a clean, bright smile is probably the most important grooming trick there is, and it's essential for keeping a cool, confident vibe throughout the week's events, shoots and meetings. So when Philips Sonicare asked me to try out its new smart toothbrush for a week and report back, I was in. The DiamondClean Smart 9700 proved to be a tool unlike anything I've used before.
Armed with a plethora of features, including three cleaning speeds and five different modes, the DiamondClean Smart builds a customizable dental hygiene plan based on your own personal goals—whether you're striving for healthier gums, whiter teeth, a deeper clean or all of the above. After only a week using the toothbrush I'm already noticing a whiter smile. Below are my five favorite features of the DiamondClean Smart and a few tips and tricks to use when you have your own.
The first thing that stands out about the toothbrush is its clean, minimal design. Slim, easy to use and offered in a subtle lunar blue colorway, aesthetically it's a welcome addition to any bathroom setup. But there's also a lot of brain packed in this beauty.
Thanks to a Bluetooth connection with the Sonicare app on your smartphone, the DiamondClean creates a virtual model of your mouth and can track your brushing. Location sensors inside the toothbrush detect exactly where you've brushed and show you in real time which spots may need a little more work, resulting in a more even clean throughout your mouth.
Arguably my favorite feature of the DiamondClean Smart is its smart charging capabilities. To charge, all you need to do is place it in the wireless charging glass included in your package. Doubling as a rinsing glass, this feature stylishly takes wireless charging to a new level. The charge lasts for two weeks, but if you're a traveler like me you'll love the travel case with a USB connector that plugs directly into your laptop for charging on the road.
The DiamondClean Smart comes with four different types of brush heads (plaque control, gum care, whitening, tongue care) and just by popping one on it knows exactly which one you chose. The toothbrush automatically adjusts to the optimal settings, but you can also customize them while you're brushing. Another nifty feature is that the brush heads know exactly when they need to be replaced, because you have enough things to worry about. Pro tip: don't brush in a scrubbing motion like you would with a regular toothbrush. The DiamondClean works best when you move it slowly from tooth to tooth, letting it do the scrubbing. If you forget, the toothbrush's sensor knows when you're trying to scrub and will politely request that you let it do the hard work.
As if the DiamondClean couldn't get any smarter, it also knows when you're brushing too hard—and has the alert to prove it. The instant it feels too much pressure, the DiamondClean starts gently pulsating and the light ring at the base of the toothbrush starts flashing to let you know you're trying too hard. Not only does this ensure the longevity of your toothbrush, but it protects your enamel from unwanted damage as well.
In features Tags philips sonicare, diamondclean smart toothbrush, men's grooming, men's lifestyle, men's style
This might have actually been considered Part 3, but we were pretty late getting into Austin. I don’t have a flash yet, and we were enjoying some great time with wonderful friends. We explored Austin and ate some delicious food. There is definitely something to be said for the foodie… View Post
My life’s passion is to help moms lead their ideal life. My hope is that I’ll be able to help you live that life as well. The life you were meant to live all the time and not just in those quiet moments at home.
Do you have those days when you wake up feeling like a frazzled mess? You know the days when you wake up and feel like why am I even trying? You know one of those days. The days when everything seems to be going wrong or you’re late for everything. It’s… View Post
Just before the weekend, Amos Toys kicked off their Miniature Plastic Workshop in London with a private opening on Thursday evening. The part exhibition, part pop-up shop houses a retrospective look at Amos’ various toy releases over the years and is an opportunity to purchase some long forgotten rarities.
The toy retrospective looks amazing, and it’s great to see so many of the various releases together in one place. The giant Caleb characters are a bit of a sight in themselves and there’s plenty to open your wallet for in the pop-up shop. The Workshop also hosts an exhibition of original artworks by Amos artist James Jarvis, many of which are available to purchase.
There’s still plenty of time to check out the show, as it runs until the end of the month. Full info can be found here. Check out a recap of the opening event below.
One of the three founding members of THE DAILY STREET, Adam is our Editor at TDS. Adam works in the streetwear industry for Out Of Step Ltd., specialising in both USA and UK brands. He also contributes to The Hundreds website.
The Dartmouth photographer Michael Lin '21 captures the food and drink experiences that supplement the perfect date.
I wrote the first draft of The Princesses of Iowa in a very methodical way: I made a chapter-by-chapter outline, listing one or two plot points per chapter, and then gave myself something like two weeks to write each chapter. Easy, right?
The problem was that I knew what was coming, and what was coming was big: there was a chapter, about two-thirds of the way through the book, that was going to be really, really awful for my protagonist. And I had no idea how to write it.
I was completely terrified. Not only was it a terrible, wrenching scene, and not only would it put my protagonist through hell, but also I was pretty sure I wasn’t a good enough writer to write the scene. It needed to be powerful and terrible without being melodramatic or even cheesy. I didn’t want it to sound like an After School Special. And with every chapter I finished, I grew more terrified, because I was that much closer to The Chapter. Like Grover, I wanted to nail the pages together so I’d never get there.
So naturally, I got all kinds of crazy about writing. I did everything I could to avoid writing the chapter (I can’t possibly write until I’ve hand-washed every square inch of the kitchen floor!) until finally I got tired of myself and my procrastinating brain. Labor Day was coming up, and I made a deal with myself: I could do whatever I wanted until then, but over the three-day Labor Day weekend I would lock myself in my house and I wouldn’t come out until the chapter was written.
At the time, I lived in this weird little house in the mountains outside Albuquerque, with just my dog for company. I stocked up on the essentials: beer, this particular green chile dip that you can’t get outside New Mexico, apples, ice cream. I turned off my cell phone, lit some candles, cranked up the music, stretched out on my gorgeous little loveseat, annnnnnd… I wrote.
It was hard going, for sure, and it took me all night (literally — I think I finished at 5 or 6 in the morning), but I did it. In less than my allotted three days, even! I have this very clear memory of meeting up with some friends to go to the zoo that Monday, and I felt so accomplished and proud of myself that I may as well have successfully run a marathon.
The most amazing thing about that chapter is that it exists, nearly unchanged, in the final version of the book. I re-wrote every other chapter a million times, but the only changes I ever made to that chapter were for continuity purposes — as I changed the book around it, I had to tweak some details of the chapter to match. And even now, when I read it, I think of that long night alone in my little mountain house, with my candlelight and my folk music and my determination.
Sometimes you just have to bash yourself against that wall, and keep writing until you break it down. That takes courage, and you have it. 🙂
I think the most amazing part of this story (besides frankly why, well-stocked with beer, chile dip and doggie, you EVER left your house!) is that the scene didn’t go through any significant revisions. THAT is remarkable.
And I love that you made the After-School Special comparison–I do that too! (Although the joke with me is that my endings can get too “Scooby-Doo” in early drafts) It can be so hard to get to the core of a scene, to draw out that emotional center, without going full-on cheez. And that you nailed it out of the gate is truly fantastic.
I read an interview with Andre Dubus that he had to write a scene where one of his characters dies. He loved the character and really didn’t want her to go. He tried writing the scene with every other possible outcome and it just didn’t work. He even put the WIP in the drawer for a long time just to avoid that scene. He said he had to gather the courage to do the deed and kill off this character. Amazing how so many of us go through this, right?!
You SHOULD be proud. It’s tough stuff, this business of writing. Good for you, and I can’t wait to read The Princesses of Iowa – now even more so I can find that scene!
Thanks, Joanne! I hope that by the time you get to the scene, you’ll be so wrapped up in the story you’ll have forgotten to be looking for it. 🙂
I never get more work done on my be-an-adult-dammit chores than when I have a project I don’t want to write! Very cool that the scene stayed unchanged. Say, does this mean that you’ll be on that shelf of almuni author works down in the little room in the basement of Burling Library?
Oh, maybe! I only ever went to the basement to read the graffiti on the bathroom walls (& add my own, of course), so I’m not sure I remember that shelf. I *do* remember a similar shelf in the bookstore though! In both cases: YES! Put my book on the fancy shelf!
I LOVE this story – and the ‘supplies’ you stocked up with to tackle that tough scene. That’s the hardest part of any emotional scene, isn’t it — making sure you don’t sound melodramatic or cheesy or After-School-Speciali-ish. Thanks for sharing. You SHOULD be proud!
Thanks, Melissa! Yeah, I always used to joke about how I’d answer when teenagers asked me about writing a novel. “Well, first you need beer….”
This is really interesting, but it doesn’t totally surprise me that your hardest scene stayed in tact. It sounds like you gave that scene more energy and attention than any other aspect of the story. It was so deliberate so of course you nailed it! I am SO excited to get my copy!
2018 Debs advice agents amwriting anxiety Author Interview authors Authors on the Web book launch books Cass Morris childhood Craft creativity debut author Debut Novel family fear food Friends gratitude Guest Author historical fiction inspiration Julie Clark Kaitlyn Patterson Sage Kimmery Martin Lara Lillibridge Life literary agents memoir News Flash nostalgia publishing rejection romantic comedy THE ONES WE CHOOSE the writing life travel what we're reading writers Writers' Resources writing writing process YA
This progressive program has trained five generations of designers who’ve formed the worldwide business. AFL CEO Gillon McLachlan and Myer CEO Richard Umber arrive at the Myer Marquee at the Birdcage. Image: Jack Thomas, Getty Pictures. Rebecca Judd within the Myer Marquee on the Birdcage. REGARDLESS OF early showers and a cold begin, celebrities have flocked to the Birdcage at Flemington, kicking off the primary day of the Melbourne Cup Carnival in type. Your design practice is contextualised via research in fashion historical past and idea, and you might be suggested throughout the course by main trade mentors.
Homeschool Applicants: The New Faculty welcomes functions from homeschool college students. All candidates are required to use online using the Frequent Application Save your work incessantly and print a copy to your information. Sam Wood in the Birdcage on Victoria Derby Day. BFA Fashion Design students dare to answer this question. Internal … Read the rest
The Earnings Tax Department NEVER asks for your PIN numbers, passwords or comparable entry data for credit cards, banks or other monetary accounts by means of e-mail. Compulsory taxation of individuals, such as earnings tax , is commonly justified on grounds including territorial sovereignty , and the social contract Defenders of enterprise taxation argue that it’s an efficient method of taxing income that ultimately flows to individuals, or that separate taxation of enterprise is justified on the grounds that industrial activity essentially includes use of publicly established and maintained financial infrastructure, and that businesses are in impact charged for this use.
Taxes are imposed at federal, state and native levels. Contribución territorial loc nom flocución nominal femenina: Unidad léxica estable formada de dos más palabras que funciona como sustantivo femenino (“casa de citas”, “zona cero”, “arma secreta”). Being in the 25{b8d29cbbc70ea08dff8ed643a2f8c28a9ab1d3e088b12bf070b448a58638513d} tax bracket doesn’t suggest you pay 25{b8d29cbbc70ea08dff8ed643a2f8c28a9ab1d3e088b12bf070b448a58638513d} on every … Read the rest
The system will direct you to the Tax information Community website maintained by NSDL for the payment of taxes. CGT nnoun: Refers to person, place, thing, high quality, etc. In order for you a summary of the gross sales taxes that were applied to your gross … Read the rest
YCCs are a partnership between Baltimore City Recreation & Parks and the Mayor’s Workplace of Legal Justice. ^ Emanuele Lobina, David Hall, & Vladimir Popov, “Checklist of water remunicipalisations in Asia and worldwide – As of April 2014”; Public Companies Worldwide Analysis Unit , University of Greenwich. Money or test funds must be made by the drive-through or at the customer support counter. Insigne found Mertens, who played a first-time edge-of-boot go to split City’s defence and an unmarked Insigne scored from close range.
When you use one in every of these serverices, be aware that the financial institution could also be producing a test and mailing it moderately than transferring funds electronically, so please permit sufficient time to avoide making a late cost. A city is a large human settlement 4 5 Cities generally have intensive systems for housing , transportation , sanitation , utilities , land use , … Read the rest
Efficiency racers and touring cyclists alike need know-how that can be counted on. We’ve got you coated with GPS bike computers, turn-by-flip navigation, bike-particular routing, cycling consciousness equipment and so much extra. They may give you safe bicycle parking, restore kits, informations about close by routes and much more. To be taught to cycle with confidence, see Cycling UK’s cycle coaching or Bikeability for info on training schemes, a few of that are free. An island-hopping bike tour along the gentle, quiet roads of the Outer Hebrides. These could be worn on bicycles or in indoor cycling lessons.
There are a number of methods to enjoy cycling in Scotland, with some brilliant options for cycling holidays and simply as many nice selections for short bike rides to pass a leisurely morning or an afternoon. Clinchers are commonly related to highway bikes because the excessive tire strain forces the lip of … Read the rest
Contemplate this your one cease store for the most recent beauty suggestions and tips and new should-have beauty merchandise. Important skincare products include pores and skin cleansers and soaps, day by day moisturizers with sunscreen, evening moisturizers, toners and masks. At goop, we are creating a new customary of beauty, one that we simply name clear,” which you will see in motion in our own beauty traces ( goop by Juice Beauty Skincare , goop Fragrance ), the goop Clean Beauty Shop , and in our editorial stories.
Forever 21’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Phrases is not going to be construed as a waiver of any provision or proper. If you disagree with any a part of the Terms then you need to discontinue access or use of the Website. You perceive and agree that it is your obligation to verify … Read the rest
Paste Music is house to the world’s largest reside-music archive, protecting every thing from rock and jazz to hip hop, country and pop. To give another example, whereas some artwork music pieces, corresponding to symphonies are very long, some pop songs are just a few minutes long. In classical music, instrumental performers, singers or conductors might gradually make modifications to the phrasing or tempo of a piece. Certainly, all through historical past, some new varieties or styles of music have been criticized as “not being music”, together with Beethoven ‘s Grosse Fuge string quartet in 1825, 3 early jazz to start with of the 1900s 4 and hardcore punk within the Eighties.
Pitch is a side of a sound that we will hear, reflecting whether one musical sound, be aware or tone is “greater” or “lower” than one other musical sound, observe or tone. In industrialized international locations, listening to … Read the rest
It is probably more importamt than ever than each Individuals and non-Individuals perceive the basics of the American political system as a result of, in Donald Trump, we’ve a US President who’s behaving fairly in contrast to his predecessors and successfully challenging the famed constitutional system of ‘checks and balances’. #WithFewExceptions clarification Trump’s tax lawyer claimed the president’s tax returns would present no revenue from Russia ” with few exceptions “. Social media pounced on the verbal loophole with mocking statements prefaced with the phrase, akin to “The Titanic was unsinkable” and “the Death Star was impenetrable”.
At the federal degree, every of the 2 major events has a national committee (See, Democratic Nationwide Committee , Republican Nationwide Committee ) that acts as the hub for much fund-elevating and campaign actions, notably in presidential campaigns. Donald Trump’s ailing-timed comments on protests by America’s elite athletes have given legitimacy to claims … Read the rest
California’s Unclaimed Property Law requires corporations, companies, associations, financial institutions, and insurance companies (referred to as “Holders”) to yearly report and ship property to the California State Controller’s Office after there was no activity on the account or contact with the owner for a period of time specified in the regulation – typically (three) three years or more. Close to my place in Melbourne, somebody held two auctions with out getting sufficient bids , earlier than finally selling their two bedroom residence for $915,000 (The hyperlink says there have been two auctions in complete, but they are not counting one where no one showed up besides me — simply sticky-beaking — so the crestfallen actual property agents have been compelled to cancel).
Tangible personal property nnoun: Refers to particular person, place, thing, high quality, etc. Property worth nnoun: Refers to person, place, factor, quality, and so on. The sale settlement … Read the rest
Safeguard yourself against unforeseen vehicle emergencies with MiWay’s comprehensive, reasonably priced and flexible cowl. In managing the claims dealing with operate, insurers search to balance the elements of customer satisfaction, administrative dealing with bills, and claims overpayment leakages. The loss may or may not be monetary, but it must be reducible to monetary phrases, and must involve one thing through which the insured has an insurable curiosity established by possession, possession, or preexisting relationship.
The safety provided by a liability insurance policy is twofold: a authorized defense within the event of a lawsuit commenced against the policyholder and indemnification (cost on behalf of the insured) with respect to a settlement or court verdict. Insurance can have various effects on society by way of the way that it modifications who bears the price of losses and harm.
Fidelity bond is a type of casualty insurance that covers policyholders for losses incurred … Read the rest
President Donald Trump’s Twitter account briefly disappeared on Thursday after it was deactivated by a Twitter customer help worker on their last day. Each World and the BBC Information Channel have additionally often needed to simulcast the identical news programme as a consequence of strike action or technical points; this occurred in 2003 when Tv Centre in London was affected by electrical problems.
Steven Slater has some recommendation for the “rogue” Twitter worker who had apparently deactivated President Donald Trump’s personal Twitter account on the person’s final day of labor. There is a simulcast of the 05:00 UK version of BBC World News on BBC One and the BBC News channel , followed by an version of World Business Report This programme was previously branded as ‘The World In the present day’.
BBC World started broadcasting on Monday, sixteen January 1995 at 19:00 GMT and became a 24-hour English free-to-air … Read the rest
Registering with Peterborough Telegraph means you’re happy with our phrases and circumstances. Officers with the Wichita Police Department are searching for a person who is apparently approaching elderly residents and offering to assist with Medicare purposes. A former teacher of the 12 months for a northeast Kansas faculty district has been charged with intercourse crimes with a teenager.
The Riley County Police Department said in a news release Sunday that victim was 48-yr-outdated Carrie Alicia Jones, of Junction City. A dog owner has been charged with animal cruelty and making a false police report after he reporting discovering the pit bull he allegedly left to die in a Wichita alley. The loss of life of a lady discovered lying in undergrowth in Houghton Regis is now being treated as ‘non-suspicious’ by police.
A Wichita teenager who’s been accused in the manslaughter of a transgender girl, claims it was self protection. … Read the rest
Paste Politics gives information, investigative reporting and evaluation on U.S. and international politics. #socialRegistrationForm socialRegistration_firstName socialRegistration_lastName socialRegistration_emailAddress socialRegistration_displayName By clicking “Create Account”, I confirm that I have learn and understood every of the web site phrases of service and privateness policy and that I agree to be sure by them. The Division of Politics at The New School for Social Research takes a particular strategy to the research of politics.
This will rely on the variety of applications received and the number of candidates who have met the Customary Tutorial Entry Necessities). Applicants who are made a conditional provide must achieve the Normal S6 Educational Entry Requirements famous under. Standard S6 Tutorial Entry Necessities: AAAAAB. Why it matters: That the president hired a legal with compromising, illicit ties to Ukrainian oligarchs and Russian government figures, and then continued to employ his longtime enterprise associate even after Manafort himself was fired, … Read the rest
Merrill Edge Guided Investing: Introducing a web based funding advisory program that mixes the most effective of on-line investing with a professionally managed portfolio — all at a low price. Custodial accounts assist you to make investments for a child and make the most of the decrease tax charge given to minors. This pricing only applies to trades positioned by means of an accessible Automated Service (as such time period is defined in RBC Direct Investing’s Operation of Account Agreement), including the web investing website and cell utility. Sure financial institution managed advisory products and associated companies, resembling custody companies, are provided by JPMorgan Chase Financial institution, N.A. and its affiliates.
However not like the banking world, where deposits are guaranteed by federal deposit insurance coverage, the value of stocks , bonds , and other securities fluctuates with market circumstances. You may open a TD Direct Investing account over the … Read the rest
Our distinctive combination of countryside biking activities, sightseeing and genuine cultural tour will take you distant from the regular tourist itinerary and off the beaten observe” deep into rural Bali the place it is possible for you to to see bamboo forest, traditional villages, historic temples, local customs and rituals in addition to age-outdated traditions of Balinese individuals.
The events take place in the natural atmosphere, over quite a lot of out of doors terrains, from city parks to countryside fields, forests and mountain sides – wherever there is snow. This thrilling new development will comprise a variety of 3, four and 5 bed room detached and semi-detached houses. An excellent new growth within the coronary heart of East London, situated just off St Paul’s Approach, with great links into the Metropolis and close to to the well-known Mile Finish and Victoria Parks.
Wichita police have arrested two people and are trying to find a third after a reported housebreaking in College Hill. Registering with The Scarborough News means you’re happy with our phrases and conditions. Registering with Lancashire Night Submit means you’re happy with our phrases and conditions. Registering with Yorkshire Evening Put up means you’re happy with our terms and situations.
A Wichita teenager who’s been accused within the manslaughter of a transgender woman, claims it was self defense. Registering with Edinburgh Night Information means you’re happy with our terms and circumstances. A registered sex offender is being charged with two counts of aggravated sexual assault after two hair salon staff informed police they had been inappropriately touched.
Registering with The News means you’re pleased with our terms and circumstances. Two carjacking suspects are in custody following an in a single day police pursuit that resulted in north St. Louis County. … Read the rest
However the provision within the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive regulation, any arbitration performed pursuant to the phrases of this Privateness Policy shall be ruled by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16). Erbil International Marathon – Organizers stated 20{b8d29cbbc70ea08dff8ed643a2f8c28a9ab1d3e088b12bf070b448a58638513d} of participants had been female. If you do not want to grant ENDLESSLY 21 the permission set out above on these terms, please don’t submit User Content material.
Erbil International Marathon – A professional Kurdish runner warms up in the beginning line. By clicking join, I accept the Privateness Coverage and Terms of Use It’s possible you’ll unsubscribe at any time. Ceaselessly 21 collects info that you just present to us or that we study you out of your use of our Web sites or shopping at our stores, as described in this Privacy Policy.
House Republicans launched investigations on two separate fronts Tuesday targeting the Obama administration and Hillary Clinton. A FOX10 News investigation, “Could of Uncertainty,” has found more than a dozen chemical leaks on the Olin Company plant in McIntosh have not been reported to the Alabama Department of Environmental Management (ADEM). That is clearly very high degree and sensitive data but is a part of Russia and its authorities’s assist for Mr. Trump,” an e mail concerning the assembly mentioned partially.
This might be the Police and Crime Commissioner, the Widespread Council for the Metropolis of London, or the Mayor’s Workplace for Policing and Crime. The province’s Particular Investigations Unit has started an investigation into the circumstances surrounding an arrest early Sunday morning in Etobicoke. In the wake of the indictments of former Trump marketing campaign staffers Paul Manafort and Rick Gates and the general public information of marketing campaign adviser … Read the rest
Some folks have to pay federal income taxes on their Social Security benefits. To create a system of taxation, a state must make decisions concerning the distribution of the tax burden—who will pay taxes and how a lot they’ll pay—and the way the taxes collected will likely be spent. Profit Earlier than Tax nnoun: Refers to particular person, place, factor, quality, and so on. Impuesto per cápita loc nom mlocución nominal masculina: Unidad léxica estable formada de dos más palabras que funciona como sustantivo masculino (“ojo de buey”, “agua mala”).
Alibaba can also be leveraging the cloud to ship big-information providers to small and medium-measurement companies world wide. The Riverside Firm is a worldwide personal equity agency centered on making control and non-management investments in rising companies valued at up to $four hundred million. Executives have said on report that the affect of automation and elevated digital business is leading to the less … Read the rest
beauty being bills books boxing brexit business college companies countryside cricket economy enterprise events family financial finest greatest headlines health information insurance international journey latest luxury music newest offers online opera politics property results rugby science society system technology theatre tours travel union vacation world
Forward Partners helps ecommerce founders from raw idea through to Series A with a combination of investment, proven methodologies and office space. Our team knows how to build startups. Drawing on experience gained in companies such as Facebook, Mind Candy and HouseTrip, we've developed tools and services to help entrepreneurs execute with speed and focus.
We run regular Office Hours for solo founders of ecommerce companies at the idea stage. The next one is on May 7th. I'd love to see you there!
We run regular events and workshops, hosting world-class speakers and offering practical training sessions with our team of startup experts.
The next one is on June 3rd when Gearoid O'Rourke will talk to us about design, product and growth. Registration to open soon.
');}; adSlotToAdd.push('adPosition-'+count); //add slot name var newNode = myNode.nextSibling; //The node created in this loop //	console.log(newNode); var s = document.createElement('script'); s.type = 'text/javascript'; var code = 'googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.defineSlot(adUnit, [300, 250], "adPosition-'+count+'").setTargeting("pos", "i").addService(googletag.pubads()); googletag.display("adPosition-'+count+'"); });'; //console.log(code) s.appendChild(document.createTextNode(code)); newNode.appendChild(s); } count = count+1; //increment values graphNum = count*insertPoint; } };
9/6 at 9:14 p.m. Harley Stanley, 35, of Murch Road, was arrested on Route 1 by Officer Rebecca Kavanaugh on an outstanding warrant from another agency and charges of unlawful possession of scheduled drugs and violating conditions of release.
9/9 at 2:47 a.m. Richard Kenney, 21, of Lisbon Street, Lisbon Falls, was arrested on Wardtown Road by Officer Matthew Moorhouse on a charge of operating under the influence.
9/9 at 10:23 a.m. Kim Bordeleau, 41, of Pinkham Brook Road, Durham, was arrested on Interstate 295 south by Officer William Brown on charges of violating conditions of release, operating under the influence, and operating without a license.
9/11 at 12:17 p.m. Carlton Cressey, 35, of Cedar Lane, was arrested on Main Street by Marine Resource Officer Charles Tetreau on an outstanding warrant from another agency.
9/11 at 11:28 p.m. Breanna Cota, 23, of Wing Street, Lisbon Falls, was arrested on Wardtown Road by Officer Rebecca Kavanaugh on a charge of operating under the influence.
9/10 at 5:47 p.m. Patrick Bryer, 36, of Turner Street, Auburn, was issued a summons on Durham and Black Hawk roads by Officer Rebecca Kavanaugh on a charge of speeding at least 30 mph over the limit.
9/7 at 9:06 a.m. Devin Fry, 24, of Old Portland Road, Brunswick, was issued a summons on Main Street and Justin’s Way by Officer Thomas Gabbard on a charge of operating with a suspended or revoked license.
'); adSlotToAdd.push('adPosition-1'); //add slot name var newNode = myNode.nextSibling; //The node created in this loop // console.log(newNode); var s = document.createElement('script'); s.type = 'text/javascript'; var code = 'googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.defineSlot(adUnit, [300, 250], "adPosition-1").setTargeting("pos", "i").addService(googletag.pubads()); googletag.display("adPosition-1"); });'; //console.log(code) s.appendChild(document.createTextNode(code)); newNode.appendChild(s); } } }());
Categories: Dalian > Port cities and towns in China > Populated coastal places in China > Cities in Liaoning > Prefecture-level divisions of Liaoning > China �?�?�?¢�?�??�?�?��?�??�?�?? Soviet Union relations
In the Qin and Han periods (221 B.C.-220 A.D.), the Dalian region was under the jurisdiction of Liaodong county. During the 3rd century through 5th century, when China was split into Sixteen Kingdoms, The neighbor kingdom of Goguryeo maintained control of this region. In the early Tang Dynasty (618-907), the Dalian region was under the jurisdiction of Andong Prefecture in Jili state, and in the Liao Dynasty (916-1125), it was under the jurisdiction of Dong Jing Tong Liaoyang county. Dalian was named Sanshan in the period of Weijin (220-420), San Shanpu in the Tang Dynasty (618-907), Sanshan Seaport in the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), and Qing Niwakou in the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911).
In the 1880s, the Qing government constructed loading bridges and fortifications with built-in cannons, and set up mining camps on the northern coast of Dalian Bay, and it became a small town. At that time, Jinzhou, north of downtown Dalian, now Dalian City's Jinzhou District, was a walled town and the center of political and economic activities of this area.
The settlement was occupied by the British in 1858,[3] returned to the Chinese in the 1880s, and then occupied by Japan in 1895 during the first Sino-Japanese War. Nearby Port Arthur was named after Prince Arthur, one of Queen Victoria's sons.
While Japan's intention to lease Port Arthur and its surrounding areas, based on the Treaty of Shimonoseki, met with the Tripartite Intervention by France, Germany and Russia, the Russian Empire in 1898 succeeded in leasing the peninsula from the Qing Dynasty, and a modern city was laid out with the name of Dalny (Дальний).[4] Linked to the Trans-Siberian Railway's branch line, Dalny became Russia's primary port-city in Asia. The Russian government contributed more than 10 million golden rubles (equivalent to 11,5 bn of today's rubles) into the city foundation and building.
Both Dalny (Qingniwaqiao 青泥洼桥 of Zhongshan District, Dalian) and Port Arthur (Lüshunkou) were developed and heavily fortified by the Russians in the period prior to 1904. Consequently, some historians blame the fall of Port Arthur during the siege of Port Arthur on January 2, 1905 for the failure by Admiral Eugene Alexeyeff to concentrate on the naval base and its fortifications, instead splitting precious resources shipped 5,000 miles across the single tracked Trans-Siberian Railway and Manchurian railways.
After the Russo-Japanese war Port Arthur was conceded to Japan (Treaty of Portsmouth), who set up the Kwantung Leased Territory or Guandongzhou, which is roughly the southern half (Jinzhou District and south) of the present-day Dalian City. Since the foundation of Manchukuo in 1932, the sovereignty of the territory moved from China to Manchukuo. Japan still leased it from Manchukuo. In 1937, the modern Dalian City was enlarged and modernized by the Japanese as two cities: the northern Dairen (Dalian) and the southern Ryojun (Lushun).
With the unconditional surrender of Japan in August 1945, Dalian passed to the Soviets, who had liberated the city in advance of the end of hostilities and governed the city until 1950. During this period the Soviets and Chinese Communists cooperated in the further development of the city, its industrial infrastructure, and especially the port, which remained as the free port rented by the Soviet government. The city had been relatively undamaged during the war.
In 1950, the USSR presented Dalian to the Chinese Communist government without any compensation. Soviet troops left in 1955. After the departure of the Soviets, China made Dalian into a major shipbuilding center. In the 1990s the city benefited from the attention of Bo Xilai (son of the important first generation Party elder, Bo Yibo) who was both mayor of the city and provincial party official, who, among other things, banned motorcycles, created large, lush parks in the city's many traffic circles, and generally built things up very attractively. He also preserved much of Dalian's interesting and attractive Japanese and Russian architectural heritage. He is the former Minister of Commerce of the People's Republic.
One of the most heavily developed industrial areas of China, the Dalian administrative district today consists of Dalian proper and the smaller Lüshunkou (formerly Lüshun city, known in western and Russian historic references as Port Arthur), about forty nautical miles farther along the Liaodong Peninsula. Historical references note that the Russian designed city of Dalny (Alt. Dalney), on the south side of Talien Bay was 40 kilometers from Port Arthur/Lüshun (known today as Lüshunkou or literally, Lüshun Port).
Dalian is located west of the Yellow Sea and east of Bohai Sea roughly in the middle of the Liaodong peninsula at its narrowest neck or isthmus. With a coastline of 1,906 km, it governs the entire Liaodong Peninsula and about 260 surrounding islands and reefs. It is seated at south-south-west of the Yalu River, and its harbor entrance forms a sub-Bay known as Dalian Bay.
In general, the condition of environment quality was good. The average content of the four pollutants in the air reached Class Ⅱ of National Ambient Air Quality Standards and there were 353 days with air pollution index (API) over Class Ⅱ (Good), including 108 excellent days with Class Ⅰ(Superior).[5] Dalian frequently ranks Grade 2 for air pollution according to SEPA.[6]
The water quality of offshore marine space maintained stable overall. The annual average content of monitoring indicators for water quality met Class-II of the national seawater quality standard, except Inorganic Nitrogen in Dalian Bay and southern coast. The water quality of drinking water sources maintained good and complied with Class-III of Environmental Quality Standards for Surface Water.
The urban traffic noise was in line with the national regulations and standards. Dalian won 6th Kitakyushu Environment Award.
The city's climate is a monsoon-influenced humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dwa), characterised by humid summers due to the East Asian monsoon, and cold, windy, dry winters that reflect the influence of the vast Siberian anticyclone. Average low temperatures in January are at around -6° C, while average high temperatures in July are at around 27°C. Annual precipitation averages 610 mm but can vary greatly from year to year.
Dalian is the second largest city of Liaoning Province, after Shenyang, the provincial capital. Dalian City is governed by the Mayor and its Dalian Municipal People's Government.
The Municipal Government is located in the main building on the north side of People's Square on Zhongshan Road, originally built as the Administrative Office of Kwantung Leased Territory, and other buildings in downtown Dalian. There are the Commerce, Foreign Economy & Trade, Hygiene, Information Industry, Police, Religion, Science & Technology, Transportation and other city-level bureaus, which work closely with the corresponding agencies at the district level.
Ganjingzi, Zhongshan, Xigang, and Shahekou Districts make up the urban centre. Changhai County is made up entirely of islands east of the peninsula.
Permanent population of Dalian at the end of 2008 totaled 6.13 million. The total registered population on household was 58,337 thousand, with a net increase of 51.8 thousand over the previous year, of which, non-farming population was 34,783 thousand, accounting for 59.6 percent; farming population 23,554 thousand, accounting for 40.4 percent.[1]
The city has enjoyed a continuous double-digit increase in GDP since 1992. In 2008, the city's GDP registered a 16.5 percent increase, reaching RMB385.8 billion, while per capita GDP hit RMB62,940. According to a nationwide appraisal by the National Bureau of Statistics, Dalian ranks eighth among Chinese cities in terms of overall strength. The city’s main industries include machine manufacturing, petrochemicals and oil refining, and electronics.
Seventeen enterprises in shipbuilding, internal-combustion engines, and finished oil and bearings are the largest firms of their kind in the country. Dalian is an excellent location for businesses involved in metal and lumber processing, component parts consolidation and distribution.
The city is also striving to build up an IT and software center – it is now an increasingly important software exporter to Japan. Finance and other service industries are growing as well. At present, some 23 foreign-funded banks and financial institutions have set up branches or agencies in the city. The exhibition industry is also doing well. The Xinghai Convention and Exhibition Center has hosted over 300 events, including the Dalian Import and Export Commodities Fair and Dalian International Garment Fair.
Dalian was originally an agriculture and aquaculture-based area, which, after the opening of the ferry between Yantai and Lüshun during the early 20th century, began to be populated by the farmers and fishermen of Shandong, across the Yellow Sea. Corn, vegetables, fruit such as apples, cherries and pears are Dalian's typical agricultural products. Aquaculture is well developed in Dalian, exporting seaweed, scallops, sea urchins and others to Japan, Korea and other countries.
Even before and during the Sino-Japanese War, the shipbuilding and locomotives industries were a thriving industry, such as the companies which later became Dalian Shipbuilding Co. and Dalian Locomotive & Roll Stock Works (DLoco). After the War, Dalian became an important center of the heavy and light industries, including companies such as Dalian Heavy Industry Co., Dalian Chemical Group, and Wafangdian Bearing Co.; and of the distribution industry, including such as Dashang Group. Overseas retailing giants, such as Wal-Mart from U.S.A., Carrefour from France and Metro from Germany have recently opened stores in Dalian. Mycal, the Japanese retailing chain store, was bought out by its Chinese partner, Dashang Group, and is operated as Mykal.
Dalian Port is emerging as a very important port for international trade. A new harbor for oil tankers, at the terminus of an oil pipeline from the Daqing oilfields, was completed in 1976. Dalian is the largest petroleum port in China, and also the 3rd largest port overall. Accordingly, Dalian is a major center for oil refineries, diesel engineering, and chemical production. Also completed recently is a newer port on Dagushan Peninsula on the northern suburbs, specializing in import/export of mining and oil products. Together with its Dalian Railroad Station, Dalian International Airport and two major express roads to Shenyang-Changchun-Harbin in the north and to Dandong to the east, Dalian has become an important distribution center. Dalian International Airport is the largest airport in Northeast China, and has direct flights to Tokyo, Osaka, Seoul, Taipei and several other Asian cities.
Dalian has been given many benefits by the Chinese government, including the title of "open-city" (1984), which allows it to receive considerable foreign investment (see Special Economic Zone). The Development Zone was established in Jinzhou District, to which many Japanese manufacturing companies, such as Canon, Mitsubishi Electric, Nidec, Sanyo Electric and Toshiba, followed by Korean, American and European companies (such as Pfizer). In March 2007, Intel announced plans to build a semiconductor fabrication facility (commonly known as a fab) in the Development Zone, Dalian. It is Intel's first fab to be built at an entirely new site in over 15 years. The fab at Dalian will make the chip sets that support Intel's microprocessors and is expected to begin operation in the first half of 2010. (Source: The Wall Street Journal; March 26, 2007; Page B6)
Dalian is the financial center of Northeast China. There are the Dalian branches of China's five major banks: Bank of China, Industrial & Commercial Bank of China, China Construction Bank, Bank of Communications, and Agricultural Bank of China. Dalian Commercial Bank is now called Dalian Bank, which among other things handles processing of the Dalian Mingzhu IC Card for public transportation. Foreign banks, such as Citibank, Standard Chartered Bank, HSBC, Bank of East Asia, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi and Mizuho Corporate Bank also have branch offices. JPMorgan Chase, ABN,Deutsche Bank are also intending to open branches in Dalian, due to the city's prosperous population and booming industry.
Dalian Commodity Exchange is the only one of its kind in China, expanding the futures market beyond soybeans. A "Financial Street" around the new Commodity Exchange building is now being planned.
Since the 1990s Dalian City has emphasized the development of the IT industry, especially in Dalian Hi-Tech Zone and Dalian Software Park in the western suburbs near Dalian University of Technology. There, there are not only Chinese IT companies, such as DHC, hisoft and Neusoft Group, but also American, European, Indian and Japanese IT companies, such as Accenture, Dell, Genpact, HP, IBM, Liferay, SAP AG, Oracle Corporation, Siemens, Alpine, CSK Holding, Panasonic, NEC, Sony, Cisco,Netapp, British Telecom, Aspect, and Fidelity. Currently, the "Lushun South Road Software Industry Belt" Plan is proceeding, including Dalian Software Park Phase 2.
Dalian has recently become an important center for information technology offshoring and business process outsourcing, similar to Bangalore in India; the city was described in "The World Is Flat" by Thomas Friedman (2007). In another way, Dalian is the forerunner of China's "Re-Development of the Old Industry Bases in Northeast" National Project, which began in 2002.
The Intel Fab 68 project is under construction in Dalian. The plan was announced on 26th, Mar., 2007. It is Intel's first chip-manufacturing fabrication in East Asia.
Dalian is a very popular destination among Chinese tourists and foreign visitors, especially from Japan, South Korea and Russia. Its mild climate and multiple beaches as well as its importance in the modern history of China make it an especially nice place to visit. Some of the most famous beaches are Tiger beach, Xinghai beach, Jinshitan beach and Fujiazhuang beach. It is one of the three Best Tourism Cities (2006), along with Hangzhou and Chengdu, recognized by the National Tourism Administration.
Zhongshan Square (Dalian) (including the Modern Buildings on Zhongshan Square in Dalian) and Friendship Square
Laohutan is famed for its natural scenery. There is the Underwater World, the Bird Park and the recently completed Polar Region Zoo. The dolphin show is a major attraction for the Polar Region Zoo.
Xinghai Square was built at the centennial of the City of Dalian (1998) and is slated to be East Asia's largest square. Xinghai beach is in side Xinghai Park. It is about 800m long and is an excellent place for swimming.
Jinshitan beach, the Golden Pebble Beach is a tourist attraction with splendid coves and rock formations. There is also a golf course (Jinshitan International Golf Course), cross country motorcycling, a theme park (Dalian Discoveryland) and a game forest. It is a good place for someone who wants silence and peace and it is excellent for swimming too.
The fiercest battle site and the signing site of the ceasefire treaty, of the Battle of Lüshun during the Russo-Japanese War (1904-05).
Dalian is one of the many cities in China where there are no longer many bicycles, and where there are few motorcycles, because their sale is prohibited. The number of cars on Dalian streets has increased dramatically in recent years, but traffic continues to circulate relatively smoothly. The city has a comprehensive bus system and an efficient Dalian Metro system, usually called Qinggui (轻轨), which connects Dalian Development Zone and Jinshitan with downtown Dalian. Trams in Dalian is the second oldest in China.
Dalian has a modern and recently (2006) expanded international airport, Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport, with direct flights to the most major cities in China, and to the selected cities in Japan and South Korea.
The city's location means that train trips to most Chinese cities outside China's northeastern region require changing trains in Shanghai or Beijing. Most of the direct city to city express trains are overnight trips. In August 2007 construction started on a Harbin-Dalian high speed passenger railway, which is expected to be completed in 2013, connecting Harbin, Dalian, Changchun, and Shenyang.[8]
In addition to local and express bus service to Beijing and other areas in the northeast, Dalian is connected by passenger ship service to neighbouring coastal cities, such as Tianjin and Yantai, as well as Incheon, South Korea.
Dalian was rated No 1 of the most livable city in China in 2006 according to China Daily.[9] Dalian is widely regarded as one of the most beautiful cities of China, and it is often compared with San Francisco or Seattle.
Standard Mandarin is usually spoken in Dalian because it is a city with people from various locations. Among the Dalianites, however, the Dalian dialect is used, which belongs to the Jiao Liao Mandarin subgroup spoken from Shandong Province to Liaoning Province. The majority of the original Dalianites were the poor farmers and fishermen who had come from Shandong Province in a large population move called "Chuang Guandong". Among the Dalian dialect's features are a few loanwords from Japanese and Russian, reflecting its history of foreign occupation [10], which is a very rare case in the Chinese language.
Sports play a big role in the local culture. The city's mayor encouraged a top league football team with foreign aid and a lot of city cash to increase the city's image in the country and bring local fame. They have been caught out several times though and the heyday of the Super Team has passed. The city's football team has dominated the sport in China and Asia by winning 7 titles out of the past 9 years of Chinese professional football league. The city is also a powerhouse producing numerous track and field champions.
The Dalian's football club is Dalian Shide (大连实德), one of fifteen teams in the Chinese Super League. Prior to 2000, they were known as Dalian Wanda (大连万达). Dalian Shide(Wanda) achieved success as:
Xinghai Square(星海广场), the Xinghai Conference Center, the Dalian World Expo Center and the hotels on Renmin Rd. are the places where Dalian's major annual events are held: Fireworks Displays (Chinese New Year, May 1 and October 1), Dalian International Walking Festival (May), Dalian Locust Flower Festival (May), Dalian International Marathon (June), China International Software & Information Service Fair (June), Dalian International Beer Festival (July-August), Dalian International Auto Show (August) and Dalian International Fashion Week (September).
Every September Dalian hosts the Dalian International Fashion Festival (大连国际服装节). This festival is a chance for many major foreign companies to showcase their new products and sign up buyers. Before the festival, the city holds an opening ceremony attended by government officials as well as famous stars of the entertainment world.
Dalian is the home of three zoological parks: Dalian Forest Zoo, Sun Asia Ocean World, and Polar World. The Forest Zoo has a free-range animal section as well as a more traditional zoo. Shengya Ocean World includes an underwater conveyor through a transparent tunnel. Polar World is the only park devoted to polar animals in China. Dalian is also home to a number of public squares, including Xinghai Square.and it also famous for beer festivals, every year it attracts a lot of tourism.
The local cuisine heavily depends on variety of fresh seafood and fruits, both of which are abundant in the area.
The computer game Battlefield 2 has a single-player/multiplayer map labeled as the "Dalian Plant", wherein the United States Marine Corps engages the People's Liberation Army to take control over an nuclear power plant. However, in reality, there presently aren't any nuclear power plants in or near Dalian. (Although Hongyanhe Nuclear Power Plant[11] is being built in Wafangdian, part of Dalian Prefecture-level City - over 100 from Dalian city center).
Japan maintains a Consulate General office and a JETRO office in Dalian, reflecting a relatively large Japanese population.
Japan Chamber of Commerce & Industry has about 700 corporate members. Those Japanese who had lived in Dalian before the War have organized the Dalian Society. There are such voluntary groups as the Lilac Society (for women) and the Dalian Mountaineering Association.
Five religions (Taoism, Buddhism, Catholicism, Protestantism and Islam) are "officially approved" by the Chinese government. Taoist temples are not found in downtown Dalian, but in Lushunkou District (Longwang Temple), and in Jinzhou District (Jinlong Temple in Daweijia, Xiangshui Temple at the foot of Dahei Mountain, and Zhenwu Temple in Liangjiadian). Buddhist temples are in downtown Dalian (Songshan Temple on Tangshan Street), on the northern side of Anzi Mountain (Anshan Temple), at Daheishi (Thousand-Hand Buddha & 500 Luohan Statues), in Lushunkou District (Hengshan Temple at Longwangtan), and in Jinzhou District 'Guanyinge-Shengshui Temple on Dahei Mountain). Dalian Islamic Mosque is on Beijing Street.
Dalian Catholic Church (built in 1926) is in downtown Dalian, west of Dalian Railway Station. Protestant churches are near Zhongshan Square (Yuguang Street Church, the former Dalian Anglican Church, built in 1928 in the British Consulate General's premises by the Church of England and Anglican Church of Japan jointly), on Changjiang Road (Beijing Street Church, now called Cheng-en Church, originally built in 1914 by the Danish Lutheran Church), on Xi'an Road (Christian Church for the Korean Chinese), east of the airport (the newly built Harvest Church, which can seat 4000 people), in Jinzhou (the newly built Jinzhou Church) and in Lüshunkou District (Lüshun Church, a former Danish Lutheran church). There are many other underground Christian fellowships ("house churches").
Toshiro Mifune (三船 敏郎, Mifune Toshirō?), Mifune Toshirō (1 April 1920 – 24 December 1997) was a famous Japanese actor who appeared in almost 170 feature films. He was born in Qingdao, China, to Japanese parents, and grew up in the Chinese city of Dalian[12] with his parents and two siblings.
Dong Jie, (Chinese: 董洁; Born April 19, 1980) is a popular actress from Dalian, Liaoning, China. In 2000 she played the female role of Wu Ying in a Zhang Yimou art-house film. Her movie, Happy Times (幸福時光), was also extensively filmed in and around the city of Dalian.[13]
Yu Nan (Chinese: 余男; Born September 5, 1978) is a Chinese actress born in Dalian. She played a small role in the Wachowski brothers' live-action adaptation of Speed Racer.
There were 23 general institutions of higher education (and another 7 privately-run colleges), 108 secondary vocational schools, 80 ordinary middle high schools, 1,049 schools for nine-year compulsory education and 1,432 kindergartens in Dalian. The students on campus of all levels (including kindergartens) totaled 1108 thousand.
Some universities are undergoing relocations from the metropolitan area to the suburban districts. In 2007, Dalian University of Foreign Languages (except for its Schools of Chinese Studies 汉学院 and Continuous Education 培训部) and Dalian Medical University (except its Hospital) were moved to Lüshunkou District, just east of Baiyin Mountain Tunnel (白银山).
Missouri State University Branch Campus Dalian is a dual management private school with a western director.
^ "Dalian Chief investment portal: 大连投资政务门户网站" (in Chinese). Dalian Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation Bureau. http://www.sfj.dl.gov.cn/servlet/TableList?cmd=detail&tbname=news&id=200806120003. Retrieved 2008-07-25.
^ Czarist Russia brought in their finest architects to this insignificant fishing village to build their dream city, a "Paris in the Far East", copying the layout and architecture of Paris. Nicholas II named the city "Dal'nii" - the faraway place - and declared it a tax-free commercial port., Kuramoto pg 20.
^ "Work begins on Harbin-Dalian passenger-only rail line". People's Daily Online. 2007-08-24. http://english.people.com.cn/90001/90776/6247071.html.
Hidden categories: Settlement articles without coordinates type parameter | Articles containing traditional Chinese language text | Articles containing simplified Chinese language text | Articles containing Japanese language text | Articles containing Korean language text | Articles containing Russian language text | Articles containing Chinese language text
Dalian (大连; Dàlián) [1] is the second largest city in Liaoning Province, Dongbei (North East), China and the largest port in northern China as well as a major destination for Chinese tourists. Located at the southern tip of the Liaodong Peninsula, the main part of the city is on its own sub-peninsula, with the port to the north of the town centre and natural coastline dotted with beaches to the east and south.
Dalian, as a city, is young by Chinese standards, dating from 1898, though smaller settlements had long existed in the area. Like Hong Kong, Shanghai and Qingdao, Dalian's development stemmed from colonial occupation, in this case by Russia. Under Russian rule Dalian, or Dalny as it was known, became the southern tip of the Trans-Siberian Railway and the main port of the eastern Russian empire. Following the Russian defeat in the Russo-Japanese war of 1904-5, the city was transferred to Japanese control and renamed Dairen. The Chinese government resumed control following the Second World War (though the city was jointly run with Russia until 1955) and in 1950 was again renamed by the newly formed Communist regime, this time to Luda City. There followed a period of relative stagnation until the city (once again named Dalian) was opened up to foreign investment in 1984. This sparked the first period of redevelopment of the city, the second period coming with the appointment of Bo Xilai as mayor. Under Bo's stewardship, the city became a model example of redevelopment, with extensive redevelopment of its infrastructure and open spaces and a new focus on tourism and commerce and away from heavy industry.
Dalian is less reliant on heavy industry than its Northeast counterparts, and what heavy industry there is is mostly located in the development zone far outside the city center. This, combined with the city's many parks and green hills, wide thoroughfares and army of street cleaners, make Dalian a more pleasant city to visit and live in than most Chinese cities of comparable size. Though most of the tourist industry in the city is targeted at the domestic, rather than international, market, overseas tourists should still find enjoyment in the city. The large number of foreign businesses in the city and foreign students and teachers at the city's many universities ensure that there are plenty of companies (from upmarket hotels to bars and coffee houses) which cater to those who do not call China their native home. The city has a population of around 6,000,000. Dalian's perhaps most abuzz when it hosts the World Economic Forum's Annual Meeting of the Champions (summer Davos).
Mandarin is the main language of Dalian, and most Dalianese speak a fairly standard version of the dialect, though the local variety (known as Dalian-hua and related to the Shandong dialect) can sometimes be hard to follow for those unfamiliar with it. As in the rest of China, English is increasingly spoken, but still not understood by most Dalianese. Outside of the more expensive hotels and businesses that cater to overseas customers, a grasp of basic Mandarin phrases (at least) is advisable.
The city is best visited in summer or autumn, any time between Jun and Oct. However, during the summer school holidays (early Jul-late Aug) the city attracts large numbers of domestic tourists, making long distance transport tickets and hotel rooms harder to find and some sights more expensive. The Labour Day (one week around May 1), National Day (one week around Oct 1) and Chinese New Year (four weeks during late Jan/early Feb) holidays see similar, though smaller, influxes and so it may be preferable to schedule visits outside these times. Sometimes Chinese cities are less populated during national holidays, as many of China's new urban dwellers return to their hometowns for the holiday.
Dalian in fact encompasses 8 districts and 3 sub-cities. Visitors would likely have a need to spend in only 5 of the city's 8 districts (and none of the sub-cities), 4 of which follow (and to locals, "Dalian" is used when referencing):
Zhongshan District (中山区 Zhōngshānqū), home of Dalian's financial and commercial center. This district is the easternmost district of Dalian's 4 "downtown" districts.
Xigang District (西岗区 Xīgǎngqū), home of the municipal government district. On the western border of Zhongshan District.
Ganjingzi District (甘井子区 Gānjǐngzǐqū) is by far the largest district, running from Heishijiao University and high tech area in the south to the southern edge Jinzhouqu in the north and to Yingchenzi in the west. For all its size, however, Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport is the only location within the district most travelers are likely to visit. On the western side of Shahekou and north of Lushunkou Districts.
The wider Dalian administrative area encompasses 4 further districts and 3 sub-cities (北三市 Běisān​shì three northern cities)​​. Jinzhouqu District, Lushunkou District, Kaifaqu District and Changhaixian District, a small group of islands east of the Liaodong Peninsula, represent the other half of Dalian's 8 districts. Wanfangdian, Pulandian, and Zhuanghe represent the 3 sub-cities within the municipal territory of Dalian. Pulandian is the future home of the municipal government headquarters, with the center of control no longer in Xigang District as the China's central government's plans continue to build growth in the district areas north of Dalian's city center. Of these remaining districts and sub-cities, Kaifaqu is the likeliest to be visited as the name translates to "Economic Development Zone" and thus it is home to several factories and shipping centers.
Kaifaqu (开发区 Kāi​fā​qū) lies immediately north of Ganjingzi District. The main attractions in the district are the Golden Pebble Beach and Xiangshui Temple.
Lushunkou District (旅顺口区 Lǚshùnkǒuqū) occupies the very southern tip of the Liaodong Peninsula, with the historically significant city of Lushun (formerly Port Arthur) at its center.
Zhuanghe District (庄河市 Zhuānghéshì) well north east of Dalian city is a mostly rural district with the impressive Bingyu Valley as its main, or rather only, attraction.
There are numerous sub-districts within each district, which would equate to a "neighborhood" but far too numerous and specific to be of much help to travelers.
Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport (大连周水子国际机场 Dàlián Zhōushuǐzǐ Guójìjīchǎng), (IATA: DLC), +86 411 8665 2071, [2], to the north-west of the city center, offers direct flights to many Chinese cities and a few international destinations. Although busy at times, the airport is fairly easy to manage, having only one terminal and a very simplistic layout. International check-in takes place on the west end of the building.
When needing to venture from the airport to the city, be sure to hail a taxi from the official taxi queue on the east side (ground level), just a few feet from any of the glass doors on the ground floor. Failing to use one of these could prove problematic (unless venturing further outside of the downtown area, where most drivers waiting in the queue will resist driving to).
A regular airport bus departs after every flight lands and runs to the main train station (it also stops at the smaller Shahekou train station so be careful not to get off too soon) as well as Renmin Lu. ¥5. Public buses #701 and #710 also run from the airport to the train station, #701 terminating at Zhongshan Square and #710 going on to the harbor, Sanba Square and Erqi Square. ¥1.
Tickets for outbound flights can be booked in advance from the airport ticket office on Zhongshan Lu, just opposite Xiwang Square.
Dalian Central Train Station (大连火车站; Dàlián Huǒchēzhàn), (N of Victory Square), ☎ +86 411'' 8260 3331. Direct trains serve most cities in Dongbei as well as Beijing. A daily express train also runs to Shenyang. Tickets can be booked up to ten days in advance from the station, though this requires a degree of Chinese proficiency (or access to someone with Chinese proficiency). Local travel agents and major hotels should also be able to book tickets in advance, often further than is possible from the station (for an extra charge). For further details on train travel in China, including details on the various classes available, see the main China article. edit
Long distance buses are available and serve most destinations in the vicinity of Dalian. A popular long distance bus station is on Jianshe Jie, just to the south of the train station along Changjiang Lu. Smaller stations, serving mainly local cities, are located next to the passenger ferry terminal, another about 1.5 km west of the train station at the intersection of Anshan Lu and Xinkai Lu (běi gǎng qiáo station (北岗桥汽车站)), and in Heishijiao in Shahekou District.
Ferry services run from the passenger ferry terminal (大连港客运站 Dàlián Gǎng Kèyùn Zhàn) on the eastern side of Zhongshan District (along Gangwan Jie) to cities along the Yellow Sea as well as to Incheon in South Korea. A fast ferry runs to Yantai and takes around three and a half hours. Previous services to Shanghai, Tianjin and Qingdao no longer operate. Tickets can be purchased either from the ferry terminal or from a kiosk at the train station. On long haul domestic ferries (excluding fast ferries) first class berths typically offer a two bed room with a shower, second class offers a four bed room with a wash basin while lower classes may offer only a bunk in a large, shared area, a hard seat, or no reserved place at all.
Buses [3] are the main form of public transport in Dalian and most services run very frequently. The typical wait between buses is only about five min. Seats are generally hard and, even with very frequent services, buses on major routes can still get crowded at peak times. Although fitted to do so, most operate with air conditioning or heating systems off, although in extreme heat or cold the driver may decide to turn them on. Services start early in the morning (anywhere from 4:30AM-8AM) and usually finish around 10PM, although some services finish earlier/later depending on the popularity of the line. Fare is ¥1-2.
Bus routes that may be of use to visitors include #2 (from Qiniwa station to Tiger Beach), #4 (from Olympic Square to Tiger Beach), #5 (from Zhongshan Lu near Qingniwa to Jingsha beach via Fujiazhuang), #13 (from the west side of Victory Square to the ferry terminal), #16 (from Zhongshan Lu near Qingniwa to the Xinghai conference centre) and #22 (from the railway station to Xinghai Square). Ticket prices for all these routes, as with most buses in Dalian, are ¥1 regardless of distance and exact change must be given.
In addition to the regular public buses there are also three air-conditioned tourist buses. #801 runs a circular route from the railway station and takes in People's Square, Xinghai Square, Fujiazhaung Beach, Tiger Beach, Labour Park and Zhongshan Square along the way. The entire journey takes about an hour and costs ¥20, though earlier stops cost less (the minimum being ¥5). #801B runs from the ferry terminal to Heishijiao via Zhongshan Square, the railway station, People's Square and Xinghai Square while #K901 runs from the Foreign Languages University to the south-western edge of Dalian via Zhongshan Square, the Railway station, Xinghai Square and Heishijiao. Tickets for both buses are ¥2.
Of particular interest to tourists is a bus traveling Binhai Lu for ¥10 (8AM-4PM). It starts from near the railway station and covers the Conference & Exhibition Center, Dalian Seashell Museum, Forest Zoo, FuJiazhuang beach, Yan Woling, Birdsong Forest, Tiger Beach Paradise, Harbour Square and Zhongshan Square. There is a bus every 40 mins and through out the day you can travel in this bus, or just stay aboard for a 90-min ride.
Dalian has a few trams and trolleybuses, a legacy from the years of Japanese occupation, and which add character to the city in addition to being a practical means of transportation. The occasional hilly street with a tram scooting along past colonial buildings combine to give Dalian a look unique in China. There are two main tram routes: #201 runs largely west-east from Xinggong Street near the Shahekou Railway Station to the Haizhiyun (Rhythm of the Sea) Park on the coast. #202 runs from the edge of the Software Park at Xiaoping Dao to the Jinhui shopping area where the #201 starts. The #203 line was merged into the #201 route. As a result, travelers should note the destination sign on the tram before boarding, as the express and other special trams will skip some stops. Fare is ¥1.
Taxis are plentiful in Dalian and flagging one down is rarely a problem except in the remotest parts of the city--or in rush hour. Rates start at ¥8 (¥10.40 after 10PM) for the first 3 km and ¥2 for each additional km. Round all taxi fares to the nearest whole number (¥11.60 means a fare of ¥12) as drivers don't accept any coinage less than ¥1. Drivers range in mood, some acting quite gruff and driving dangerously and some keenly interested in where you originate from or other small talk. On the good side, they are less likely to take needlessly long routes compared to other tourist cities in China as Dalian is a relatively small city with a limited number of major highways/thoroughfares. Drivers don't understand basic English, however, so either a knowledge of Mandarin or written directions to the destination is a must (or having a colleague speak to them on your mobile phone). If a driver is looking to pick up additional passengers along your route, encourage him or her to keep on driving unless you're comfortable with what might ensue. Especially during rush hour, when taxis are heavily sought after, it's quite common for drivers to pick up additional passengers if heading in the same direction as those in the cab.
A thing to note on Taxis is however, same as anywhere in China is that during bad weather (eg: heavy rain, snow, etc), most taxi drivers will take the opportunity to hike up prices and will not be willing to use the meters. Plan your trip beforehand if there's bad weather.
Many taxi drivers smoke and play their radios. Some may also hesitate to start the meter so be sure you let them know to start it if you think they've forgotten or up to their tricks. Few use the A/C during the summer so if you suffer from respiratory problems, be sure you're well prepared when coming to Dalian. The nicest thing about the taxis and size of Dalian is that ¥20 can go a long ways in getting around.
This not a means of transport in the downtown area, but primarily used by travelers with transportation needs to Ganjing District or even further out to Jinzhou District (construction is underway to extend even further north to Pulandian). The light rail (qīng guǐ) can be quicker than a taxi to get to or from areas north of downtown (if traffic is bad on the Shenda Expressway, this mode will easily be the quickest). North of downtown in Jinzhou District, the Economic Development Zone stop serves as a transfer station, with no line transfer necessary to continue north to Jinshitan but a transfer required if wanting to hop on the Jiu Li line (which goes to downtown Jinzhou). Fare is based upon the distance with the furthest distances having a ¥8 fare. (Varying degrees of comfort on commuter buses from ¥1-4; taxis typically charge at least ¥50 but can combine up to 4 separate-party passengers for ¥15 each). Light-rail cars are air conditioned and the waiting stations are sheltered from precipitation but the journey can be extremely crowded during peak hours.
Squares – Within China, Dalian is renowned for its squares and green places, with a large number scattered throughout the city, each with its own distinct character. Zhongshan Square (Zhongshan District) hosts the city's financial centre and some fine old Japanese buildings, Renmin Square (Xigang District) is the seat of the city government and boasts an impressive fountain while Xinghai Square (Shahekou District) is the largest square in Asia and home to a wide range of tourist attractions.
Old colonial buildings - Though a young city, Dalian's status as a former colony of both Russia and Japan offers an eclectic mix of architectural styles for history buffs. Many of the older buildings in central Dalian were demolished during periodic bouts of renovation, but pockets of history remain with Russian Street (Xigang District) offering perhaps the best concentration of old buildings.
Forest Zoo - Dalian has a wide range of tourist attractions, but most of them are geared for the local market. To overseas visitors it would seem more of a tourist trap rather than attractions. The Forest Zoo (Xigang District) is one of the few that does stand up to international expectations, albeit only just. The zoo, set in the hillsides south of the city centre, plays host to a wide variety of animals in enclosures that are modern and spacious by Chinese standards (though not up to the standard of better western zoos). The zoo's pandas, both great and red, are probably its main attraction.
Cherry blossoms – Late April is a good time to visit the village of Long Wangtang(龙王塘) (20 min drive from Dalian) to watch its cherry blossoms. The 3,000 cherry trees were planted by Japanese colonists back in 1920s after the completion of Long Wangtang water dam. The nouveau-style dam itself is another interest to visit.
Láodòng (Labor) Park (劳动公园). You can walk up or use a seat-lift to reach the peak of the mountain. When you arrive there, you have the possibility to go up the Reach Sightseeing Tower to have a even higher panoramic view. On a beautiful Day it is worthy a trip and the gorgeous view will pay off. To get back down you can take the "First Land Sled" which is a really fun experience. Besides looking at probably one of the biggest Footballs in the World, you can do skiing or ice-skating in winter-time. Especially for children a lots of fun rides are offered. Please watch out! The operators are sometimes cheating their way to get daylight robbery. If you get in such situations please call the police (110) to put an end to their scheming. edit
Relax on one of the city's beaches – There are a number of beaches clustered along the southern and eastern sides of the Dalian Peninsula, the largest of which are Xinghai Beach (星海海滨 Xīnghǎi Hǎibīn), Fujiazhuang Beach (傅家庄海滨 Fùjiāzhuāng Hǎibīn) and Bangchuidao Beach. (棒棰岛海滨 Bàngchuídǎo Hǎibīn). Of these beaches Xinghai Beach is almost invariably overcrowded and Bangchuidao beach is hard to get to and expensive (its located within an exclusive luxury resort) making Fujiazhuang Beach the best bet for anyone wanting to take a dip or simply sunbathe.
Travel along Binhai Road – Running along the southern edge of the Dalian peninsula Binhai Road is a pretty, winding coastal road similar to the corniche of the French Riviera. The road is split into three main sections, Binhai West Road {滨海西路 Bīnhǎi Xī Lù} from Xinghai Square to Fujiazhuang, Binhai Middle Road {滨海中路 Bīnhǎi Zhōng Lù} from Fujiazhuang to Tiger Beach, and Binhai South Road {滨海南路 Bīnhǎi Nán Lù} and Binhai North Road {滨海北路 Bīnhǎi Běi Lù} from Tiger Beach to Donghai Beach. It's possible to walk along the entire 35 km (22 mi) stretch in a day, but for those feeling less adventurous the Fujiazuang-Tiger Beach and Tiger Beach-Donghai Beach stretches also make for a rewarding walk. A taxi ride offers a less taxing means of seeing the road.
Entertainment – Dalian offers a range of entertainment options, with theatres and concert halls in Zhongshan District for those interested in high culture, including local and international performances. There are dozens of KTV bars and a few bars/hotels offer live music. For those interested in the silver screen, there's a cluster of cinemas in the centre of town around Youhao Square, but these mainly cater to local audiences and so English-language screenings are extremely rare. Those who aren't fluent in Mandarin would be better off going to the Warner-Wanda cinema on the north side of Olympic Square (Xigang District), Ownar Cineplex in the He Ping shopping centre north of Xinghai Square (Shahekou District) or theater at Roosevelt Shopping center. Finally, those visiting during the football season (March-November) should make the effort to catch a game at the People's Stadium, Xigang District, given football's role as a fundamental part of Dalian's identity. Typical of northern Chinese cities, the nightlife comes to an end rather early and the city feels asleep around 10PM and the formal bar closing time is 2AM.
Dalian Beer Festival, all of Xinghai Square. 10 days in late-July and early Aug. Thousands of visitors. Day-time folks tend to go for the food and music acts, night-time goers for the beer and music acts. Domestic and regional vendors, some selling brew from as far away as Germany and the U.S. ¥10 admission, ¥30 food, ¥50 beer. edit
Dalian Shide, Jinzhouqu (N of the city by 1-hr car ride). Among the reasons Dalian is known for in China, having won the Chinese league 8 times (most recently in 2005), but the team is not as strong as it once was. They have produced a number of stars who've gone to play abroad, including Sun Jihai (Manchester City) and Dong Fangzuo (Manchester United). Home matches are played on alternate weekends from early Mar-Nov. Ticket prices vary according to the quality of the opposition, with the biggest games costing around ¥20 while entry to matches against lesser teams can sometimes be had for nothing if you're willing to wait until just before kick-off. ¥10. edit
Dalian has a large number of universities, a number of which offer undergraduate and graduate courses in a variety of majors for foreign students, as well as Chinese classes of varying levels of proficiency. The universities below all offer course for overseas students (see their websites for details on available courses and requirements).
Dalian Foreign Languages University (大连外国语学院 Dàlián Wàiguóyǔ Xuéyuàn) 94 Yan'an Lu, +86 411 8280 1297 (scs@dlufl.edu.cn) [4]
Dalian University of Technology (大连理工大学 Dàlián Lǐgōng Dàxué) +86 411 8470 8897 (dutsice@dlut.edu.cn) [7]
The local cuisine of Dalian is influenced by Dongbei regional style of cooking (which has a not wholly unjustified reputation for being big on portions and relatively low on flavors) and the the city's close location to the sea. Buns, pancakes and dumplings are staples rather than rice or noodles. The city also has a very good reputation for seafood dishes which are well worth trying. Overseas travelers should be aware, however, that in China seafood has different connotations than elsewhere, literally seafood refers to anything edible from the sea. Fish dishes invariably contain plenty of small bones that must be navigated around or crunched through (the local method). Additionally, due to its relation and storied history with Korean and Japanese empires, Dalian has many restaurants serving this kind of fare.
The range and number of restaurants is huge, and the listings provided should be considered as merely scratching the surface of what is available. Individual exploration of the restaurants is recommended. Reservations are generally not necessary, so phone numbers have only been provided for those restaurants where tables may need reserving. Those wanting to stick to the familiar will find a large number of western and Japanese and Korean restaurants available, and international fast food chains are well represented.
Travelers on a budget will be spoiled for choice in Dalian, with low cost restaurants on literally every street corner (particularly in the more residential areas outside of the main city center). It would be impossible to begin to list them all, so only a couple of options available near the center have been listed in the district articles. The quality of the restaurants can be highly variable. A good rule of thumb when searching for a decent place to eat is, if the decor looks shabby but the place is packed the food is almost always good. Ordering can be tricky for non-Chinese speakers as English menus are incredibly rare in cheaper restaurants, and English speaking staff are even more rare. Try the roadside snack stalls which offer pancakes, rolls, skewers of barbecued meat and candied fruits starting at ¥1. These may cause some upset stomachs or bouts of diarrhea, so be advised.
As with budget restaurants there are plenty of mid-range restaurants to choose from in Dalian (differentiated from budget restaurants usually by being larger and having better decor), so experimentation is the key. The restaurants listed in the various district articles are just a couple of particularly noteworthy examples. The same caveats as for budget restaurants apply as regards language, though quality is less variable.
The more expensive end of the restaurant market in Dalian is generally a seafood restaurant boasting fresh, usually local cuisine or the more authentic Japanese restaurants (as opposed to those which have been adapted for local taste preferences). English menus and English speaking staff are most common in the western-themed restaurants, but even mid-priced restaurants may have English or pictures available.
There are a number of restaurants which serve seafood. Typically those downtown or in Xinghai Square have the best seafood, notably Wanbao and Zihan Fan Dian.
Dalian offers a wide variety of bars and nightclubs catering to a mixture of locals, foreign business people and the teaching crowd. The city lacks a bona fide bar street along the lines of Beijing's Sanlitun or Shanghai's Maoming Lu with bars fairly liberally scattered across the city center (as well as near large universities). There are three main clusters of bars that those wishing to bar hop could concentrate on, however, the first and most centralized along a side street off Wuwu Lu near Sanba Square, the second along Changjiang Lu north of the Shangri-la Hotel and the third along Gaoerji Lu south of People's Square. KTV, or karaoke, is a large part of Chinese culture. There are a variety of such, some catering more to family or group get togethers and some for business outings. Typically the former are based in larger buildings and have little stores inside where drinks and snacks can be purchased, while the latter tend have a row of standing waitresses or mistresses lined up at the front door or shortly upon entering the singing room.
Another good place to go for drinks for those on the cheap are the night markets that spring up during the summer. These offer very cheap draught beer (¥1-3 for a large glass) and barbecued meat, tofu, vegetables and bread in an informal outdoor setting (some may not even have chairs). (This isn't recommended for those who are staying in Dalian a short time or those whom haven't spent a few weeks in China getting their immune system ready unless you're not worried about having any diarrhea issues. Many of the locals don't even eat at these types of places.) Those looking for non-alcoholic drinks, meanwhile, can check out the many coffee shops and tea houses around the city.
Chain coffee shops include Starbucks [8], SPR [9] and Amici Coffee, all of which offer wi-fi (SPR and Amici a food menu as well). Details are in district articles.
Budget accommodation options in Dalian, as in the rest of China, are fairly limited for overseas travelers as most of the really inexpensive hotels do not accept foreigners. The best bet for non-Chinese visitors looking for a bargain are youth hostels or university guest houses. Some universities offer foreign student dormitories to travelers during school holidays. Some (for example Liaoning Normal and DUT) also have hotels on campus which offer rooms year-round. (See the Learn section for contact details). Mid-range 3 or 4 star Chinese-run hotels typically offer clean, decent sized rooms, good quality restaurants and but English-staff is spotty. There's an abundance of such hotels around the city, with a handful standing out from the rest of the pack. Splurge hotels are dominated by larger international chains, nearly all downtown. These hotels tend to be very well run and offer all the amenities that could possibly be expected. Expect to pay international rates, rather than national, for these 4- or 5-star locations.
The local dialing code for Dalian landlines is 0411. The main local telephone operator is China Netcom [10]. Almost all hotels have at least a perfunctory business center offering Internet access (though usually at a far higher price than at an Internet café but most of the splurge hotels offer it for free).
There are a handful of public phones, as in standalone phones. These are few and far between, however, and to use them you need to purchase an IC card which can't be used for anything else. More practical, and cheap, are the phones that can be found at convenience stores or kiosks. To use these simply indicate you wish to use one, dial the number and then hand over the money (usually less than ¥1 for short local calls) to the shop assistant at the end. Not all such phones will allow you to dial outside of Dalian, however, and very few accept international calls (those that do will have the letters IDD on the telephone sign outside the shop/kiosk).
For international calls the best places to go are the phone bars (often labelled 电话吧 (diànhuà ba)), generally found around residential areas. To make a call simply walk in, choose a vacant phone and when finished indicate which phone you used to the cashier (typically the phones have a number written above them). Prices can be highly variable, but a reasonably long call shouldn't come to more than ¥50. A more expensive, and possibly more convenient, option is to ask to use the phone in hotel lobbies.
Calling cards (known as IP cards) are plentiful and, as in the rest of China, offer the cheapest way of calling overseas. Be aware, however, that not all brands of cards offer oral English instructions, so those not fluent in Mandarin would be best sticking to the two main brands (China Netcom and China Telecom).
Mobile phones, and mobile phone stores, are plentiful in Dalian. If you have an international roaming plan then you should be able to use your phone to call within Dalian, though this can be very expensive. For those staying for longer than a week or two it may be cheaper to buy a local SIM card (expect to pay around ¥50-¥100). The two main operators, China Mobile and China Unicom, operate on different standards. Select one of the two operators based on what type of phone you have. China Mobile and China Unicom utilized GSM, China Telecom CDMA.
Internet cafés, as in most Chinese cities, are plentiful and on nearly every street corner, especially in residential areas and around universities. Just look for the characters 网吧 (wǎng ba) on shop fronts. In the town center they're less numerous, though there are a few around the railway station and Victory Square. Expect to pay ¥1-5 for an hour. Wifi is available in coffee shops like Amici and Starbucks scattered throughout the city.
Post offices are scattered around the city, with the two main branches located just east of the railway station and on Zhongshan Square. These branches, as with most larger post offices in the city, offer Western Union wiring facilities, though the branch next to the railway station is the only one which can receive funds.
Crime, particularly street crime, is low in Dalian as it is in most of China. That said, the people in northeastern China are on average more aggressive than their southern counterparts and fights do happen. (Most often when alcohol is involved.) While foreigners are unlikely to be targeted, one would be wise to avoid any heated exchanges. Additionally pickpockets do operate, so care should be taken with valuables especially in busy shopping areas or on crowded buses or trains.
Probably the greatest safety risk you'll face in Dalian is from the traffic which can be chaotic at the best of times. China has the highest rate of road fatalities in the world and allowances made for pedestrians are practically nonexistent. Marked crossings seem to serve little purpose other than as target ranges. Dalian's many wide avenues may be good for congestion but by creating more fast flowing traffic than in, say, Beijing they make life harder for pedestrians. The best way to cross the road other than over bridges, through tunnels or at traffic lights is to wait for a gap in the traffic and run. Don't under any circumstances expect cars to stop for you.
Health-wise Dalian's relatively low levels of pollution (comparable to London or Paris and better than Los Angeles) mean health problems from bad air are less of an issue than in other Chinese cities. The water, while technically drinkable, is made drinkable via the addition of hefty amounts of chemicals and pipes are seldom kept in the best condition so boiling is pretty much mandatory, and bottled water is usually a safer bet. Tap water should be boiled or filtered before drinking.Tap water should be fine for brushing teeth and washing with, however. The complete lack of any health inspection mechanism means food poisoning is a constant danger, but most restaurants should be OK. Avoid any restaurants that seem strangely quiet (customers tend not to return to places that leave them on the toilet for a week). It's always a good idea to pack a few diarrhea tablets before leaving, just in case. Hospitals are liberally scattered throughout the city with the Friendship Hospital on Wuwu Lu (+86 0411 8271 8822) the most likely to have English speaking staff. China's hyper-capitalist health-care system means that payment in cash is required before any treatment is dished out, so make sure to bring a few hundred yuan with you should you need medical attention.
Though credit and debit cards are gradually becoming more widely accepted at department stores and supermarkets most stores and all attractions still operate on a cash-only basis and only the very largest or most expensive shops accept foreign credit cards. It's generally best to ensure that you have a decent amount of cash on hand when going out. ATMs are located at virtually all bank branches, and most (though not all) of the large banks now accept foreign debit or credit cards. Bank of China branches all have the ability to take cards from foreign banks, and most offer English instructions. For more advanced financial transactions (converting currency or travellers checks, for instance) the best places to go are the Bank of China branch on the north side of Zhongshan Square and the HSBC branch on Renmin Lu just east of the Shangri-la hotel.
Dalian Christianity Cheng'en Church (大连市基督教承恩堂), Changjiang Lu and Beijing Jie. Can use the #201 trolley as the stop is at the intersection of the two streets. Locals and foreigners alike welcomed, with services in Mandarin. edit
There are a number of attractions around the city that, though technically within the Dalian administrative area, are far enough away from the centre to warrant devoting a full day to.
Golden Pebble Beach - Located in Jinzhou district northeast of Dalian about 50 km (30 mi) from downtown, Golden Pebble Beach (金石滩 Jīnshítān), named after the unique rock formations of the area, is a tourist destination which has at its heart Dalian's best beach (courtesy of specially imported sand). Surrounded by tourist attractions that could perhaps be best described as traps rather than attractions, it's the beach that's most likely to reward visitors. Swimming isn't too popular because of the temperature and cleanliness of the water but most just spend time on the beach grilling and walking around. Some of the other attractions include the kung fu museum, which doubles as a school for aspiring Jet Lis, and Kingdom of Discovery, Dalian's small theme park. Outside of the main tourist areas there are a lot of the beach-side shops and stalls which shut down during bad weather, so it's best to check the forecast before venturing out. The best way to get to there from downtown is to take the light rail. A single-journey trip takes about 1 hour and costs ¥8. A tourist shuttle is available to get from the Jinshitan light rail station to the beach as well as taxis.
Xiangshui Temple +86 411 8764 7565. 8:30AM-5PM. One of the few truly ancient sites in and around Dalian, the Daoist Xiangshui Temple (响水寺 Xiǎngshuǐ Sì) was first constructed during the Tang Dynasty around a thousand years ago, though much of the current temple stems from renovations during the Qing Dynasty. The temple is built around a large cavern, the waterfalls inside give the temple its name ("Water-sounds Temple") and is part of a wider network of temples in the Big Black Mountain (大黑山 Dàhēishān) area. To get there take the light rail train or bus (from the běi gǎng qiáo long distance bus station) to Jinzhou then take a taxi to the temple. Taxi drivers waiting near the Dalian train station and Xi'an Lu will take passengers to Jinzhou for about ¥60-80/4 person max (¥15-20 each).
Bingyu Valley - Billed as "Dalian's Guilin" Bingyu Valley (冰峪沟 Bīngyù Gōu), this is a twisting river valley, winding though steep cliffs, in a relatively unspoiled countryside just outside Zhuanghe City and about 250 km (155 mi) north of Dalian city. Entry costs ¥100 but is well worth as there is hiking, boat rides (which cost extra) and enjoying a bit of nature. There are also a number of Buddhist and Taoist temples to explore along the river. It's theoretically possible to visit the valley in a day, but it's perhaps better to stay overnight. The local hotel costs ¥300 for a double room, or you can stay in a local farmer's house for as little as ¥10 (definitely an experience worth having, provided you have someone in your party with a good level of Mandarin). To get to Bingyu Valley on weekends or holidays simply catch the direct bus that leaves from Victory Square at 7:30AM. Tickets cost ¥45 and the journey takes about 2 hours. The rest of the time you'll need to get a bus (2 hours, ¥34) or train to Zhuanghe City then transfer to a local bus to the valley (1 hour, ¥8).
Lushun - Formerly known as Port Arthur, is a historically significant city located on the southern tip of the Liaodong Peninsula, about 40 km (25 mi) south west of the city center. While it's possible to visit the various sites on your own (plenty of buses run from Dalian to Lushun and a taxis near Heshijiao will also make the journey) the risk of straying into the forbidden areas (typically former Soviet or current Chinese military outposts) means a guided tour is a more sensible option. Most hotels will be able to offer either tours or advice on agencies who could provide them. It can be difficult for non-Chinese to gain entrance to many of the sights--even if traveling with locals. Significant fines for both the foreigner and any accompanying national citizens can result if an official notices a non-Chinese visiting sites. (If you happen to be from North Korea or Cuba, entrance is allowed.) Snake Island boasts a great reptile center.
This is a guide article. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions, arrival and departure info. Plunge forward and help us make it a star!
Letters and photos from an English teacher living and working in Dalian 2005-2006 - Chalk and Chopsticks
שלום רב אנחנו מציעים לפנות אל מכון בדיקה שיוכל להעריך את מידת הנזק, לרוב לא מדובר במשהו קריטי אך ייתכן וזה יתפתח למצב כזה בהצלחה
Take a few moments and let the rest of the members know about yourself, your EVW and your interests.
Where do you take your EVW? The shops? Work? Camping? What do you use it for? Let's see those extremes!
If you need parts or (wholes!) or have some spares to share, seen on ebay that might be useful, post here.
This book by William Poundstone came recommended by a friend. I had the author’s earlier book, “Fortune’s Formula,” and had loved it. This book is as good. It discusses various voting systems, and their pros and cons. The book was published in 2008 just around the time of the previous US presidential elections.
Given India’s first-past-the-post system, there are some interesting alternatives that are worth considering — not that they will ever happen!
From a review in the Publisher’s Weekly: “Behind the standard one man-one vote formula lies a labyrinth of bizarre dysfunction, according to this engaging study of the science of voting. America’s system is the least sensible way to vote, argues Poundstone, prone to vote-splitting fiascoes like the 2000 election. Unfortunately, according to the author, a famous impossibility theorem states that no voting procedure can accurately gauge the will of the people without failures and paradoxes. (More optimistically, Poundstone contends that important problems are solved by range voting, in which voters score each candidate independently on a 1–10 scale.)”
Are you aware that Loksatta party in Andhra Pradesh is fighting to bring voting based on proportional representation and not first-past-the post.
An author has one of the most tricky jobs on the planet: to create a world so thorough and succinct that it must be believable, and to successfully invite other people into that world. It is my goal to accomplish just this.
I’ve wanted to be an author for years, but it was only after I moved to New York City that I decided to really focus on the art of wordcraft. My life has always been a struggle between my written art and my musical art. I grew up with the expectation (from family, from friends, from peers) that I would go on to do great and wonderful things with my music. Nobody ever stopped to ask me what I wanted, and if they did, I gave them the answer they wanted to hear so they would leave me alone. [Dvorak on Facebook]
It was only when I let myself be free from those expectations that I discovered what I really wanted to do. And it was what I had been doing all along, in secret, behind closed doors, with only me and a few editors to see the results. Now, I’m ready to take what I’ve been creating for years and show it to the world. It is my sincere hope that you will welcome yourself into these worlds I’ve created, and make them your home as well.
Some of my stories are available in paperback online. Others are free e-books; the wildly popular Dvorak series is only available on Wattpad (and, in the short future, print). If you happen to catch me at a convention, trade show, or festival, I would be more than happy to sign a copy for you.
I handwrote The Mystery of Taconum Carnival over three separate summers. My sister was my only audience, reading pages as I would hand them to her. Keeping yourself accountable is very important as an author, and my sister did just that. Without her, the book wouldn’t be what it is today.
If you asked me what book has personally meant the most to me, I would say Blue Impulse, hands down. I wrote this book in 2012 during a very hard time in my life, when I was unemployed, running out of money and self-esteem. The story of Miranda and how she rose above her obstacles isn’t exactly like mine, but it inspired me as I wrote it, and has inspired many others since.
Steel Angel was the first book I wrote, starting back in 2005. While other books and projects have come and gone since then, this book still holds a special place for me. It was the first time I dedicated myself to the learning process, and several edits later, its shine for me has not dimmed.
I read about 100 articles a month, and my favorite piece last month was Girl in The Picture, by Emily Thomes. Originally posted on The Gospel Coalition, Thomes shares her inspiring story of lesbianism to follower of Christ1. Today, Thomes stops by the site to share more of her story and give advice to Christians ministering to those who identify as LGBT. You can read the full interview below.
Emily, thank you for taking time to stop by the site. I’ll start broadly. Tell us a little about your life before God saved you.
Before God saved me, I was an incredibly selfish person. I was pretty well liked by most people but had a tendency to overstep boundaries and act impulsively. I did what I perceived was best for me. This lead me to sleeping around, smoking marijuana, and doing other destructive behaviors. Even when it looked like I was helping and serving others, it was actually for my glory and pride. I had very little respect for others but knew how to act “upstanding” outwardly that few people saw the depths of my poor behavior. In short, my driving factors before conversion were pride and self-exaltation.
Take us through your conversion experience. Do you remember the moment you realized that you had become a Christian?
I was in my apartment sitting on the floor with the book (God: As He Longs for You to See Him ) from the Bible study I was participating in when I realized I was now a believer. I had been in a study only for a couple of weeks and was learning about the attributes of God. Slowly but surely my view of God and of myself began to change and the balance tipped to where God was bigger and mattered more than I did.4
I read 1 Corinthians 6:9-11 and saw that I was in the “will not enter the kingdom of Heaven” group but that He could save me and make me new. In those verses I understood my need for Him and His offer to me; it was really incredible.
I remember feeling terrified and at peace at the same time. I realized where I had been until that instant and that scared me. I couldn’t believe I hadn’t understood before what was so clear to me all of a sudden. But there was no denying it and no suppressing it any longer. I didn’t know what I was going to do or what my life was going to be like but I knew what I wasn’t going to do. I wasn’t going to defy Him any longer. His will was my new life.
That’s very encouraging to hear. Now let’s talk about outreach. When you see the church attempt to reach those who identify as LGBT, what are things that encourage you? What are some concerns?
Seeing the church reaching out with truth and love to the lost has been the greatest encouragement. I’ve seen Christians be humble and open with their struggles against sin with others. I’ve seen them acknowledge their own need for grace with those who have not yet received it. Believers should discuss their own fleshly pull towards sin while making it clear that in Christ we deny ourselves and follow Him.
The first is when churches speak with no love at all. We cannot approach those outside the church like they’re believers who refuse to repent; they’re lost. We must approach them with the gospel — all of it. We explain that He is holy and that we are fallen and in need of forgiveness and a heart change. Both the law and grace must be presented for either to make any sense.
The second concern I see is when Christians cast aside what His word says on homosexuality in attempts to “love” those who are lost. God’s word stands forever; what He deems as sin will always be sin. To ignore that truth is incredibly unloving. Those who do not repent will not inherit the kingdom of God. Pretending that one can remain in sin and belong to Him is deceptive and cruel.
A poor understanding of sin in general, homosexuality specifically, is by far the greatest obstacle I’ve seen in our attempts at outreach.
A mindset has developed (whether Christian or not) that homosexuality is linked to identity. Obviously, the LGBT community embraces that wholeheartedly, but most Christians don’t realize that they have also embraced that idea. Believers inadvertently reinforce an unbiblical understanding of homosexuality when they treat those who are same-sex attracted as a segregated class of sinners who are more depraved than ‘normal’ people. In doing so, well-meaning Christians are unwittingly buying into the notion that homosexuality is part of one’s identity, much like one’s race or gender. Basic Christian principle regarding things like sin, repentance, and obedience are cast entirely to the side when dealing with homosexuality to the detriment of both the lost and those in the faith. An inclination towards a certain sin doesn’t mean that one is destined to walk in that sin; it means that they, like all other people since Adam, are born bent towards sin and are in need of forgiveness and a new heart.10
The short answer is the Bible. We’ve got to be consistent and biblical in our dealings with all sin.
On another note, some practical tools I’ve found helpful are ministries like Rosaria Butterfield and Matt Moore and Desiring God. Butterfield and Moore were both radically saved out of homosexuality and offer much insight into various circumstances and struggles.
Finally, Emily, what’s your #1 biggest piece of advice for Christians who are trying to reach those who associate as LGBT?
To put it simply, do not elevate or diminish the sin of homosexuality, and be humble and transparent in your own battle against sin.’
Originally posted as From Lesbianism to Follower of Christ: An Interview With Emily Thomes by Gospel Relevance
Thus, the class day finished with a happy feeling as usual. Tank you, everybody! I hope you would enjoy the photos.
4 Ways To Avoid Getting A Bee Sting - *Don't Get Close To A Beehive * On the off chance that you think that there are bumblebees on your property; don't draw near to them. This is a simple appr...
MEDICAL-CONGRESS: Genital : Upcoming medical Events, congress, conferences, training courses, medical conferences for medicine and health.....
Genital: : Upcoming medical Events, congress, conferences, training courses, medical conferences for medicine and health..
Vehicles in your garage can no longer be accidentally replaced with vehicles from the street. For details, see this page. https://support.rockstargames.com/hc/articles/204976408
Improved stability and fixed several crashes and hangs while transitioning between Jobs in GTA Online.
Fixed an issue where certain players were unable to exit their garages while inside of a personal vehicle.
Fixed an issue where the game could freeze if you were robbing a store while someone else was attempting to buy snacks there.
A rare issue has been fixed where some players received a “Purchase Failed” error when attempting to buy apartments.
Fixed an issue where players would be asked to quit the game while using text chat in Golf and pressing the “E” key.
Fixed a Steam-only issue where you could not alt-tab back into GTAV if you alt-tabbed out while the Steam overlay was active.
Improvements to matchmaking so players that have good connections to each other are matched together more frequently.
Fixed an issue where facial features would not save correctly when transferring a character from Xbox 360 or PS3 and changing genders while editing the character’s appearance.
Fixed an issue where players could become stuck in the clouds when voting to quick restart the Humane Labs Heist.
Fixed an issue where the GTAV Launcher would not display the correct amount of time remaining for file downloads.
Fixed an issue where the GTAV Launcher would use an abnormally high percentage of CPU and sometimes crash
Fixed an issue where a character’s eyebrows or other facial features could change erroneously when transferred to PC
Fixed an issue where a some players were asked to transfer their GTA Online character while a transfer was already in progress
YouTube uploads via the Rockstar Editor will now correctly resume if Internet connection is lost during the upload and later restored
Projects containing deleted clips will now load properly in the Rockstar Editor and warn the player of the missing clips
Corrected an issue where certain characters in Windows usernames would cause the Launcher to fail to load or other undesired game behavior. For details, see this page. https://support.rockstargames.com/hc/articles/204772198
Fixed an issue where players with one garage would not be able to replace an existing vehicle if the garage was full and the new vehicle was purchased from an in-game website
I have attempted to find a formula that synthesizes Fidel Castro, who is now 92, and continues at our side, and whose imprint touches every aspect of life, every sector of society, friends and enemies, young and old, the healthy and the sick, heads of state and the homeless of the world.
His internationally recognized work includes the idea that a genetic study be done of several Latin American countries, which not only revealed how much inequality and abandon existed, but also that there were ways to cure the sick and to socially help the forgotten of the Earth.
I resorted to the Royal Academy dictionary of the Spanish language and found a definition of genius, convinced that Fidel was one: “Extraordinary mental ability to create or invent new, admirable things. A person with the gift of genius.”
I returned to his Reflections and two books which, one afternoon in the University of Havana’s Aula Magna, he presented and dedicated personally to each one of us who had participated in the Mesa Redonda television news talk show. One of these, the La victoria estratégica, (Strategic Victory) recreates his childhood and adolescence with stories of his native Birán, his student years at the La Salle and Dolores Colleges in Santiago de Cuba, and the Belén Jesuit College, when he made the decision on his own to move to Havana.
When he graduated from this last educational institution, noted in the school yearbook was the following: “Fidel Castro (1942-1945). He distinguished himself in all subjects related to letters. With excellence and team spirit, he was a true athlete, always defending the college’s honor with courage and pride. He was able to win the admiration and affection of all. He will study Law and we have no doubt he will fill pages of brilliance in the book of his life. Fidel has the wood and will not lack the artistry.”
Those who knew him and followed him throughout his years at the University of Havana, from the beginning described him as a natural leader. Those who joined him for the Moncada spared no opportunity to express their admiration for his commitment to Martí’s thought and his ability to organize and lead an “assault on heaven,” on Saint Ann’s day in Santiago.
In prison, he is remembered as the intrepid Fidel, who challenged the Batista henchmen, and as an attorney, turned his trial around, to accuse the criminals who murdered so many youth, and in the first place, Fulgencio Batista.
Upon his release from the so-called model prison on the Isle of Pines, his vocation as a patriot, his determination to struggle to free his country from so much disgrace as he had proposed in 1853, and his decision to make a revolution, led him to Mexico, where he organized the Granma expedition, to return to the homeland and continue the struggle.
In the Sierra Maestra, after the agonizing first days, he was able to exclaim, “Now we have won the war!” when only 12 men were reunited after the initial fighting.
He was a great strategist who moved his comrades across a vast, mountainous area, and organized columns to march toward central and western provinces, to light the revolutionary flame throughout the country.
In the heat of battle he conceived a way for the rebel voice to be heard across the nation, and along with Che, created Radio Rebelde. Years later, with the Revolution in power, in conferences and gatherings with journalists showed himself to be a communicator par excellence. He appeared on talk shows like te Mesa Redonda, writing and publishing his reflections, and sharing with colleagues in many part of the world his vocation as an untiring fighter and sure leader.
After the triumph of the Revolution, he told his men and the entire people that the most difficult stage of the struggle had begun: that of constructing a new country. He did not wait long to promulgate the agrarian reform to give land to the campesinos who worked it and eliminate vast land holdings.
Following the United States’ first aggressive acts, he nationalized foreign companies, mostly U.S. owned, that exploited the country and plundered its wealth.
When the mercenary invasion landed at Playa Girón on the Bay of Pigs, he commanded and participated in the fighting, handing U.S. imperialism its first defeat in Latin America.
His life was conducted alongside the people, thinking and taking action to make the revolutionary process irreversible.
No subject was foreign to him, not as a head of state or as a student of every problem facing humanity.
He was capable of conceiving an inclusive model of health care that brought doctors to the people; developed the Cuban concept of the family doctor that would later be extended to other countries, with our people demonstrating the essentially internationalist and human nature of the Revolution.
He foresaw that the future would be one of science, and created scientific poles as the model of research, development, and production of pharmaceuticals, many one of a kind on the planet and others only available in the so-called First World.
Fidel’s internationalist approach of offering what Cuba has, not what is left over, had its first expression in Algeria, when on May 23, 1963, the first 29 Cuban doctors and nurses traveled to this country.
On the military plane, the most complete expression of this internationalism was seen in Angola, “Paying our debt to humanity,” as he described our duty to help other countries of the world.
Fidel himself told Cuban collaborators in Angola, “Perhaps the imperialists never thought our small country, 10,000, 12,000 kilometers from Angola, would be capable of such tenacity, such perseverance, such determination, and maintain our military and civilian collaboration with this country for 11 years.”
Fidel, his political and military genius, the ethics and optimism of a victor, are impossible to capture in a few lines.
Thus I prefer to cite two statements from other sources. One by Hugo Chávez, who defined Fidel as “a father, a comrade, a master of perfect strategy.”
The El Paso Diary is written by José Pertierra--an attorney who represents the government of Venezuela in its request for the extradition of Luis Posada Carriles. Pertierra´s journals describe the testimony, evidence, legal skirmishes, quirks and follies of this very historic trial that features for the first time the close collaboration of the United States government with Cuban authorities to prosecute an ex CIA agent who is one of the masterminds of the fifty-year old dirty war against Cuba.
I love all of Fabrika Decoru different mediums especially the metallic paints, decor gel and white texture paste with sand. Love how fast the paints and decor gel dries. The shimmering metallic look and how smooth it is when I paint with the metallic paints. Love all the colors of the decor gel. I can apply the gel with brush or palette knife. Its so easy to use and I can create texture with it by spreading over a stencil too. As one who love playing with mediums and textures, I adore the white texture paste with sand. Love the final look of it after it dries. For some other brand of sand paste, it can be quite thick and not easily apply over intricate stencil. But for Fabrika Decoru sand texture paste, the light and creamy consistency makes it an easy task of spreading over a detailed and intricate stencil. This is my favourite among all of Fabrika Decoru mediums
Stop looking for a reliable provider of custom gearboxes, as Gearing Solutions is here to help you ...
Acoustic Event Detection (AED) and Classification consists in detecting the occurrence of an event embedded in one or more audio streams,
in classifying the nature of the corresponding sound source, and establishing the related time boundaries.
The audio sequences generally derive from a real-time acquisition system, based on either a single or a multi-channel microphone set-up. Otherwise, the sequences are available in a uncompressed or compressed recorded audio/multimedia format.
In speech recognition and speech communication tasks, the detection problem is typically referred to as Voice Activity Detection (VAD) or Speech Activity Detection (SAD).
Related keywords: acoustic event modeling, speech activity detection, speech/non-speech segmentation.
Skate Dance Dream is a touring production that blends together Figure Skating and Dance complete… a dance stage on the ice! Star performers, including finalists from Fox's "SYTYCD" and World & Olympic Figure Skaters, share the spotlights with youth skaters and dancers in each location. Skate Dance Dream was created to inspire the next generation of talent and remind all of us to always Dream Big! This video features small clips of the dance performances and our dance Stars during our 2013 tour. Enjoy!!Read More
A hybrid project of video and dance, Dancing in the District was created in an… to bridge the gap between the discipline of Modern Dance and the casual audience. Dancing in the District: Yoko Feinman Directed/Edited by David Dowling Written by David Dowling & Yoko Feinman Choreography by Yoko Feinman http://www.isitmodern.com/ http://dancinginthedistrict.org/ Modern Video for Modern Dance @isitmodernRead More
What does it take to be a part of the ballet summer intensives at Joffrey… Francisco? Joffrey Ballet School's Josie Walsh and Ballet West's Adam Sklute and Allison Debona share their insights about dance, teaching, and what it's like for students as they move toward their ultimate dance goals. See dancers as they take class, rehearse, perform, and reach for the stars. The Joffrey Ballet School, in Adam Sklute's words, "has a special and unique outlook on dance - one that is inclusive of all body types, and one that is inclusive of all styles of ballet and contemporary dance." Take a look, and see what you think.Read More
"Silent Amanda" is a sneak peak at the upcoming film "Dancing in the District, by… A hybrid project of video and dance, Dancing in the District was created in an effort to bridge the gap between the discipline of Modern Dance and the casual audience. Dancing in the District: Amanda Blythe Directed/Edited by David Dowling Written by David Dowling & Amanda Blythe Choreography by Amanda Blythe "For company member David Dowling of Reston, reaching out to new audiences is an important goal, and not just to those immersed in the world of contemporary dance. @isitmodern - http://isitmodern.com/Read More
A hybrid project of video and dance, Dancing in the District was created in an… to bridge the gap between the discipline of Modern Dance and the casual audience. Dancing in the District: Daniel Carter Directed/Edited by David Dowling Written by David Dowling & Daniel Carter Choreography by Daniel CarterRead More
Watch a Ballet Blizzard! See snow being dumped onto dancers from the Snow Scene in… Nutcracker!...Award winning dancer/choreographer/teacher Kira Seamon shares her focusing techniques in this instructional video. Find out how you can concentrate through distractions and turn in your best performance even with the most trying circumstances! Just remember to "keep calm and keep dancing on"! The video concludes with a fun "footnote" section, where Kira's images of the amazing brick wall across from her studio are shown. Her tendu image, "Self Portrait", was taken exactly at the spot on the barre where and when the footage for this video was captured... A portrait is thought to include something of the essential quality of a person and for Kira, as a dancer, the tendu is one of the most essential movements she does. This image has already won 2 prestigious international photographic competitions in the "shadow" category.Read More
this was a valentine's day gift i made for a girl who broke my heart… choreography/improv by Paolo Aragona www.youtube.com/paoloarag0na www.twitter.com/siopa0 siopa0.tumblr.com Directed, shot, and edited by Alex Nguyen www.vimeo.com/heartbone www.winalexnguyen.comRead More
When deciding what items of furnishings to purchase to place into your front room there are some issues that needs to be thought-about a necessity. A well-chosen armchair might be the point of interest of your room, or it may enhance the present decor. The armchair is available in plenty of colours and types which are appropriate for any type of a front room.
In right now's inside design, there's a sturdy development that the normal three-piece couch suite turns into much less fashionable. Householders favor a way more versatile seating choices. The couch and armchair do not must be the identical fashion or lined with similar materials. The couch might be equivalent - a basic look - whereas the matching armchair generally is a extra adventurous alternative.
Husk Armchair Price. Within the fashionable development the armchair has grow to be an essential piece of furnishings together with the couch and different furnishings that you simply purchase to brighten your own home. Buying the armchair requires particular consideration because it won't solely add to the fantastic thing about the room however can even present consolation and leisure if you recline in it to observe your favourite present on the tv or learn the newspaper or simply chill out after a tiring day.
Husk Armchair Price. For hundreds of years the armchair represented standing in society and now's generally seen, accompanied by an ottoman, in residing rooms around the globe. People of nice energy and authority sat in these chairs giving them full management over their folks.
The completely different types of function armchairs fluctuate significantly, and thus have to be chosen fastidiously so as to successfully intensify and enrich the inside of your property and make sure that they serve the specified function. These boasting clear traces, sharp corners and crisp metallic options suitably improve a extra fashionable inside design scheme, while armchairs which are punctuated by elegant, mushy traces, rounded corners and earthy finishes generally tend to enhance conventional decors.
A Fire Safety Certificate is required to certify that the design of the building or works would be in compliance with the requirements of part B of the Second Schedule to the Building Regulations, with the exception of non residential houses and certain agricultural buildings, a Fire Safety Certificate is generally required for all new buildings, including apartments and flats as of 1997.
Also a certificate is required for any material changes of use and certain alterations and extensions to buildings. A fire safety certificate for any design or change of use must be obtained before work starts.
Nationwide fire safety we offer our clients consultancy on all fire safety certification applications.
We compile to all local authorities, and produce and present all relevant documentation they need to receive a Fire Safety Certificate application to the relevant Local Authority in all area’s of Munster.
These documents will consist of full detailed drawing in compliance with Part B of the Building Regulations and a comprehensive report on the Fire Safety issues relating to your building.
Despite constant occurrences of politician’s sexting employees, NFL players assaulting women and Wall Street tycoons cheating investors, sin remains fascinating, and ubiquitously destructive. The litany of lousy things people do to each other, and to themselves, continues to need our attention.
Dennis Okholm’s, Dangerous Passions, Deadly Sins: Learning from the Psychology of the Ancient Monks is a study of sin, of what the Catholic church and many others, refer to as the cardinal sins: gluttony, lust, greed, anger, envy, sloth and vain glory. These seven aren’t just the most common; they’re the parents from which all other sins originate. More specifically, Dangerous Passions, Deadly Sins is a look at the seven sins from parallel perspectives: that of early monks, namely, Evagrius (4th C.), Cassian (5th C.) and Gregory the Great (6th C.), and that of current psychologists.
Turkish forces and their Syrian rebel allies seized control of the town of Jinderes on Thursday, the state-run Anadolu news agency reported, giving them control of one of the largest settlements in Syria's northwest Afrin region.
The Turkish army and its allies from Free Syrian Army (FSA) factions pushed fighters from the Syrian Kurdish YPG out of the town centre on Thursday following intense clashes, it said, adding that operations to secure the area were continuing.
Air raids on the Jinderes town centre had intensified after Turkish forces and the FSA captured the hill overlooking it a day earlier, Anadolu said.
Turkey and its allies have so far seized five of the seven urban centers in the Afrin region, it said.
Turkey launched its air and ground assault on Afrin, dubbed Operation Olive Branch, in January to drive out the YPG, which it sees as an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) that has waged an insurgency on Turkish soil since 1984. The PKK is considered a terrorist organisation by Turkey, the United States and the European Union.
On Tuesday, Kurdish-allied Syrian Arab militias said they are redeploying 1,700 fighters from fronts against Islamic State (IS) militants to the Afrin region to help fend off the Turkish offensive.
The United States, which has infuriated Turkey with its support for the YPG-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), said Turkey's offensive on Afrin has diverted attention from the fight against IS.
HNP – The Ha Noi Department of Industry and Trade organized a ceremony to officially kick off the Ha Noi Gift Show 2018 on October 17th at National Architecture, Planning and Construction Exhibition Hall (No.1 Do Duc Duc Road, Nam Tu Liem District, Ha Noi).
The event was attended by Deputy Minister of Industry and Trade Do Thang Hai, and Vice Chairman of the Ha Noi People’s Committee Nguyen Doan Toan.
Major activities include an exhibition to introduce handicraft products by artisans of Ha Noi and provinces, cities and an international workshop on craft villages and fine art products.
With more than 650 stalls from 250 enterprises and handicraft production facilities, the show attracts the participation of many foreign firms from Japan, South Korea, China, India, and Peru.
Additionally, the event features more than 100 new products by domestic and foreign designers, including winners of the Ha Noi handicraft design contest this year.
Especially, in the framework of this year’s show, the Organizing Board will launch a business connectivity program between domestic firms and foreign importers seeking cooperation opportunities with Vietnamese businesses.
Addressing the opening ceremony, Vice Chairman of the Ha Noi People’s Committee Nguyen Doan Toan expressed his belief that the Ha Noi Gift Show 2018 will be a chance for Vietnamese enterprises to introduce their outstanding handicraft products to foreign importers, expand the market.
Besides, the event is an opportunity for artisans in Ha Noi and other cities and provinces to share their stories and provide consultancy in product design, he stressed.
The Ha Noi Gift Show is an annual event held in October in the capital city. It aims to create a bridge for enterprises, handicraft production facilities, and craft villages to exchange and seek ways to make relationships with potential national and international buyers in an effort to promote consumption and export of handicraft products.
A ceremony to mark the departure of Ha Noi sports delegation to the 8th National Sports Festival 2018 (14:10 12/11/2018)
Reviewing cooperation program and organizing official, civil servant and laborer conferences (14:10 12/11/2018)
Party Committee of Ha Noi Agency Bloc deploys key missions in the remaining months of 2018 (18:56 21/10/2018)
Minister of Railways Suresh Prabhakar Prabhu presented a cheque of Rs 50,000 to Ashwani Kumar, keyman of a gang on pathankot – Amritsar section, Firozpur division, Northern Railway, for his alertness and courage in detecting a bomb and saving the lives of hundreds of passengers in Punjab. On July 27, terrorists planted a bomb on a bridge near Dinanagar in Gurdaspur district. Kumar detected the bomb and ran in the direction from where train No 54612 was approaching the bridge. He managed to stop the train before the bridge and saved hundreds of passengers including a major bridge. A major mishap was thus averted. Minister of State for Railways Manoj Sinha, Chairman, Railway Board, Member Engineering, Railway Board and G M, Northern Railway were present. A citation was also read on the occasion.
Cheryl notices that Angus is piling on weight and decides to do something about it. She supervises his slimming programme while Angus does all the tough exercises.
Each and every stage with the Yeast infection no more system is completely described and is introduced within a way that is easy to recognize.
There is certainly one actually wonderful resource in which comes being a bonus if you obtain Yeast infection no more Cheap Lionel Messi Jersey , and in my viewpoint this free bonus alone is really worth a minimum of five times that which you buy the software.
The Bonus is always that you get 3 weeks of cost-free electronic mail consultation with Linda Allen. This really sets this method apart due to the fact this talking to is like getting guided through the approach from the author. When you have any concerns or problem you’ll be able to e-mail Linda Allen and ask her, she’ll get back to you personally with a great solution and some added guidance in 24 several hours. I realize this to get a reality due to the fact I e-mailed Linda 3 time through the 1st month I utilized the method and she usually replied in a timely way.
With all the way Yeast infection no more is structured in addition the e mail consulting, there isn’t any way you can fail. This is the reason Linda Allen’s has the highest pleasure charge while in the industry, 98% of Yeast infection no more users are pleased with the technique.
And you also know what; this is not the one bonus you get; due to the fact apart through the totally free consulting additionally you acquire four genuinely great eBooks.
The other great issue that sets Yeast infection no more a part is always that it solutions vaginal bacterial contamination completely with all all-natural and holistic strategies. There are no medicines within this program so there isn’t any risky unwanted effects. And also as you cleanse your program to get rid of Candida you will fill a lot more revived than ever.
Supposedly each assessment must chat regarding the very good and poor issues of your product becoming analyzed. But I can’t uncover something mistaken with Yeast infection no more. Or maybe there is certainly a single issue and that is that ebook is so cheap that a lot of people will buy it and by no means examine it or just take action on it. Think it or not this transpires Cheap Jordi Alba Jersey , and much more often than you believe.
Okay, so I hope this evaluation has long been useful to you personally. Should you be taking into consideration acquiring Yeast infection no more you will be inside the appropriate route. You have nothing at all to drop but your infection because the book includes a sixty days no questions asked dollars back again guarantee.I should say also was once a chronic candida infection sufferer. I tried using many of medicines and techniques that never ever genuinely delivered long lasting final results until I comprehended that vaginal infections would be the cause of your internal imbalance and until finally you resolve this imbalance you cannot get rid of them. Yeast infection no more gave me the expertise to heal my issue.
Previously on Sherlock Season only two Episode 2 "The Hounds regarding Baskerville", Sherlock and John are usually contacted by Henry Knight, a man plagued with the traumatic memories of the particular death of his father at the hands of a monstrous hound about Dartmoor years before. Investigating Dewer's Hollow Cheap Javier Mascherano Jersey , a local spot the spot that the beast is mostly seen, and the nearby Baskerville examining site, an MoD laboratory, Holmes and Watson uncover a conspiracy wherein among the scientists from Baskerville Cheap Jasper Cillessen Jersey , Dr. Frankland, is continuing the perform of H. O. U. N. D., an aborted American project to manufacture a hallucinagenic gas for armed forces use. The current hound is in actuality a dog employed for publicity which combined with the gas makes it resemble a demonic monster. The 'hound' which killed Henry's father was in fact Frankland wearing a red-lensed gas mask as well as a t-shirt bearing the logo from the HOUND group, but the young Henry's memory rationalized it as a red-eyed beast instead. Confronting both the chase and Frankland at Dewer's Useless Cheap Ivan Rakitic Jersey , the former is slain as you move the latter flees into the truly great Grimpen Minefield, a security measure pertaining to Baskerville. With the culprit plus the hound deceased and the particular story uncovered, Holmes has solved what he calls the very best case of his job. In the last scene, a man who is most likely Moriarty - Sherlock's antagonist - is released via an arrest cell by simply Sherlock's brother Mycroft. In the cell Cheap Gerard Pique Jersey , someone has carved "Sherlock" many times into the surfaces and glass.
On this week's Episode title "The Reichenbach Fall", Pentonville, the Tower of Birmingham, and the Bank of England is only the start. Sherlock must discover what exactly his greatest foe is around and stop him Cheap Gerard Deulofeu Jersey , but his reputation, and even his living, come under threat.
Based on the ebooks by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, this updated version with the Sherlock Holmes stories can be modern Cheap Denis Suarez Jersey , edgy, and dangerous. Set in present time London, Holmes is as brilliant and arrogant as at any time. His loyal friend Watson served from the Afghanistan war as a great army doctor. Together, they embark on fascinating Cheap Arda Turan Jersey , funny, and outrageous adventures.
Sherlock is a British isles television series that provides a contemporary update associated with Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes private eye stories. It was created simply by Steven Moffat and Level Gatiss, and stars Benedict Cumberbatch since Sherlock Holmes and Martin Freeman since Doctor John Watson. After an unbroadcast pilot was produced in 2009, the first series regarding three 90-minute episodes ended up being transmitted on BBC One particular and BBC HD in July and August 2010. A second series connected with three episodes premiered upon BBC One on 1 Economy is shown 2012.
Ronaldo was named UEFA's Best forward on Thursday at the Champions League draw in Monaco , but it was his teammate, Luka Modric , who won UEFA's Best Male Player honors, leading a sweep of individual honors for the three-time reigning European champion. [Full Article...]
It was good. It was what I expected. "Forget the fitness side of things, because anyone can get that right, it's the touch, it's the taking on players one on one, it's the passing". "I think my fitness is much better than the first week since I came here". "In four months' time I'll be fit, " Bolt said. To be fair to Bolt, it's tough to acclimate to a new club. [Full Article...]
The Blue Jays did what they had to do on Sunday, sending out their star third baseman to Cleveland in exchange for pennies on the dollar of what they could have had a year ago. Not that Donaldson couldn't still be worth that amount or more, but with the Blue Jays on the cusp of a rebuild, the match doesn't really make much sense anymore. [Full Article...]
Grading the trade, it looks like the Rockets came out on top. Phoenix also would send former first-round pick forward Marquese Chriss to Houston and the Suns would get guard De'Anthony Melton from the Rockets. But what makes the trade the most vexing is the Suns taking on the 30-year-old Anderson's contract - which has two seasons and nearly $42 million left on it. [Full Article...]
The New York Yankees have acquired outfielder Andrew McCutchen from the San Francisco Giants before the August 31 postseason eligibility deadline. McCutchen must be on the Yankees' roster by September 1 in order to be eligible for the postseason roster. McCutchen is making $14.75 million this season, but the Pittsburgh Pirates picked up $2.5 million of that in the trade that sent him to Sa... [Full Article...]
Ronaldo finished as top goalscorer with 15 goals and three assists in 12 games, whereas Modric mustered only one goal and one assist in 11 outings. Luka's national team career isn't too shabby either, as he was selected the best Croatian player seven times, was named on the best team of the World Cup in Russian Federation, and received the Golden Ball at the 2018 World Cup. [Full Article...]
The news is not true. The Frenchman has been a great player for the club and it will be fascinating to see how he develops under Unai Emery . But with a lot of sugar? "I like Emery. When I arrived here, I asked only for that from the cook. But the Daily Mirror is reporting that Emery has now changed the rules on player's nutrition. [Full Article...]
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho was at Turf Moor on Thursday night, August 30, as he watched Burnley face Olympiacos in the Europa League qualifier. City have won two and drawn one of their opening league games but Guardiola feels the real test begins after the worldwide break. It is the same sense of inevitability that surrounded Louis van Gaal's final days in 2016 before he was re... [Full Article...]
While talking about glioblastoma - the brain disease that took McCain , as well as Senator Ted Kennedy and Biden's own son, Beau - Biden delivered one of the most emotional parts of his speech, addressing the family and close friends who were feeling the loss of McCain most severely. [Full Article...]
Gareth Southgate has said England's success at the World Cup persuaded him not to perform a major overhaul of his squad. "I think those guys have a got a good mentality and can cope with most things, but there are issues". The 31-year-old believes the time is right for younger players to be given an extended opportunity, although he could still add to his 26 caps in the event of an injury cri... [Full Article...]
The fact she could do so rocking the meanest tutu in the sport, would make the achievement that much more poignant. It was way for Williams to protect her body, celebrate her body, and be high-end nerdy about a Marvel movie that offered groundbreaking black female representation. [Full Article...]
Speaking in Ufa on the red card to RangersTV, Flanagan said: "I haven't looked back at it - I think it might have been a bit harsh, but on behalf of me and Buffalo we have apologised to all the lads and apologise to the fans". "I always had one eye on this moment because it was the first thing we could achieve as a group and the players deserve all the credit". It would have been a brilliant ach... [Full Article...]
This marks the second straight year that the Patriots have added incentives to Gronkowski's contract. The injury-pro 29-year-old played 14 games, which means staying healthy will be imperative for him to reach the necessary benchmarks. He can only cash in on three of the four incentives. So there's a very good chance Gronkowski hits on all of his bonuses this season, especially with Tom Brady's ... [Full Article...]
Bouchard eventually made her way onto court, only to be bounced 6-4 6-3 at the hands of Marketa Vondrousova. Trailing by a set and 2-0 in their second-round clash, Kyrgios barely attempted to return serve during the next game and sat disconsolately down in his chair to the sound of booing from the crowd. [Full Article...]
Although Cristiano Ronaldo is now at Juventus , the Portuguese was recognised for his achievements with Los Merengues last season by picking up the Forward of the Season gong. He scored in all of the matches of the group stage, something that nobody had achieved before, and scored a bicycle kick against Juventus that was chosen as the Best Goal of the tournament. [Full Article...]
While three-time champion Nadal and Ferrer close proceeedings on Arthur Ashe Stadium, world number three and 2009 victor Juan Martin del Potro brings the first day on the new Louis Armstrong Stadium to a conclusion. I tried two more games. "It was very humid and I felt something". But several players had trouble in the heat, struggling with cramping or simply breathing. [Full Article...]
Doubts have been cast over whether Salah - known as The Egyptian King among Liverpool fans - will continue playing for his national team following the dispute and lingering tensions over his treatment during the World Cup. "The only way to make our requests seem unreasonable is by distorting them". Moreover, the relationship was strained further after pictures were released of him alongside ... [Full Article...]
India and England face off in the fourth Test of the five-match series, which the home team now leads 2-1, at the Ageas Bowl in Southampton . Ganguly feels that not only India outclassed England in all departments, but they put them under some pressure. [Full Article...]
Liverpool shone throughout and were the top-scorers of the tournament with 47 throughout the competition. Liverpool , who can not meet a fellow English club at this stage, will be grouped with one team from each of the following pots . [Full Article...]
Kendricks paid Mr. Sonoiki $10,000 in the form of cash kickbacks and free National Football League game tickets. Television writer, Damilare Sonoiki, also has been charged with helping Kendricks in his investments. The NFL pro is a sixth year outside linebacker who was drafted out of the University of California, Berkeley. In a statement , Browns General Manager John Dorsey said the club ... [Full Article...]
Many ultra-runners have a race crew that goes along to the races and meets the runner at various points to provide support, encouragement, nutrition, and sometimes a pacer on the long run.
I do, but my crew is a virtual crew. My crew helps me get to the race start, prepares for the long run, and helps me recuperate afterward.
I want to thank my crew for their hard work and dedication to helping me achieve my 50 mile ultra-marathon goal this year.
Let me start with my trainer, Jon Tobey of The Fitness Factory (http://fitnessfactorynh.com/). Jon and I started working together a few years ago when I first started running and my first goal was to be able to run a half marathon in Ireland without dying of pain. I did! Now, Jon and I work together each week and each week we work toward a combined mission of making me more fit and achieving an annual running goal. This year’s was to run a 50-miler. Mission accomplished! But it’s not the last.
Jon Tobey will tell you my main weak spots are my hamstrings and IT bands. There are others, of course, but when it comes to running, especially up hills, these are my “you need work” zones. By the end of too many races and long runs my upper legs want to give up. Not so in my 50-miler last weekend. A 50-miler that consisted of 7500 feet of elevation gain and loss. As a matter of fact, at mile 30 my legs felt so good I was running the descents like I hadn’t a care in the world. And loving it!
After a long run the discomfort and pain in my legs is usually so uncomfortable that I spend half the night awake and whimpering. Not so on this run! This achievement is a direct correlation to the hard work with my fabulous, can’t say enough about him, my trainer, Jon Tobey. If you want to reach a fitness goal, I highly recommend Jon Tobey of The Fitness Factory (http://fitnessfactorynh.com/). Tell him Denise sent you.
Another great team member in this long-term goal of running and fitness is my chiropractor, Mark Stagnone of Stagnone Chiropractic (http://www.stagnonechiropractic.com/). I found Mark about a year and a half ago, maybe more when I woke up one day in excruciating pain in my lower back. Thank goodness I found Mark! He made the pain go away almost immediately. Turns out I have a problem with my SI joint. Basically, it just doesn’t like to stay where it should. Unless, of course, when I’m running. No joke! My body likes to run, but it doesn’t like to sit. Unfortunately, for my job and my commute I do a lot of walking.
Mark has been an amazing asset to my crew in that he keeps me upright and without pain. We discuss my insane running schedule while he manipulates my spine to help me achieve my goals. If you want someone who knows about athletes, who cares about his patients, and wants to help you achieve a health goal then I recommend you contact Stagnone Chiropractic (http://www.stagnonechiropractic.com/), ask for Phyllis and have her get you an appointment with Mark Stagnone.
The third member of my race crew is my massage therapist, Amie Anderson of Cassandra Salon and Spa (http://www.cassandrasalon.com/). Amie has the magic touch when it comes to working the kinks out of sore, tight, and often obstinate muscles. What I like about Amie is that she will try different techniques to get those muscles to loosen up. A little elbow here, a knucle there, or a heated stone in that muscle. Amie has seen me crawl onto the massage table, seen my calf muscles so tight she probably wanted to weep, but she has been there for every pre-race massage and every post-race ‘please help me I can’t move’ massage.
After I did my first half marathon a few years ago I think both Amie and I wept as she kneaded every muscle in my legs. HA! She has helped my poor calf muscles go from being tight as a pulled bow to being somewhat pliable. And after this 50-miler, Amie was pleasantly surprised that I not only walked in to the salon, but I didn’t yelp in agony when she dug in.
Amie Anderson, massage therapist is the best! She will talk you through the pain and get you to that relaxation zone. She will remind you to hydrate, which is good because who doesn’t need a little reminder. She will ask you if there are any zones you want her to concentrate on. For me, always the legs, especially calves and then the back. Thanks to Amie my recuperation time has shortened to days instead of weeks.
To these three professionals, I cannot thank you all enough for your effort on my behalf to help me reach an unbelievable goal. A year ago I would never have attempted an ultra-marathon, let alone a 50 mile ultra-marathon. But with you all as part of my team and your encouragement, I was destined to succeed.
I completed my first 50 mile race. It was exciting, fun, scary, nerve wracking, painful, but absolutely the best challenge both physically and mentally.
On Saturday, May 2 at 6 AM I started the Rock the Ridge 50-miler at the Mohonk Preserve in Gardiner, NY.
I was up at 2:30 AM to eat and get ready then left the hotel at 4 AM to get to the parking area where a bus picked up the runners and dropped us off at the start. The start was at the Gatehouse of Mohonk Preserve. There all the runners stood around talking, taking photos, eating more, making last minute gear checks and changes, checking in bags for drop-offs to be used later in the race, and of course used the port-o-potties.
After the National Anthem was sung the race director kicked off the race and everyone took off, everyone with their own plan of attack. My ‘attack’ was to finish, preferably in one piece and standing upright. You think I am joking? Nope. Since this would be the farthest I would have gone on foot then my goal truly was to complete it.
With that goal in mind, I put a couple of audiobooks on my headphones to help keep me at a slower pace. That worked pretty well until the headphones died at about 10 and a half hours into the run. Luckily, I was mostly prepared for this as I brought a second pair but those had music on them, but that was good. I needed a little kick in the butt to keep me moving.
I wore two sport watches; one was my fitbit surge (which is supposed to last 7 days…and never has) and the other was my Garmin 910. The fitbit only lasted 10 hours, but until then it was right on the money and tracking. The Garmin lasted the entire time, but it’s tracking on distance seemed to be about 1.5 miles behind from the fitbit and the actual distance markers on the trail. That was annoying when trying to gauge one aid station to the next and of course that last push to the finish line.
I had some great advice from a group of ultrarunners who said to break the race up into pieces and to do that aim for each aid station. This worked fabulously! Kind of like baby steps for fifty (50) miles.
The aid stations were terrific. Plenty of fluids, fruit, chips, and various other snacks including potatoes and chili to help fuel the body covered the tables. I did bring my own energy food, like squeezable applesauce, beef sticks, chia granola bars, and lifesavers so I didn’t have to rely on the aid stations, but I did partake. The volunteers were fabulous, helping you reload, get your drop bag, or just plain give up a chair so you could change your socks. Thank you volunteers! This message can never been said enough, especially to those that were out there in the wilderness late at night to give us a glass of Gatorade or water and generally make certain we were moving forward with a little cheer of encouragement.
A cell phone was absolutely necessary during the race. Why? Obviously for some sense of security especially when aid stations were as much as ten miles apart. The camera in the phone was also good to push myself to enjoy the scenery as I whizzed or more likely walked by and not focus solely on the finish line. It was fabulous as evidenced by the images of the waterfall, the lake, and the hills. Besides those, I had the experience of almost stepping on a black snake. Thanks goodness it made its hissing sound just in the nick of time. But boy, you’ve never seen this girl run so fast up a hill in your life. Hands flailing and yes, I probably screamed. But I also saw the most beautiful white-tailed deer that stopped, stared and then bounded off before it even crossed my mind to pull out my phone for a photo.
I learned a couple of things during this event. First, wear your hydration pack BEFORE actually using it so you know where it is going to rub. My shoulders paid the consequences but luckily I had Body Glide with me and applied that everywhere and that alleviated it somewhat. My shoulders are a tad sore today from the weight of the pack and not the actual chafing so that’s good. However, a hydration pack was the perfect idea because I never ran out of fluids and when eating a beef stick to get sodium and protein in my body I had liquids to flush it down.
One of the most important lessons for me was to learn that when they say cinder trail that means cinder block, that means hard, and that it is not softer than asphalt. Tip to myself: wear trail shoes! I thought my typical shoes would be good and cushy. NOT!
When night descended I resorted to a headlamp. Like the good runner I am I attached it to my head over my very vibrant yellow hat. Great! Bring on the darkness. Except, just FYI, if you have vertigo the use of a headlamp is not so cool. My depth perception got completely skewed where I thought the grass (where there was grass) was a foot tall when in fact it was a couple inches. And my vision was so weird that it was like I had tunnel vision. Carrying the lamp in my hand resolved those issues. Thank goodness!
I probably should have done some late night runs BEFORE this race as well because let’s face it; running at night, in the woods was a little creepy. Remember when you were a kid out on a walk with your friends late at night and you heard something rustle the leaves? What did you do? You screamed and bolted for home. Okay, I’m no longer that little girl, but my heart raced and I kept flashing my light around making certain the bear was not actually following me. It was a tad unnerving. Plus, since the mile markers were only every 5 miles apart, and the arrows marking the direction to go were not abundant I became a little worried that I would go the wrong way. Day time that was no issue. Sunset, well, the mind does play tricks. Cruel, evil tricks. But since I am writing this I obviously survived and got out of the woods.
Let’s talk hills. I HATE them! But honestly, because I went in with the right attitude I walked most the inclines and jogged the downs. Okay, the descents to me are like slides at a park. Wheeee! This race had some of both with over 7500 feet of elevation gain and loss, the most I have ever done. My body did well. Legs were great! I could have kept on going…except the BLISTERS!
No matter the amount of sock changes (three in this race) and the amount of Body Glide I applied, I still managed to get blisters. No, not your teeny tiny, oh aren’t they cute blisters. I got blisters between toes, on top of toes, and the mother of all blisters at the joint of the big toe where it meets the actual ball of the foot. Excruciating! In all seriousness, this was the only issue for me physically. And when I hit mile 40 every time I didn’t pick up my foot high enough and I stubbed my shoe on a rock I was no longer a lady, but the foul-mouthed brawler who wanted to cry. How’s that for an image?
You know what though? Besides wanting to punch every rock that bit at my blisters, and the pain of every step, I mentally pushed past it and willed the mind to close out the pain. It worked off and on and worked even better when a couple of runners who were behind me caught up for the last five miles and we pushed each other on to persevere.
I will state for the record when we saw the sign that said ‘Home Stretch’ we all wanted to know how far that meant. A mile, half a mile? In this case it turned out to be a little over two miles. You probably think, two miles, no big deal. WRONG! After 16 plus hours on your feet, two hours is an eternity. I think the three of us will state that the home stretch was by far the longest section of the race. It was never ending! And the finish line, when we finally saw the lights never felt like it was getting closer.
But it did! And we crossed the line. At the finish there were more race volunteers to cheer us home, offer us a hug, a smile, and a boxed lunch. The race director spoke with me at the finish and because I was a late entry he felt bad that my name was not going to be on the bib so he printed a label with my name on it and affixed it to my bib. It sounds like something so small, but when you are on a course and someone yells out your name, it gives you the warm and fuzzies all over. Thanks, Ken!
To the couple who hooked up with me in the last five miles, I cannot thank you enough for helping take my mind off the blisters. And to all the other runners I met and spoke with that day. It was a pleasure.
If you are looking for a 50-miler, whether your first or your fifteenth, I would highly recommend the Rock the Ridge Endurance Challenge. The funds raised are for a worthy cause and it’s a well-run event with amazing volunteers. Thank you volunteers!
Location: - All - BasseterreCharlestown	Saint PaulʿsSadlersMiddle IslandCayonTabernacleSandy PointMansionBoydsDieppe BayMonkey HillGingerlandNewcastleFig Tree	Cotton Ground
Good hands are soft enough to feel different pressures through the weight of the reins yet firm enough to act as a wall the horse may not pass through.
Keep your hands in a six inch box just in front and above the saddle horn - ideally the hands should move no more than three inches in any direction from the center of that box.
Invest in good leather reins. Light reins have no feel or life to them. Good reins allow the rider to communicate with the horse by simply......
Make a 16' circle within the 45' circle. The outside edge of your 16' circle remains the same as the outside edge of your 45' circle. (see diagram)
This exercise builds better balance through the use of circles. The tighter the circle, the more difficult it is to balance and the more important it is for both horse and rider to be in the correct position...
TGB 10 Best Albums Right Now is a list of our favorite albums that released within the past year or so. Each album captures a unique sound and perspective on American culture right now. We cover Indie, Rock, Rap, Hip Hop, Electronic, Pop, Country, Folk and more. In short, we love these albums and want you to give them a listen!
“Big Fish Theory” is the second full-length (to go along with two standout EP’s) album for the Long Beach, California based rapper, further cementing Staples status as one of the young shining lights of modern hip-hop. Like Kendrick Lamar, Staples is...
Kendrick Lamar is the most exciting and inspired artist in music today. After 2015’s world conquering, heavily jazz & funk-influenced “To Pimp A Butterfly,” Lamar with “Damn” brings the focus back towards pure rap, but “Damn” is...
Fifth full-length album by singer-songwriter & wunderkind guitarist Annie Clark (As St. Vincent) is one of 2017’s best albums. Like two of her heroes, David Byrne & David Bowie, Clark is never content to rest on her laurels, stretching her writing...
The fourth album finds Philadelphia’s The War On Drugs really settling into a groove after 2014’s incredibly well received “Lost In The Dream”. With a sound and production deeply indebted to mid-eighties Boomer-rock (think “Avalon”-era Roxy...
The seventh album by gloomy Brooklyn dads, The National, is to my ears their best since “Boxer”. The National rock harder here on a few tracks than usual giving “Beast” an energy and urgency not quite there on their still very good last few prior...
Twenty year old, precociously talented Lorde follows up her wildly successful debut album (2013’s “Pure Heroine”) with “Melodrama”, which is five times better than her pretty great debut- an album which simultaneously shows major music growth, is a...
Third album and first since 2012’s “Coexist,” “I See You” is both an improvement on that record and a step forward for this talented London trio. While maintaining the group’s signature smooth, sultry sound the xx incorporates elements from DJ...
Fourth full-length by Northern Jersey bred indie jangle pop act is another winner, making a strong if subtle case that Real Estate is one of the best and most consistent rock groups of this decade. Founding guitarist Matt Mondanile has left the group and...
Multi-talented singer, songwriter & producer Bruno Mars takes the template from the biggest hit of his career- his collaboration with Mark Ronson “Uptown Funk,” and runs with it on his third and most enjoyable album yet. “24K Magic”...
Bdog's Music blog is dedicated to all things music and is recommended to both the casual music fan and the music junkie who wants to dig in and discuss music from the past sixty years or so -- no matter how culturally important or completely obscure.
The Gourmet Bachelor covers Food, Wine, Spirits, Music, Travel, Style, Design, Photography, Cooking, Celebrities, Restaurants, Bars, Review & New York City. >>
Your information will never be shared with a third party. I accept the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and confirm I am at least 21 years old. We will ship a free copy of The Gourmet Bachelor cookbook to every 100th new member ($34.50 value).
Our series of veterans’ stories features a Pearl Harbor survivor…Solutions for Seniors has some tips on keeping mentally and physically active…Show Tunes Spotlight falls on Grease…an archive interview with an early executive of Capitol Records. Plus great musical memories from Paul Anka, Nat King Cole, Hank Williams, The Carpenters and others!
http://media.blubrry.com/thegreatestmemories/p/www.thegreatestmemories.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/Podcast0416.mp3
http://media.blubrry.com/thegreatestmemories/p/www.thegreatestmemories.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/Podcast0815.mp3
http://media.blubrry.com/thegreatestmemories/p/www.thegreatestmemories.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Podcast0615.mp3
http://media.blubrry.com/thegreatestmemories/p/www.thegreatestmemories.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/Podcast1013.mp3
On the other hand sometimes the fun-est things sadly don’t come with any reward other than a warm feeling.
I was going to put these in the Parish News but when I got a yet another request for volunteers for various things in a week I thought it might make a post. So here goes…
The first two are for slots on TV shows. Now, personally I can’t think of anything I’d like less than appearing on telly, but there must be a load of people that love it so maybe these will appeal to one or two of you here.
Firstly, and this is a speedy one as I’ve just realised it’s tomorrow, the BBC is going to present The Great British Weather Show from Greenwich Park tomorrow evening. They say
“Be part of our audience for this brand new programme as we bring the weather to life through exciting experiments and stunts.”
The show is live and takes place between 6.00pm and 8.00pm. To be sure of a place email Love Productions with your contact details and the number of people in your party, or call 020 7067 4873
I’ve looked down the celebrity guest list and, for anyone who attended Nomad cinema’s otherwise-brilliant Groundhog Day, and witnessed the most embarrassing introduction to a movie ever, you’ll be glad to know that Tomaz Schafernaker doesn’t appear to be part of the team that day.
Okay. next, RDF TV are doing a new cookery show called Family Cook-Off where families compete in a knockout-style competition to impress Ainsley Harriott and a special mystery celebrity guest (the mind boggles but Ainsley’s a cheery chap…) with various different funkily-named menus.
They’ll be doing Breakfast on the Go on August 7th at the Old Royal Naval College and they need three ‘Real People’ judges to be in the audience, test the food and give opinions. Ideally they want people who have a breakfast agenda – for instance someone who has no time in the mornings but wants a fabulous, fast breakfast or they cycle to work and need 10,000 calories. If they like food, all the better.
Moving swiftly on, and going from National prime-time to Local evening-time, there’s a new Open Mic night at the Prince of Greenwich every other week where pretty much, it would seem, anything goes.
I’m guessing musicians, singers, comics and performance poets are the mainstay, but I’m told that performers of any description are welcome so if you’re a washboard fanatic, can play the spoons or can stick a washing up bowl to your massive belly using only suction and a lot of Fairy Liquid and play tunes with the fart sounds you make when you suck your tummy in (a real act I once saw in the good old Malcolm Hardee-esque days when anything really did go…) then turn up and wow the world. It was last on on Sunday so I’m guessing the next one is Sunday 7th August (perhaps you could demonstrate your new-found cookery skills from the Family Cook-Off)
You can just turn up from 7.30pm or, to guarantee a slot, email ahead If you just want to go and watch (can’t guarantee any washing-up bowl antics, but you never know…) it’s free to get in.
From the ridiculous to the sublime, one more this morning, folks, before this kind of thing ends up in the Parish News again.
Carol Kenna of Greenwich Mural Workshop (if it’s made of mosaic or painted on a wall it’s probably something to do with these guys) is behnid a new project called the Charlton Parks Reminiscence Project and they have recently begun collecting stories and recollections about the various parks and open spaces in Charlton, that once were held within the Maryon-Wilson Charlton Estate. They include Hornfair Park, Charlton Park, Maryon Wilson Park, Maryon Park, Gilberts Pit and the Barrier Park.
They’re looking for people with memories of these places and events that have taken place there over the years – from the old fairs through to the filming of Blow Up. They’re also looking for volunteers to interview all the people with memories and help collate the findings for websites and live events.
It looks like something fun to be involved with, and I shall replicate the leaflet on the Parish News, which I do TRY to keep updated these days, so if you’re interested, take a peek in that section.
This entry was posted on Tuesday, July 26th, 2011 at 8:48 am and is filed under Events. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Love should mean honesty and trust, which are rooted transparency. Truthful exchange of information is essential for both friendship and marriage. Love cannot thrive in darkness of secrecy. Yardstick of love is transparency. A fiance, despite knowing about his disease, kept it off from his lover and when it was revealed by a doctor who treated him, the young man fought a legal battle till Supreme Court.
The issue before the Supreme Court was disclosure of information of a patient affected by HIV to his fiance. (Decided on 21st Sept 1998 by S Saghir Ahmad, BN Kirpal JJ Supreme Court. https://indiankanoon.org /doc/ 382721/]
Itoku Yepthomi was advised to go to Z hospital at Chennai and Dr X was asked to accompany. X was asked to donate blood as Y needed it for surgery, before which his blood sample was taken and it was found HIV+ve. X had proposed to marry Ms Y. It was called off because of medical test result. X was ostracised by the community and he had to leave Kohima for Chennai. X sued the hospital in the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC) for revealing his health information. Duty of care includes confidentiality which was violated, he alleged.
"I swear by Apollo the physician and Aesculapius and health and all-heal and all the gods and goddesses that according to my ability arid judgment I will keep this path and this stipulation - to reckon him who taught me this art equally dear to me as my parents, to Share my substance with and relieve his necessities if required, to look upon his offspring in the same footing as my own brothers and to teach them this art if they shall wish to learn it without fee or stipulation and that by precept, lecture, and every other mode of instruction I will impart a knowledge of the art to my own sons and those of my teachers and to disciples bound by a stipulation and oath according to the law of medicine but to none others.
I will follow that system of regimen which, according to my ability and judgment, I consider for the benefit of my patients, and abstain from whatever is deleterious and mischievous. I will give no deadly medicine to any one if asked nor suggest any such counsel, and in like manner I will not give to a woman a pessary to produce abortion.
With purity and with holiness I will pass my life and practice my art, I will not cut persons laboring under the stone but will leave this to be done by men who are practitioners of this work, Into whatever houses I enter, I will go into them for the benefit of the sick and will abstain from every voluntary act of mischief and corruption, and further, from the seduction of females or males, of freeman and slaves, whatever in connection with rny professional practice, or not in connection with it, I see or hear, in the life of men, which ought not to be spoken of abroad, I will not divulge as reckoning that all such should be kept secret.
While I continue to keep this oath unviolated, may it be granted to me to enjoy life and the practice of the art, respected by all men, in all times, but should I trespass and violate this oath, may the reverse be my lot."
It has two parts: The first, or covenant, is the solemn agreement concerning the relationship of apprentice to "teacher and the obligations enjoined on the pupil.” The second part constitutes the ethical code. It is on the basis of the above that the International Code of Medical Ethics has laid down that:
"A physician shall preserve absolute confidentiality on all he knows about his patient even after his patient has died."
The Indian Medical Council Act controls the medical education and regulates the professional conduct. Section 20A inserted by the Indian Medical Council (Amendment) Act 1964 provides:
"Professional Conduct : (1) The Council may prescribe the standards of professional conduct and etiquette and a code of ethics for medical practitioners,
(2) Regulations made by the Council under sub-section (1) may specify which violations thereof shall constitute infamous conduct in any professional respect, that it is to say, professional misconduct, and such provision shall have effect notwithstanding anything contained in any law for the time being in' force."
"33. Power to make regulations - The Council may, with the previous sanction of the Central Government, make regulations generally to carry out the purposes of this Act, and, without prejudice to the generality of this power, such regulations may provide for (a) xxx xxx xxx (m) the standards of professional conduct and etiquette and code of ethics to be observed by medical practitioners“
A Code of Medical Ethics has been made by the Indian Medical Council which, inter alia, provides as under:
"Do not disclose the secrets of a patient that have been learnt in the exercise of your profession. Those may be disclosed only in a Court of Law under orders of the presiding judge."
It is contended that the doctor's duty to maintain secrecy has a corelative right vested in the patient that whatever has come to the knowledge of the doctor would not be divulged and it is this right which is being enforced through these proceedings.
It is the basic principle of jurisprudence that every right has a co-relative duty and every duty has a co-relative right. But the rule is not absolute. It is subject to certain exceptions in the sense that a person may have a right but there may not be co- relative duty.
The General Medical Council of Great Britain in its guidance on HIV infection and AIDS has provided as under: "When diagnosis has been made by a specialist and the patient after appropriate counseling, still refuses permission for the General Practitioner to be informed of the result, that request for privacy should be respected.
“The only exception would be when failure to disclose would put the health of the healthcare team at serious risk. All people receiving such information much consider themselves to be under the same obligations of confidentiality as the doctor principally responsible for the patient's care. Occasionally, the doctor may wish to disclose a diagnosis to a third party other than a healthcare professional. The Council thinks that the only grounds for this are when there is a serious and identifiable, risk to a specific person, who, if not so informed would be exposed to infection.... A doctor may consider it a duty to ensure that any sexual partner is informed regardless of the patient's own wishes.”
Thus, the Code of Medical Ethics also carves out an exception to the rule of confidentiality. The public interest would override the duty of confidentiality, particularly where there is an immediate or future health risk to others. The argument that appellant's right of privacy has been infringed by the respondents by disclosing the appellant was HIV(+) and, therefore, they are liable in damages is not acceptable.
The Supreme Court concluded that, “the argument that the respondents were under a duty to maintain confidentiality, on account of the Code of Medical Ethics formulated by the Indian Medical Council, cannot be accepted as the proposed marriage carried with it the health risk to an identifiable person who had to be protected from being infected with the communicable disease from which the appellant suffered, The right to confidentiality, if any, vested in the appellant was not enforceable in the present situation.”
With our new website, we’ve decided to close down our forum, but for those who still love to interact with us, other poker players and meet fans of the game, we’ve decided to start a Facebook Group.
Our website uses cookies to make your experience on our website better. If you continue to use this website then we will assume you are ok with that. Read more.
Meeker senior Tannen Kennedy (5) goes after the catch during last week's winning semifinal game against Holyoke. This week the Cowboys head to Limon to face the Badgers in the quarterfinals. It's the second time in two years the Cowboys have played Limon in the quarterfinals. Download the free ZAPPAR app in your app store to see additional photos from the game. TIFFANY JEHOREK PHOTOS
MEEKER | A 12-7 against the Holyoke Dragons earned the Meeker High School Cowboys football team another week of practice and a trip to the quarterfinals this Saturday in Limon.
“We didn’t play our best,” said head coach Shane Phelan of the game against Holyoke. “Both sides of the ball played OK, but not as consistently as we would have liked. But we still have a golden opportunity and we are happy to practice for one more week.”
The Cowboys’ Ryan Phelan finished with 158 yards in the air, connecting with Kelton Turner, Andy Kracht and Tristan Wille three times each. On the ground they ran for 210 yards, led by Turner and followed closely by Tannen Kennedy.
The Cowboys were still plagued by a few injuries but had players stepping in to fill roles efficiently.
For the second time this season, and for the second playoff game in two years, the Cowboys will take on the Limon Badgers in an away game.
“We feel we’ve grown and are excited to match up again,” Phelan said. “This is the exact same spot we were in last year.”
In their second attempt to bring home the “W” against the No. 1 team in the state, the Cowboys will need to come ready to battle.
Offensively, Limon will run the ball but they also have a very effective passing game. The Badgers have an experienced quarterback. Meeker’s Phelan is much younger, but also has an excellent pass completion of 63 percent that Limon will have to get ready for. Defensively Meeker has leadership in Luis Villalpando and James Amick, team leaders in total tackles, who are adept at finding gaps in the offensive holes.
Meeker will need to be ready for Limon’s “nucleus of seniors that have played together for a long time,” Phelan said. “We are ready for another shot at them.”
Please support this website by adding us to your whitelist in your ad blocker. Ads help us bring you quality online content! Thank you!
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Application are invited for the post of Principal, Professor, Associate Professor, Assistant Professor and Librarian Posts.
How to Apply: Interested and eligible candidates should send their application form to the following address.
Refer a friend, family member or co-worker. This must be a new customer who purchases one or more item from our site or via our Poshmark closet.
Comment the name of the person you referred when you checkout, so we can verify their order. If there's a specific pair of earrings you'd like, let us know in the notes.
We use our own and third party cookies to improve your experience and our services. If you continue, we consider that you accept their use. You can get more information on your website at cookies policy.
THE MAGAZINE ANTIQUES ARTNEWS ART IN AMERICA MODERN MAGAZINE NEWSLETTERS ART IN AMERICA GUIDE AMH LLC
from The Magazine ANTIQUES, March/April 2013 | This summer the nation will commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg. Most historians believe the repulse by George G. Meade of Robert E. Lee’s emboldened Army of Northern Virginia was the turning point of the American Civil War. Fought in and around a small town eighty-five miles north of the …
blockadecivildavidfacegastonHamiltonhiddenjeffJeff L. Rosenheimphotographsrosenheimthomasvaughanwarwoodwynn
Dispatch 1: A White House Makeover, Americana On The Rise, The Storyville Story, New Questions About
Thousand Oaks, Westlake Village, Simi Valley, Agoura Hills, Moorpark, Oak Park, Newbury Park, calaba California, Conejo Valley Home Loan - Terry Moerler Partners/Keller Williams Westlake Village ventura county real estate, conejo valley real estate, conejo valley real property, westlake village real estate, Newbury Park real estate, Moorpark real estate, simi valley real estate, oak park real
The fixed-rate mortgage is the most popular mortgage program in use today. Fixed-rate loans offer the borrow a fixed interest rate for the life of the loan, typically 15 to 30 years. Borrowers have peace of mind knowing that their monthly payment will not change over time. Conventional fixed-rate mortgages have underwriting requirements established by Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, and require certain down-payment and debt-to-equity ratios to qualify. Fixed-rate loans are especially attractive to buyers who plan to stay in their home for more than a few years.
With an Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM), the interest rate changes periodically, and payments go up or down accordingly. Rates are tied to an index that reflects the cost of money at any given point in time. Generally speaking, lenders charge a lower initial interest rate for the ARM than for the fixed rate mortgage. If you are expecting interest rates to decrease in the future, or if you are trying to maximize your purchase power today knowing your income will rise in the future, then this loan may be right for you. Adjustable rate loans are attractive for buyers who expect to be in the home for a short period of time.
The Federal Housing Administration (FHA), offers loans for low-to-moderate-income home buyers. FHA loans have lower down payments, and have relatively easier requirements than conventional fixed-rate mortgages. FHA mortgages have no income restrictions and even those with lower credit scores may be considered. Past bankruptcy does not necessarily disqualify borrowers from using this program!
In addition, the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) offers a zero-down mortgage program. To take advantage of this program, borrowers need to be among those listed as veterans and service personnel in the U.S. military. One of the biggest benefits of this program is that it eliminates the need for private mortgage insurance!
There are often many state and local programs available. These programs offer down-payment assistance and programs for local home ownership. Learn more about these local programs, recommended lenders, and other finance options by contacting us today!
To educate yourself about mortgage options in Piers Island compare mortgage products Online. Obtain information from several lenders in Piers Island.
Shopping for best mortgage interest rate in Piers Island is easier once you have educated yourself about your needs and mortgage products that can work for you. The usual place to start is with your current bank in Piers Island. Be sure to get any interest rate offers in writing. Keep in mind that when dealing with a bank in Piers Island, you only deal with one lender in Piers Island.
The services of a Piers Island mortgage broker will help you find the best mortgage rate. A knowledgeable Piers Island mortgage broker will usually get you a better mortgage rate in Piers Island than you could on your own. Remember that a mortgage broker is not limited to dealing with one or two lenders. Piers Island mortgage brokers can deal directly with almost all the lenders in the lending industry to find you the best available mortgage in Piers Island.
Mortgage Brokers in Piers Island usually don't charge any fee for residential mortgages. Make sure you not only get the good interest rate but also get your mortgage on great terms. Get a rate hold (lock your rate) for 90 days if you are shopping for a home. Ask about pre-payment penalities. Learn about variable rate and fixed rate mortgage options. Try to save appraisal fees.
Besides the Banks in Piers Island (Royal Bank, Td Bank, Bank of Montreal, CIBC, Scotiabank or Bank of Nova Scotia) there are several other lenders in Piers Island like ING Direct, PC Financial, MCAP, Maple Trust, Citizens Bank, HSBC, etc. Your Piers Island mortgage broker may deal with many many more lenders.
2nd mortgages Abbotsford BC Bank of Montreal Best Mortgage Interest Rate Vancouver Best Mortgage Interest Rate 100 Mile House Best Mortgage Interest Rate 108 Mile Ranch Best Mortgage Interest Rate 3 Valley Gap Best Mortgage Interest Rate 70 Mile House Best Mortgage Interest Rate Adams Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Agassiz Best Mortgage Interest Rate Ainsworth Hot Springs Best Mortgage Interest Rate Alaska Highway Best Mortgage Interest Rate Aldergrove Best Mortgage Interest Rate Alert Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Alexis Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Anacortes Best Mortgage Interest Rate Anahim Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Anmore Best Mortgage Interest Rate Apex Mountain Best Mortgage Interest Rate Armstrong Best Mortgage Interest Rate Ashcroft Best Mortgage Interest Rate Atlin Best Mortgage Interest Rate Babine Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Balfour Best Mortgage Interest Rate Bamfield Best Mortgage Interest Rate Banff Best Mortgage Interest Rate Barkerville Best Mortgage Interest Rate Barrie Best Mortgage Interest Rate Barriere Best Mortgage Interest Rate Bear Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Beaverdell Best Mortgage Interest Rate Beaverlodge Best Mortgage Interest Rate Bell II Best Mortgage Interest Rate Bella Bella Best Mortgage Interest Rate Bella Coola Best Mortgage Interest Rate Bella Coola Valley Best Mortgage Interest Rate Big Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Big White Ski Resort Best Mortgage Interest Rate Birken Best Mortgage Interest Rate Black Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Blackfish Sound Best Mortgage Interest Rate Blaine Best Mortgage Interest Rate Blairmore Best Mortgage Interest Rate Blind Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Blue River Best Mortgage Interest Rate Boston Bar Best Mortgage Interest Rate Boswell Best Mortgage Interest Rate Bowen Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Bowron Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Bowser Best Mortgage Interest Rate Brackendale Best Mortgage Interest Rate Brentwood Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Bridge Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Britannia Beach Best Mortgage Interest Rate Brookmere Best Mortgage Interest Rate Burns Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Cache Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Calgary Best Mortgage Interest Rate Canim Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Canmore Best Mortgage Interest Rate Canyon Hot Springs Best Mortgage Interest Rate Cassidy Best Mortgage Interest Rate Castle Rock Best Mortgage Interest Rate Castlegar Best Mortgage Interest Rate Cathedral Grove Best Mortgage Interest Rate Causton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Cawston Best Mortgage Interest Rate Celista Best Mortgage Interest Rate Charlie Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Chase Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Chaunigan Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Chemainus Best Mortgage Interest Rate Cherryville Best Mortgage Interest Rate Chetwynd Best Mortgage Interest Rate Chilanko Forks Best Mortgage Interest Rate Christina Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Clearbrook Best Mortgage Interest Rate Clearwater Best Mortgage Interest Rate Clinton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Cloverdale Best Mortgage Interest Rate Cobble Hill Best Mortgage Interest Rate Coombs Best Mortgage Interest Rate Cortes Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Cowichan Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Crawford Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Crescent Spur Best Mortgage Interest Rate Creston Best Mortgage Interest Rate Crofton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Cultus Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Cumberland Best Mortgage Interest Rate Cypress Mountain Best Mortgage Interest Rate Dease Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Denman Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Douglas Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Duncan Best Mortgage Interest Rate Dunster Best Mortgage Interest Rate Eagle Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate East Kelowna Best Mortgage Interest Rate Echo Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Edmonton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Egmont Best Mortgage Interest Rate Elkford Best Mortgage Interest Rate Elko Best Mortgage Interest Rate Enderby Best Mortgage Interest Rate Erickson Best Mortgage Interest Rate Errington Best Mortgage Interest Rate Esperanza Best Mortgage Interest Rate Fairmont Hot Springs Best Mortgage Interest Rate Falkland Best Mortgage Interest Rate Fanny Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Ferndale Best Mortgage Interest Rate Fernie Best Mortgage Interest Rate Fernie Alpine Resort Best Mortgage Interest Rate Field Best Mortgage Interest Rate Forest Grove Best Mortgage Interest Rate Fort Langley Best Mortgage Interest Rate Fort Nelson Best Mortgage Interest Rate Fort St. James Best Mortgage Interest Rate Fort Steele Best Mortgage Interest Rate Fraser Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Fruitvale Best Mortgage Interest Rate Gabriola Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Galiano Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Gambier Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Garden Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Garibaldi Highlands Best Mortgage Interest Rate Gibsons Best Mortgage Interest Rate Gold Bridge Best Mortgage Interest Rate Gold River Best Mortgage Interest Rate Goldbridge Best Mortgage Interest Rate Golden Best Mortgage Interest Rate Grand Forks Best Mortgage Interest Rate Granisle Best Mortgage Interest Rate Grasmere Best Mortgage Interest Rate Gray Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Greenwood Best Mortgage Interest Rate Grindrod Best Mortgage Interest Rate Groundbirch Best Mortgage Interest Rate Grouse Mountain Best Mortgage Interest Rate Hagensborg Best Mortgage Interest Rate Halfmoon Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Haney Best Mortgage Interest Rate Hanson Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Harrison Best Mortgage Interest Rate Harrison Hot Springs Best Mortgage Interest Rate Harrison Mills Best Mortgage Interest Rate Hazelton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Hedley Best Mortgage Interest Rate Heffley Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Hell's Gate Best Mortgage Interest Rate Heriot Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Hixon Best Mortgage Interest Rate Holberg Best Mortgage Interest Rate Hope Best Mortgage Interest Rate Hornby Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Horsefly Best Mortgage Interest Rate Houston Best Mortgage Interest Rate Hudson Best Mortgage Interest Rate Hudson's Hope Best Mortgage Interest Rate Invermere Best Mortgage Interest Rate Iskut Best Mortgage Interest Rate Jewel Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Kaleden Best Mortgage Interest Rate Kaslo Best Mortgage Interest Rate Keremeos Best Mortgage Interest Rate Kettle Valley Best Mortgage Interest Rate Kicking Horse Best Mortgage Interest Rate Kimberley Best Mortgage Interest Rate Kimberley Ski Resort Best Mortgage Interest Rate Kitimat Best Mortgage Interest Rate Kitwanga Best Mortgage Interest Rate Kleena Kleene Best Mortgage Interest Rate Klemtu Best Mortgage Interest Rate Knight Inlet Best Mortgage Interest Rate Knutsford Best Mortgage Interest Rate Kootenay Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Kyuquot Best Mortgage Interest Rate La Conner Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lac La Hache Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lac Le Jeune Best Mortgage Interest Rate Ladysmith Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lake Cowichan Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lake Koocanusa Best Mortgage Interest Rate Langara Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lantzville Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lasqueti Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lethbridge Best Mortgage Interest Rate Likely Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lillooet Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lindell Beach Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lions Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Little Fort Best Mortgage Interest Rate Little River Best Mortgage Interest Rate Logan Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lone Butte Best Mortgage Interest Rate Loon Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lumby Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lund Best Mortgage Interest Rate Lytton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Mackenzie Best Mortgage Interest Rate Madeira Park Best Mortgage Interest Rate Magna Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Malahat Best Mortgage Interest Rate Malakwa Best Mortgage Interest Rate Manning Park Best Mortgage Interest Rate Mara Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Masset Best Mortgage Interest Rate Matsqui Best Mortgage Interest Rate Mayne Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Mayo - Yukon Best Mortgage Interest Rate Mcbride Best Mortgage Interest Rate Mcleese Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Meadow Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Merritt Best Mortgage Interest Rate Merville Best Mortgage Interest Rate Mica Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Midway Best Mortgage Interest Rate Mill Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Minstrel Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Mitlenatch Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Moberly Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Monte Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Moricetown Best Mortgage Interest Rate Morse Bluff Best Mortgage Interest Rate Mount Currie Best Mortgage Interest Rate Mount Seymour Best Mortgage Interest Rate Mt. Washington Best Mortgage Interest Rate Muncho Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Nakusp Best Mortgage Interest Rate Nanoose Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Naramata Best Mortgage Interest Rate Nelson Best Mortgage Interest Rate Nemaiah Valley Best Mortgage Interest Rate New Aiyansh Best Mortgage Interest Rate New Denver Best Mortgage Interest Rate New Hazelton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Newcastle Best Mortgage Interest Rate Nicola Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Nimpo Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Nootka Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate North York Best Mortgage Interest Rate Ocean Falls Best Mortgage Interest Rate Okanagan Centre Best Mortgage Interest Rate Okanagan Falls Best Mortgage Interest Rate Oliver Best Mortgage Interest Rate Oosta Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Osoyoos Best Mortgage Interest Rate Oyama Best Mortgage Interest Rate Oyster Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Panorama Ski Resort Best Mortgage Interest Rate Parksville Best Mortgage Interest Rate Parson Best Mortgage Interest Rate Peachland Best Mortgage Interest Rate Pemberton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Pender Harbour Best Mortgage Interest Rate Pender Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Penticton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Piers Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Pinantan Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Pink Mountain Best Mortgage Interest Rate Pitt Meadows Best Mortgage Interest Rate Port Alberni Best Mortgage Interest Rate Port Alice Best Mortgage Interest Rate Port Edward Best Mortgage Interest Rate Port Hardy Best Mortgage Interest Rate Port McNeill Best Mortgage Interest Rate Port Renfrew Best Mortgage Interest Rate Portland Best Mortgage Interest Rate Pouce Coupe Best Mortgage Interest Rate Princeton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Proctor Best Mortgage Interest Rate Prophet River Best Mortgage Interest Rate Puntzi Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Quadra Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Qualicum Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Qualicum Beach Best Mortgage Interest Rate Quathiaski Cove Best Mortgage Interest Rate Queen Charlotte Islands Best Mortgage Interest Rate Quesnel Best Mortgage Interest Rate Quesnel Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Quilchena Best Mortgage Interest Rate Radium Hot Springs Best Mortgage Interest Rate Read Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Red Mountain Best Mortgage Interest Rate Redmond Best Mortgage Interest Rate Renton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Revelstoke Best Mortgage Interest Rate Riske Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Rivers Inlet Best Mortgage Interest Rate Roberts Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Rock Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Rogers Pass Best Mortgage Interest Rate Rosedale Best Mortgage Interest Rate Rossland Best Mortgage Interest Rate Royston Best Mortgage Interest Rate Saanichton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Salmo Best Mortgage Interest Rate Salt Spring Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sandspit Best Mortgage Interest Rate Saratoga Beach Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sardis Best Mortgage Interest Rate Saturna Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Savona Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sayward Best Mortgage Interest Rate Scotch Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Seattle Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sechelt Best Mortgage Interest Rate Seton Portage Best Mortgage Interest Rate Shawnigan Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Shearwater Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sicamous Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sidney Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sidney Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sikanni River Best Mortgage Interest Rate Silver Star Mountain Best Mortgage Interest Rate Silverton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Simoon Sound Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sirdar Best Mortgage Interest Rate Skidegate Best Mortgage Interest Rate Skookumchuck Best Mortgage Interest Rate Slocan Best Mortgage Interest Rate Slocan Park Best Mortgage Interest Rate Smithers Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sointula Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sooke Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sorrento Best Mortgage Interest Rate South Hazelton Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sparwood Best Mortgage Interest Rate Spences Bridge Best Mortgage Interest Rate Stanley Park Best Mortgage Interest Rate Stewart Best Mortgage Interest Rate Summerland Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sun Peaks Best Mortgage Interest Rate Sunshine Coast Best Mortgage Interest Rate Tahsis Best Mortgage Interest Rate Takysie Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Tappen Best Mortgage Interest Rate Tatla Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Tatlayoko Best Mortgage Interest Rate Taylor Best Mortgage Interest Rate Telegraph Cove Best Mortgage Interest Rate Telegraph Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Telkwa Best Mortgage Interest Rate Terrace Best Mortgage Interest Rate Tete Jaune Cache Best Mortgage Interest Rate Texada Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate The Hazeltons Best Mortgage Interest Rate Thetis Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Tlell Best Mortgage Interest Rate Toad River Best Mortgage Interest Rate Tofino Best Mortgage Interest Rate Trail Best Mortgage Interest Rate Tsawwassen Best Mortgage Interest Rate Tsy-l'os Park Best Mortgage Interest Rate Tumbler Ridge Best Mortgage Interest Rate Tweedsmuir Park Best Mortgage Interest Rate Ucluelet Best Mortgage Interest Rate Valemount Best Mortgage Interest Rate Vancouver Island Best Mortgage Interest Rate Vanderhoof Best Mortgage Interest Rate Vaseux Lake Best Mortgage Interest Rate Vernon Best Mortgage Interest Rate Victoria Best Mortgage Interest Rate Wardner Best Mortgage Interest Rate Wasa Best Mortgage Interest Rate Wells Best Mortgage Interest Rate West Vancouver Best Mortgage Interest Rate Westbank Best Mortgage Interest Rate Whaletown Best Mortgage Interest Rate Whistler Best Mortgage Interest Rate White Rock Best Mortgage Interest Rate Whitewater Best Mortgage Interest Rate Windermere Best Mortgage Interest Rate Winlaw Best Mortgage Interest Rate Wonowon Best Mortgage Interest Rate Woss Best Mortgage Interest Rate Wynndel Best Mortgage Interest Rate Yale Best Mortgage Interest Rate Zeballos Best Mortgage Interest Rate Abbotsford Best Mortgage Interest Rate Burnaby Best Mortgage Interest Rate Campbell River Best Mortgage Interest Rate Central Saanich Best Mortgage Interest Rate Chilliwack Best Mortgage Interest Rate Comox Best Mortgage Interest Rate Coquitlam Best Mortgage Interest Rate Courtenay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Cranbrook Best Mortgage Interest Rate Dawson Creek Best Mortgage Interest Rate Delta Best Mortgage Interest Rate Esquimalt Best Mortgage Interest Rate Fort St. John Best Mortgage Interest Rate Kamloops Best Mortgage Interest Rate Kelowna Best Mortgage Interest Rate Langford Best Mortgage Interest Rate Langley Best Mortgage Interest Rate Maple Ridge Best Mortgage Interest Rate Mission Best Mortgage Interest Rate Nanaimo Best Mortgage Interest Rate New Westminster Best Mortgage Interest Rate North Cowichan Best Mortgage Interest Rate North Saanich Best Mortgage Interest Rate North Vancouver Best Mortgage Interest Rate Oak Bay Best Mortgage Interest Rate Port Alberni Best Mortgage Interest Rate Port Coquitlam Best Mortgage Interest Rate Port Moody Best Mortgage Interest Rate Powell River Best Mortgage Interest Rate Prince George Best Mortgage Interest Rate Prince Rupert Best Mortgage Interest Rate Richmond Best Mortgage Interest Rate Saanich Best Mortgage Interest Rate Salmon Arm Best Mortgage Interest Rate Squamish Best Mortgage Interest Rate Surrey BMO Burnaby BC Calgary AB Canadian Tire Financial Services Canadian Western Bank CIBC Delta BC Duncan BC Edmonton AB Foreclosure Grande Prairie AB Halifax NS HELOC Institution Number Interest Rate Interest Rates Kamloops BC Keep Current Mortgage Kelowna BC MCAP Montreal QC Mortgage Mortgage Brokers Mortgage Fraud Mortgage Products Mortgage Rate Mortgage Refinancing Ideas President's Choice Quebec City QC RBC Red Deer AB Regina SK Renegotiating Mortgage Royal Bank Saskatoo SK Scotia Banks Second Mortgage Subprime Home Mortgages Surrey BC TD Canada Trust Toronto ON variable rate mortgage or fixed rate mortgage Victoria BC West Vancouver BC Whiterock BC Winnipeg Manitoba
<iframe title="Moms Passions - Making Love To Romantic Mom" scrolling="no" width="600" height="363" src="http://www.themovie.in/movies/embed/1659170" frameborder="0"></iframe><br /><a href="http://www.themovie.in/movies/1659170" target="_blank">Moms Passions - Making Love To Romantic Mom</a>. Provided by <a href="http://www.themovie.in" target="_blank">themovie.in</a>
Celebrating more than 36 years of leadership excellence in commercial real estate, Lee & Associates is the largest broker-owned firm in the country with 52 locations across the nation, including New York, New Jersey, Maryland, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Missouri, Kansas, Texas , Colorado, Idaho, Arizona, Nevada and California.
With 800 brokers nationwide, Lee & Associates provides a wide-range of specialized commercial real estate services on a local, regional and national level. Additional information can be found at http://www.lee-associates.com. You can also follow us on Facebook, Linkedln, and Twitter.
Montvale, NJ, August 2016 – Matt Weiss had his eye on The Reserve at Montvale for a while. The Bergen County native first noticed the new K. Hovnanian® townhome community when construction began last year. “I spent over a year looking at different condominium and townhome developments throughout Bergen County,” Weiss shared. “Ideally, I wanted new construction and a townhome setup. As a young professional with no children, I didn’t need a home with a lot of additional property to maintain. When I saw a newspaper ad indicating construction would be starting for The Reserve at Montvale, I went online to learn more. The more I read, the more I realized this might be the perfect fir for me.”
The Reserve at Montvale has been a popular choice for many young professionals like Matt Weiss. The new community offers an appealing blend of spacious, modern new townhomes with a convenient Bergen County location that’s ideal for commuters, and an idyllic setting that provides a nice sense of privacy and peacefulness. Weiss explained how those factors added up for him.
“First, was the location,” he said. “I work in Montvale, so that was a big benefit. Second, occasionally I commute to the city for business and we’re only a mile-and-a-half from a Park & Ride, which is a huge plus. I can be in the city in thirty minutes. In addition to professional considerations, it’s also a very well-situated development. The development is built in a cul-de-sac – there’s no through road, so we have very minimal traffic. It’s quiet, with a country-like atmosphere and woods behind us. I love the fact that it’s secluded – but at the same time you’re just a few minutes from getting to major destinations.”
Weiss was also impressed with the homes at The Reserve at Montvale. Buyers have a choice of four different floorplans, in two unique townhome styles: stacked and traditional two-story townhomes. The Norfolk and Yale designs feature the stacked townhome floorplans, offering up to 2,101 square feet of living space, with either three bedrooms and two-and-a-half baths, or two bedrooms and three baths. Homes also feature one-car garages, with fine features and finishes throughout. Pricing for these homes begins in the low-$500s (subject to change).
It was the Norfolk model that caught Weiss’ eye. “I looked at a lot of communities and townhome developments and this was the only model I’ve seen that has three full bathrooms in a two-bedroom setup. Typically, a two-bedroom unit has one or at most two full bathrooms. It’s a really unique offering. I also love the outside patio area, especially for entertaining guests during the spring and summer months. Plus, I like how you come into the home on the ground floor, instead of going up steps. It’s convenient for when you have groceries to bring into the house, for example.”
The traditional townhome floorplans are the Radford and Princeton II homes, which offer up to 2,378 square feet of living space, with three bedrooms, two-and-a-half baths, and two-car garages. Pricing for these homes begins from the mid-$700s (subject to change). These homes have been selling especially well and, in fact, are now in final countdown, with only a few of each remaining.
All homes feature nine-foot ceilings throughout the main level and designer kitchens with beautifully crafted cabinetry, granite surface countertops, built-in pantry closets, and GE® appliances. Elegant bathrooms include granite vanity tops, ceramic tile walls in the tub and shower area, and a double sink in the owner’s bath. The homes are impressive on the outside as well, with partial stone exteriors, attractive carriage-style, raised-panel garage doors, and charming exterior lanterns at the front and garage doors.
Ranked 12th on New Jersey Monthly’s 2015 list of the state’s “Top 100 Towns,” Montvale provides residents with a high quality of life, including top-ranked schools, outstanding recreation programs, a variety of cultural activities, and easy access to plenty of great shops and restaurants. Reserve at Montvale homeowners are located less than 10 miles from Westfield Garden State Plaza, Palisades Center, the Outlets at Bergen Center, and nearby Tices Corner Marketplace. The area is home to many beautiful parks and a variety of golf courses, as well. In addition to being close to the George Washington Bridge for an easy commute into New York City, the borough is conveniently accessible to the Garden State Parkway, NJ Turnpike, NY Thruway, Routes 304, 80, 17, 4, and the Palisades Parkway. Montvale also has its own NJ Transit® station.
As a first-time buyer, Matt Weiss was pleased with how smooth the purchase process was. “K. Hovnanian® was a pleasure to work with during the process,” he commented. “When paperwork needed to be completed, at every turn they were responsive and helped to ensure I was able to close on my home in a timely fashion.”
Weiss closed on his home at The Reserve at Montvale on May 31st and moved in early June. While he’s still busy unpacking and hanging pictures, he’s excited to settle in, meet new neighbors, and watch the community grow. “Everything has been going wonderfully for me and the pace is really picking up, with more people moving in,” he shared. “I expected it to be a very professional class of people and it is: young marrieds and young families. There are people who commute into New York City every day, as well as several like myself who work at some of the big corporations here in Bergen County. It’s a good mix of people.”
Visit The Reserve at Montvale to tour the four beautifully furnished and decorated model homes and to learn more about current opportunities at this award-winning community. For directions or more information, call 1-866-718-2997, or visit khov.com/ReserveatMontvale.
Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., founded in 1959 by Kevork S. Hovnanian, is headquartered in Red Bank, New Jersey. The Company is one of the nation’s largest homebuilders with operations in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Washington, D.C. and West Virginia. The Company’s homes are marketed and sold under the trade names K. Hovnanian® Homes, Brighton Homes® and Parkwood Builders. As the developer of K. Hovnanian’s® Four Seasons communities, the Company is also one of the nation’s largest builders of active lifestyle communities.
Additional information on Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., including a summary investment profile and the Company’s 2015 annual report, can be accessed through the “Investor Relations” section of the Hovnanian Enterprises’ website at http://www.khov.com. To be added to Hovnanian's investor e-mail list, please send an e-mail to IR@khov.com or sign up at http://www.khov.com.
Current count: 2379 samples, 118 elements, 471 minerals, 14 stories, 1711 rotatable images, 1536 smooth rotations, 78 videos, 47 sounds.
I decided to build this table by accident in early 2002, as a result of a misunderstanding while reading Uncle Tungsten by Oliver Sacks. I won't bore you with the details here (see the Complete Pictorial History of the Wooden Periodic Table Table), but once it was finished I felt obligated to start finding elements to go in it (because under the name of each element in my table there is a sample area).
Then I started building a website to document all my samples, and that's when things really got out of hand. A few months later my little table won the 2002 Ig Nobel Prize in Chemistry, clearly the highest honor for which it is eligible.
Sensing an audience, I began to take the website more seriously, which led to my being asked to write a monthly column for Popular Science magazine, which I've now been doing continuously since the July 2003 issue.
Later I formed a most satisfying partnership with Max Whitby building high-end museum displays, selling element samples and sets, and filming video demonstrations of the chemical properties of the elements.
This website now contains the largest, most complete library of stock photographs of the elements and their applications available anywhere, as well as a large and growing collection of 3D images documenting hundreds of samples rotated through 360 degrees. Try clicking on some elements in the table above: I think you'll be surprised what's lurking behind those little tiles.
And if you like the pictures, you'll love the poster! After years of photography and months of assembling images, I published a photographic periodic table poster based on my collection:
In case you're not seeing the tabletop image above, the following text links will take you to individual elements:
Berkelium, Beryllium, Bismuth, Bohrium, Boron, Bromine, Cadmium, Calcium, Californium, Carbon, Cerium, Cesium, Chlorine, Chromium, Cobalt, Copper, Curium, Darmstadtium, Dubnium, Dysprosium, Einsteinium, Erbium, Europium, Fermium, Fluorine, Francium, Gadolinium, Gallium, Germanium, Gold, Hafnium, Hassium, Helium, Holmium, Hydrogen, Indium, Iodine, Iridium, Iron, Krypton, Lanthanum, Lawrencium, Lead, Lithium, Lutetium, Magnesium, Manganese, Meitnerium, Mendelevium, Mercury, Molybdenum, Neodymium, Neon, Neptunium, Nickel, Niobium, Nitrogen, Nobelium, Osmium, Oxygen, Palladium, Phosphorus, Platinum, Plutonium, Polonium, Potassium, Praseodymium, Promethium, Protactinium, Radium, Radon, Rhenium, Rhodium, Roentgenium, Rubidium, Ruthenium, Rutherfordium, Samarium, Scandium, Seaborgium, Selenium, Silicon, Silver, Sodium, Strontium, Sulfur, Tantalum, Technetium, Tellurium, Terbium, Thallium, Thorium, Thulium, Tin, Titanium, Tungsten, Ununbium, Ununhexium, Ununoctium, Ununpentium, Ununquadium, Ununseptium, Ununtrium, Uranium, Vanadium, Xenon, Ytterbium, Yttrium, Zinc, Zirconium, Actinium, Aluminum, Americium, Antimony, Argon, Arsenic, Astatine, Barium.
boutetourte boutevile boutevill boutevillain bouteville boutey boutfield boutflour boutflower bouth boutham bouthby bouthe boutherie bouthflower bouthier bouthillette bouthillier bouthman bouthom bouthorn bouthorp bouthorpe bouthran bouthron bouthrone bouthum bouthwick bouthworth boutien boutigny boutiler boutilier boutill'r boutiller boutillier boutillier boutillier boutin bouting boutland
Your web browser may prevent the sample windows from opening; in this case please change your browser settings to allow pop-up windows from this site.
The Unclaimed Money Registry and Next-of-Kin Advertisement Office of F. H. Dougal & Co., on the Strand in London, published a comprehensive 'Index to Advertisements for Next of Kin, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c., &c., who have been Advertised for to Claim Money and Property in Great Britain and all Parts of the World; also Annuitants, Shareholders, Intestates, Testators, Missing Friends, Creditors or their Representatives, Claimants, Unclaimed and Reclaimed Dividends and Stock, Citations, Administrations, Rewards for Certificates, Wills, Advertisements, &c., Claims, Unclaimed Balances, Packages, Addresses, Parish Clerks' Notices, Foreign Intestates, &c., &c.' The original list was compiled about 1860, but from materials dating back even into the 18th century: most of the references belong to 1850 to 1880. For each entry only a name is given, sometimes with a placename added in brackets: there may be a reference number, but there is no key by which the original advertisement may be traced. The enquirer of the time had to remit £1 for a 'Full and Authentic Copy of the Original Advertisement, together with name and date of newspaper in which the same appeared'.
Research your ancestry, family history, genealogy and one-name study by direct access to original records and archives indexed by surname.
Our indexes 1000-1999 include entries for the spelling 'brakhan'. In the period you have requested, we have the following 1 record (displaying 1 to 1):
brakenhurst brakenock brakenridge brakenrig brakenthuait brakenthwayt brakenwait brakepole braker brakeridge brakerng brakes brakespear brakespeare brakespere braket brakett brakeway brakewell brakford brakhisshe brakin brakinbary brakinges brakinholme brakinrig brakke brakkel brakkele brakkelegh brakkeley brakken brakkyngbury brakl braklay brakle brakleghe braklesham brakley brakleyn
The Home Office issued monthly lists of aliens to whom Certificates of Naturalization had been granted by the Secretary of State and whose oaths of allegiance had been registered in the Home Office. These notices, from January to December 1923, refer to naturalizations from December 1922 to November 1923. The lists give full name (surname first) with any aliases; country of origin; occupation; full postal address; date of taking the oath. A dagger indicates re-admission to British nationality; an asterisk that the person had served in H.M.'s Forces.
This poster and all my others are available on Etsy. Our comic book is also available for instant digital download there as well please come and check us out.
You're allowed to use this piece for your wallpapers and ecards if you: (1) paste this page's URL when you submit them and (2) agree not to upload your new work outside theOtaku.com
Imagining America is a national consortium of colleges and universities committed to public scholarship in the arts, humanities, and design. It promotes scholarly and creative work that is jointly planned and carried out by institutions of higher learning and community partners, thereby fostering connections, based on humanities and the arts, between academic institutions and their surrounding communities. Hamilton College became a member of the consortium in 2008.
Imagining America at The Other Side offers a venue for teachers and scholars to present their work to the larger community. We seek presentations that are appropriate for a mixed audience, many of whose members have college degrees but few of whom are currently students. Talks should be scholarly but not academic, designed for a general audience eager for edification but not necessarily well versed in the subject at hand. Ideal papers will strike a balance between being rich in intellectual content and yet not presuming much background knowledge of their subject. Talks, and especially their titles, should be designed to attract a wide audience by piquing people’s interest in the topic.
Despite Theresa May's announcement that austerity is over, the reality for millions of people is quite the opposite. The Government shows no sign of stopping austerity. Every section of society is at breaking point from our underfunded NHS, schools without supplies, councils unable to provide even basic services, and millions on poverty wages unable to provide for their families. We cannot let this go on. The Tories are too divided, too shambolic, too removed from the lives of ordinary citizens to know or care what needs to be done. This government-in-name-only must go. London Launch 28 Nov - London Irish Centre, Camden. 7pm
Like I've said time and time again, my palate is more particular to American style of cooking, so it should surprise no one that Kettle has become one of my favorite restaurants. It's exciting to see that they've opened a second branch at SM Aura, and I look forward to seeing that brand continue to grow.
Much to my elation, the brilliant minds behind kettle has come up with a new concept that further expands their takes on favorite comfort food..
Due to hubby duties, I missed out on Fireside's preview dinner held a few days ago. Not to be outdone, I decided to take my family there for my birthday celebration!
Fireside by Kettle is located at the 3rd Floor of SM Mega Fashion Hall, right beside Linguini Fini. The dining area is far more spacious than Kettle's Shangri-la Mall branch (although Kettle SM Aura is pretty big). The interiors are kept simple and clean, with subtle touches giving the area more life. The open kitchen gives you a glimpse of the action happening behind the scenes. I must warn you, If you are there and you intend to have a conversation with someone, be prepared to be distracted every single time a dish comes out of the kitchen.
While waiting for the others to arrive, we started off with the Truffled Potato Chips (P199). Beautiful hand cut Potato slices are fried to a beautiful golden hue, and drizzled in a tasty Bleu Cheese sauce and minced Green Onions. The chips are supposed to be sprinkled with bits of crumbled Bleu Cheese for a more pronounced flavor of the cheese sauce, but we asked for it to be separate for fear that Rain wouldn't like the taste of it.
A very unique soup they have at Fireside is the Sweet Corn Cappuccino (P129). The rim of the cup is sprinkled with Popcorn Salt, which is why this soup doesn't come with a spoon. It is recommended that you sip your soup as you would your Cappuccino, to ensure you get that popcorn salt in your lips.
The soup had a light sweet corn flavor to go with its gentle smokiness, and is further given life by the popcorn salt.
Fireside's Sweet, Spicy & Salty Wings (3pcs P249/5pcs P409) is inspired by the "Pok Pok Wings" of Chef Andy Ricker. The deep fried rings are bathed in a glistening glaze that is speckled with bits of chili. The wings are aptly named, because it manages to take your taste sense for a ride of exactly those flavors.
You get a feel of the sweetness immediately, then the heat hits you at the back end, with the salty finish further whetting your appetite, causing you to involuntarily demand for more.
The Sweet Potato Hay is a great side, as its mild flavor perfectly tempers the assault on your taste buds.
I have an aversion to all things crab, but the mere fact that our two orders of Hot Crab and Artichoke Dip (P279) were wiped out, has got to mean something. My sister raved about the dollop of Crab Fat mixing with the bits of crab, artichoke and melted cheese. The dish is served with Nacho Chips.
My brother in Law Julio was critical of Kettle because of its price. But he had no complaints of his Steak BLT (P389). A remarkably grilled U.S. Top Blade steak is placed on top of a grilled Bacon Slab, and filled with Arugula, Tomatoes, and a bit of Aioli smeared over toasted pieces of flaky bread.
My other brother in law Randy, is quite notorious for having high standards of food. But he gave the Southern Fried Chicken Sandwich (P389) high marks. Looking like a zinger on steriods, the breaded chicken fillet was cooked to a wonderful crispiness, and made for quite an amazing sandwich filling. The Jalapeno Pickle Slaw and Chipotle Mayo played a tasty spicy-meets creamy face off.
The only comment Randy had was that, as delicious as the Coleslaw was, it its juices sunk into the bun, turning it a bit mushy after awhile. I didn't want to admit it, but we may be at fault because we took up some time when we took pictures of the dish before he ate it hehe..
My mom doesn't eat very much, but she ordered two dishes at Fireside. The first was the Smoked Mac & Cheese (P209). Nice and cream baked macaroni covered in a blanket of cheese with delicious burnt patches around it as well. The chunks of bacon adds a nice dimension of smokey savoriness, and prevents the dish from becoming too cloying.
The second dish my mom got was the Grilled Halibut (P399). The Halibut Fillet was grilled to a nice char, with the inside maintaining an immaculate white, and is perched on top of a Quinoa Veggie Salad, and drizzled with a Bacon Vinaigrette.
A dish that caught my fancy was the 50/50 Meatloaf (P389). Why would I be interested in a Meat Loaf dish, you ask? Mainly Because that is made with 50% Ground Angus Beef, and 50% GROUND BACON, that's why!! The Bacon offers a nice smokiness to go with the hearty flavor of the beef. Best eaten with the BBQ sauce and a side of Garlic Mashed Potatoes
The Slow Roasted U.S. Choice Brisket Platter (P579) was my least favorite of all the dishes I tried from Fireside. Don't get me wrong, the meat was delicious. It was tender and moist, but it was admittedly too lean for my liking.
Another standout dish for me was the Apricot Chipotle Glazed Ribs (P889). A full Slab of Baby Back Ribs is bathed in a glorious Apricot Chipotle Glaze, and slow roasted to a fall off the bone state. It was the Apricot that became the more dominant flavor, with the chipotle serving as a balance to prevent it from becoming too sweet.
After a long deliberation, I decided to order the Double Cut Porkchop (P519). The thick chop is brined in Honey Cider, and topped with minced grilled apples, with a delicious Peppercorn Mustard Cream Sauce poured over it.
It isn't easy to cook a Pork Chop this thick, but Chef Chiloy did it darn near flawlessly. Brining the chop helped ensure that the meat would still maintain a level of juiciness that made this literally mouth watering. I love how the edge had a nice thick layer of fat as well, and it had a nice caramelization around its crust.
Oh and don't laugh, but I saw on the "Sides" menu that you could order a Bacon Slab (P149).. So I ordered the Double Cut Pork Chop with a side of... Ummm.. Bacon Slab. hehe.. (What, like there's a law?)
While ordering, Rina says, "I'm not that hungry.. I just want something light.. I think I'll just have the Chicken Fingers".
Twenty minutes or so later, a large platter of food is placed in front of her, leaving us both dumbfounded.
Since Kettle became famous for it's Buttermilk Fried Chicken, it would have been blasphemous if Fireside did not offer a similar dish. Which is why Chef Chiloy added the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Fingers (P489) to the menu. Juicy Strips of Chicken are brined for 24 Hours, and dusted in a Cajun Ritz Breading, before being deep fried to golden perfection, and like it's Kettle Counterpart, it is served with Homestyle Gravy and Honey.
One of the best things about Fireside - not jus this particular dish, mind you - are the Cornbread Donuts, that comes with the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Fingers, which is the counterpart of Kettle's Corn Bread.
I've noticed that the feedback of Kettle's Corn Bread has been mixed. Either you love it, or you hate it. Personally I love it, while Rina would prefer to eschew it and eat, nay DEVOUR the chicken with a cup of rice instead. The Cornbread Donuts will undoubtedly eliminate any division between diners, giving you a problem of not having enough donuts to share when you order the Chicken Fingers.
If you've always thought that Fireside's Chicken Fingers are more of a kiddie, than you are right.. if you're feeding the kids of SHREK that is.
I was really surprised when - even before we ordered dessert - the service staff of Fireside suddenly burst out into song, singing Happy Birthday to me, and presented me their version of a Birthday Cake, made with Fireside's Homemade Donuts (P239)
I believe this is off the menu, and something that was specially prepared for me by Chef Chiloy, as it was drizzled with salted caramel and sprinkled with strips of.. wait for it... BACON.
You may dress your own donuts with three different types of flavors.. Chocolate, Salted Caramel and Raspberry!
There were so many other desserts we wanted to try but we were too ridiculously full that we focused on these amazing donuts!
My dad is currently out of town, and my brother was.. Umm.. in the bathroom when this picture was taken, but aside from their absence in this picture, I couldn't have asked for a better birthday Celebration!
Thank you Chef Chiloy for your the wings and the Cake! Congratulations to you and your partners for Fireside.. You've definitely got another hit on your hands!
Wohooooooooooo!!!!! it seems to me that some of the dishes are really drool worthy sir richie!!! super duper YUMMYYYYY Can't wait to have a go ... Once I get my bearing and have a decent food partner willing to eat a lot with me !!!! Awesome post sir and let me just say you have a lovely family!!!! again HBD!!! Wohoooo!
O.M.G. !!! I have a special mention -WITH PICTURE TO BOOT, in my favorite blog! My year is definitely made! <3 <3 <3
Richie, I will say it time & again, you never fail to bring so much fun & laughter to the lives of all your fans. And you know I'm your #1 right? Ok maybe #3 -right after Rina & Rain! ;))
I loved you when I didn't know you (remember my squeal of delight when I first met you???), and I love you even more now that I've gotten to know you. You bring with you such a breath of fresh air. And I'm just so happy that I have social-climbed my way to your heart hahaha!
Lovely photos you got there Richie! :) So happy that you had a great birthday! You truly deserve the best!
its a (double) date!! make that triple or quadruple pa :) time to round up our favorite gang!! we miss u guys too! :)
Tawang-tawa ko sa "with a side of bacon slab". Hahaha. The place looks good, definitely trying this! :)
A brief overview of Castile's most famous Queen. Was she the good hearted founder of the Spanish nation or the cruel instigator of the Spanish Inquisition and the genocide in the Americas?
A brief overview of Belgium's most notorious ruler. Was he a killer of millions of Africans or the monarch who made Belgium relevant in the colonial competition of the European nations during the 19th century?
In 1968, a Stanford biology professor predicted population growth would outstrip food production. Nations would disappear and 100's of millions of people would die from starvation. It didn't happen that way. Are we finally out of the woods?
Did tens of thousands of children leave their homes in 13th century western Europe to take up the banner of the cross and fight to secure the Holy Land or is it all just a bunch of hooey?
The P.O.D. is a study in human behavior—human behavior on a grand scale. In this podcast I will explore moments of monumental, epic failure. I will look at how people behave in life-threatening situations and times of complete, utter despair and hopelessness—the good decisions, the bad decisions, the lack of proper planning, the moments of enormous hubris, acts of sensational heroism and some classic instances of incredible misfortune. This is a podcast about mistakes. The Podcast of Doom will be about some of the biggest mistakes ever made and the horrendous consequences that followed. As you can imagine from the title, this podcast will be about decisions that went terribly, irretrievably awry. The central characters in each episode will meet painful, tortuous, untimely demises. This is a podcast about bad things happening to good people and bad things happening to bad people.
Product prices and availability are accurate as of 2018-11-12 18:48:04 UTC and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on http://www.amazon.com/ at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
CERTAIN CONTENT THAT APPEARS ON THIS SITE COMES FROM AMAZON SERVICES LLC. THIS CONTENT IS PROVIDED 'AS IS' AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR REMOVAL AT ANY TIME.
For this price, the Granite Ware Canning Kits is widely respected and is always a popular choice with lots of people. Granite Ware have included some great touches and this means good value.
Includes Funnel, Tongs, Magnetic Lid Lifter, Jar Lifter, Jar Wrench, 9 Inch Colander and 21 Quart Canner Economical and nutritional way to preserve foods High efficiency, quick boiling Holds 7 one quart jars Enamel on steel construction
Pureform Real Estate Web Design and Branding- Web Process and Information- Florida Realtor Website Design.
Discover your goals, budget and design or functionality ideas through a quick phone call then create and a proposed project summary to fit your needs.
Complete production and launch site. Complete any tweaks and edits and provide training and support.
The cost of each website depends on exactly what functionality the site will employ. The benefit of being a small company is having the flexibility to cater to your budget. Keep in mind that unlike some of our competitors, you the client maintain ownership of your site.
When it comes to a timeframe, each project tends to dictate it's own completion day. In most cases though, a site is usually finished within 2-6 weeks from the time we receive any necessary materials and content from you. If you need your website yesterday, expedited service can be arranged and most minor edits can be done within one business day.
At Pureform, we love creating websites and brands for REALTORS® and new companies alike and understand that time and money are limited when first starting out in the world of commerce.
I need a website but have very little knowledge of the web and technology. I likely will need help with all aspects of the site from choosing a domain name to making changes to the site.
I am looking forward to being hands-on and updating the site myself. I plan to periodically make changes or post new content to my website.
No matter which group if any you fall in, we will give you options regarding your website and help choose the solution that is right for you. In addition to a great website, you will have help and support from start to finish and may even learn a thing or two along the way.
At Carpet One Floor & Home, if you aren't 100% happy with your new floor, we'll replace it for FREE. That's what we call The Beautiful Guarantee®.
This is a really inspiring image to me, not because I would want to wear the exact same thing – but it makes me think of how I would do it slightly differently and with the clothes I already have in my closet.
I have a navy cashmere single-breasted jacket, similarly worn jeans and brown slip-on loafers – I already own these elements, I just haven’t put them together quite this way.
It sounds so simple, but when you have a busy life you often just grab the looks that you already know work for you. Little visual reminders like this help me to mentally reorganize my closet.
This is indeed a good look. I picked up a pair of Bally suede slippers like the ones you show here, and I have paired them with jeans before. It is a bit of a precious look- not one to go slumming, but it is a good combination, especially when you want to dress up your jeans. I remain skeptical of the DB jacket, but it works on this guy as he appears to be slim. Love the tote, have to start saving for the Hermes one! Jorge from W Palm Beach
He has rolled his jeans perfectly – I mean perfectly. Length, cuff size, the leg of the pant is ideal, etc. I really like this look, I think he carries it off well. If his hair was less styled, it would make the entire presentation a little sexier.
What a great unexpected shot. This gentleman must be a character- probably even more interesting than his outfit. I think the jeans had to be this outrageously worn (and repaired- that matters to the look, as well)to work this perfectly. Like you I’d have to interpret the inspiration rather than copy the look. No velvet slippers, for example. Like the rolled cuffs, particularly the sleeves.
It helps that the man wearing this look has a mature, but not old, sense of refinement. Interesting that the person on the left also wears his jeans cuffed up.
You are so correct — that is the perfect shape double breasted blazer. So often, you see the buttoning placed too narrow or the jacket cut too short.
Sorry, but to me this has a “just fled a house fire” look — beautiful jacket, tattered jeans, slippers, no socks, as though all were grabbed in haste. Nope, not working together at all. With nice, deep indigo jeans, not rolled up, and leather loafers, maybe.
The hair is pitch-perfect. Love it. But the jeans are a little too Abercrombie and Fitch.. I’d like a little more subtlety in the fray.
The slipper is nice too. Undecided on the detail though. It’s a skull? More Rugby than Polo, for sure.
First of all I cannot stand skulls anymore, and then the jeans don’t look like they’ve been worn for years but much more like he just bought them yestersay looking like this. To me it doesn’t look effortless at all but rather “nouveau-riche”.
One of my friends perfectly coined this “closet shopping” and I love your pix for just this purpose. also love this photo as a women’s look.
I don’t like this agressively wealthy but casual anyway style. It’s a caricature, like if some RL advert had came (come ?) to life.
I love this outfit. This looks like what I'd want to wear to an auction at Sotheby's, after a great Sunday brunch at Cipriani's or Fred's. Those slippers look like Stubbs & Wooten.
I do think there is fine line between fabolousity and trying too hard — but this one really goes over — sorry, though, of course, I appreciate the effort — but it just appearas too perfect and studied and styled and thought out — I mean, EVERYTHING is done just so — the pocket square, the upturned sleeve, the rolled up cuff, the clean white white tote –and the hair do — very “don’t touch the hair,”. I agree about the comment about the skulls — they were cool only when they first came out a couple of years — and only then for a couple of months. And I do have to say — the preppie motif — while a classic style (though I think rather too 20th century) — appears to age one unnessarily — he actually appears in his 50′s at first glance.
As for the jeans pictured here, well, not so much . . . but i do like the idea of pairing a DB with pairing respectable jeans (I know, i am hopelessly fuddy duddy…but i never took a cotton to ripped and stained jeans) And I like socks too.
To the gentleman pictured here: Bravo for the proof-of-concept. Also, extra points awarded for the rolled up cuffs — panache personified!
I love the torn jeans look alot. I think when you give them a little roll and wear a nice pear of sandels you have a great look for the beach or walking through a nice little town on the coast.
I have been doing the same thing with the pictures on your site since I found it! You, and the people you shoot, brought me out of a total rut and back into my confidence. I love this site, my friend Rachel and I come here often. Thank you and keep up the fabulous work!
The guy in the trench coat is saying to himself “damn, He looks better with the cuff jeans, then I do :( ” I think the look is cool. The small touches- the pocket square, the tote and the slippers make the look different and that’s why he pulls it off.
Love the point about having little visual reminders to “mentally reorganize” your closet. I find that this blog does that. If a look posted resonates with me I try to see what I have to replicate it.
As for this look I have been imaging the same but a female version. I’ve got loads of wonderful blazers and jackets that I’m beginning to look forward to wearing now that nights are chilly. I’ll do flats but also something with a heel. Jeans will be the real deal patched up LEVI’s that got for $1 at a yard sale.
I like your comment, Sart. What i like best about this gentleman’s ensemble is his pink gingham shirt – or at least i think it’s pink gingham, i hope so! As for re-organising one’s closet, I am in England temporarily and my fall clothes are in lower manhattan. I’ve been in the attic going through things i wore 10 or more years ago to see what i can make work for me now. It’s been an interesting exercise and saved me some money too…
Technically this man should know exactly what he is doing since he’s the SVP of Men’s Design at Polo. The look is successful enough, but the jeans are a little too tattersol for my taste – he could’ve protrayed this message in a less aggressive way. And I’ve always detested those funny velvet (although, if they are from the Rugby line, they’ll be cotton velveteen) slippers. I like the blazer and shirt though…and this guy is a funny character overall personality wise…
I too am in the same boat as anne – surprised at my disappointment at this shot, as I’m normally in full agreement with you on style – perhaps because you can make even quite uncanny outfits seem beautiful in their own way.
But this ensemble is beyond rescue – it looks overdone and underdone at the same time and has a tasteless pretentiousness about it that just makes me cringe. The double-breasted jacket with gold buttons and pocket kerchief is much too formal, whereas the loafers look like house-shoes. The jeans do indeed seem to have been bought just yesterday. To top it all off the little over-groomed details – the slightly upturned jacket-cuffs, the slicked back hair – betray an all too deliberate casualness, a stiff attempt at frivolity.
anne @ 10:31 AM: “the jeans don’t look like they’ve been worn for years but much more like he just bought them yesterday looking like this. To me it doesn’t look effortless at all but rather “nouveau-riche”.”
That says it all. The proportions of the jeans look great, but the inauthentic feel to the wear pattern irritates me.
Sorry, it just doesn’t work. This is a really bad look. I think there are better was to dress-down a double-breasted blazer without going as far as to wear some ratty distressed jeans.
Trying to mix the clothes you already have in a diferent way is a very good exercise… However, I live in such a hurry that I usually wear them always the same… This guy must have choosen this look after a rainy day at home, pacticing the hi-lo exercise.. worn jeans + double breasted jacket + loafers ( to add a little fun..).
I'm liking these comments so far. The jeans are definitely a little A & F, and skulls are too Hot Topic. I'd be really into this with leather loafers and slightly cleaner jeans.
Yea sraight out of a Raugh Lauren catalogue. I do like it though. Not many people can pull it off, and if he can do it, why not?
This is so completely contrived. I don’t care who he is, or what he does for a living…he’s going to look at this in a couple of years time and say “WHAT was I thinking?!”
Overall, this look comes across as a bit too affected for my taste. If it were paired with the proper denim, however, I feel as though my opinion would change drastically.
This is a suave look, for sure. I get a little tripped up over the slippers, as well…it cracks me up that there is a skull on a velvet slipper.
sart, you are dead on with your comment. lately i’ve been in the same state of mind. i have so many clothes over years and years that lately when i see something i like, i realize that purchasing it would be redundant. so what i’ve started doing is wearing the pieces that i have differently. here in dc, it’s been getting cool but still good for shorts, so i’ve been breaking out the cardigan and pairing them with shorts and loafers and things like that.
This is why I love your site – looking for inspiration in the combinations as you have noted: “Little visual reminders “.
My favorite part of this look? The skull and crossbones on his velvet loafers. It’s an unexpected and well-placed bit of paradox.
I am glad when you re-post here, cause we cant zoom in on the close ups at style.com -it tortures me when your best shots show up there and I cant access the details!!
Everything’s fine, til we get down to the hem of the blazer. Then come the torn jeans flared and rolled up, the bare ankles over the pirate motif bedroom slippers, the spiffy tote bag… Sorry, but–yish! It’s not the concept of blazer with jeans and loafers: it’s just that the pieces on bottom side are so ugly! The only redeeming value is what you point out, a nudge to refresh an old wardrobe.
Personally I am not a big fan of worn jeans, but the upper part of the attire is all very well done, particularly the sleeves. The handbag is also praiseworthy.
i will never understand the desire for buying brand new denim that look terribly inauthentic and “old”. there is something to be said for things that are worn, and mostly it comes form being, well, worn.
Scott — did my earlier comments “not make the grade”? Anyways, had another thought — he’s channelling Bill Blass!
I love the look, minus the overdone jeans. I will certainly wear a version of this, but it is unfortunate that at my age (23) I will have to endure endless odd glances and snickering when going out in public – you get that even with a bold pocket square or seersucker in this town. Would that my city took fashion a bit more seriously, and denounced the frat boy uniform that so many people my age have adopted. I’m doing my part…
Good Lord, Sart, you’re really trying to get on my good side with this delicious photo, aren’t you? I love everything here: the DB blazer, checked shirt, skull-and-crossbone slippers, pocket square. To me, the best thing about the pic is the hair. The hair on these gents is superb. Okay, their sideburns are a tad bit long. But aside from that, they are to die for. Magnificent.
Call me old fashion, but I’ve never been a fan of worn jeans, especially on myself. But I must say he pulls them off very well. At first glance I thought he was going for the pirate look, then I looked closer and saw his slippers and then I knew it was the pirate look.
I don’t understand, Sart… I normally agree fully with anything you say, or at least I understand where you’re coming from, but I think this looks utterly ridiculous.
Let’s start at the feet- the shoes look like children’s slippers. The skull is silly looking. I may understand a little better if it was a crest, but that isn’t even Alexander McQueen looking… it’s Bloomingdales kids pyjamas, for ten year olds wanting a bit of Jack Sparrow in their neightwear.
On top of that, so much bare ankle and foot from the low front of the shoe and the rolled up jeans makes it look unfinished, as though he has slipped on the shoes in the dark to leave the house in haste.
The jeans just seem too blue and too contrived. They do not look like real worn denim, they look light purchased yesturday ‘distressed look’ denim, and I do not believe that the jeans go with the jacket- their wash and wear is simply too casual for the formality of the jacket. Perhaps slim fit indigo jeans may be more acceptable, or a similarly more formal denim, but this casualness with the formality is a juxtaposition so awkward and contrived looking that i’m just cringing at the sight!
That’s what your blog does for me. Every photo reminds me to put together things that I would never have thought of. Thank you.
Well, that is just about exactly my definition of exquisite. Bravo to you both (subject and photographer).
I’ve got quite a few Polo/Black Label jackets. There’s something rather comforting about wearing double breasted jackets, or more military inspired looks.
Funny how I couldn’t really imagine my husband wearing this look, but I am personally trying to figure out how I can create a similar look for my self. I think I would do a pair of MaryJane shoes, darker jeans and that perfect big Cole Haan chocolate brown bag I am praying for and lastly a 1930-40 hair style.
Those Purple Label slippers cost an arm and a leg (retail is over $1k after tax). Seems a lot of people don’t get the look at all, but I think it’s very cool. It absolutely captures the essense of RL PL as a brand. I was wondering if there’s a particular name for the look?
I love it, I think he is trying to be a little contrived, and he’s pulling it all off. I find it a little humorous, perhaps that’s the angle? I love the skull on his loafers. I want to see what the guy he is speaking to is wearing too.
And thanks Sart, your right, sometimes it just takes a slightly different perspective on your own wardrobe to freshen up the way you wear it.
As a long time East Coast transplant to SoCal I have to say Bravo! Bravo Sartorialist! This is a perfect look for the preppy in all of us out here on the left coast – I will be doing my take on this look next week.
The trousers should be a lot less ragged, and worn a little less rolled up. The jacket and shirt are just perfect!!!
The bag should be as tattered as the factory distressed jeans. It looks as if he’s trying to pull off an American East meets West look. Real 501s or navy dungarees might have worked better here. Heck, he should’ve rolled the pants almost up to his knees!
and am I the only one who doesn’t like the double breasted jacket with jeans? Just because someone is a fashion rule breaker, doesn’t make them a fashion innovator…
Great look but…he reminds me of a poor man's Randy Federgreen. Randy is the best drest man to ever work for Ralph Lauren. Hands Down. He now works for Bamford & Sons.
The slippers Rock!! Very rebellious with the skull & bones. If I had to bet they are Purple Label. He looks good. But let's talk about the guy in the trench. I'm guessing he has a great pair of engineer boots on with those selvege denim. He looks almost just as cool.
Sorry, Sartorialist, can’t agree with you on this style. This look seems to be unnatural and snobish. The DB jacket fits very well tough.
Seeing how I know very little about mens clothes, feel free to disregard my comment. However, I find the patches on already far too treated jeans especially distracting paired with that exquisite jacket. Despite that, it’s still an inspiring look.
To be quite honest, what speaks to me the most in this post is the last paragraph you typed. “It sounds so simple…mentally reorganize my closet.” Well said!
But when I saw this picture, it makes me think of the selection I have left after putting off doing my laundry. I just have odd pieces that people wouldn’t normally wear together but I wear anyway because…well, it’s either that or go starkers!
The DB jacket, well, I really don’t lik eit very much on the worn jeans, I’d prefere a OB jacket, in dark grey!
I've said this before but it bears repeating… This blog is the best place to find ways to recycle one's wardrobe
I like the idea of tattered jeans with a blazer (Dolce & Gabbana have been doing it for years), but this guy's jeans too frayed
Seems so very contrived. One of the pleasures of most of your photographs is that although I know thought has gone into them, they seem artless and casual. As if the subject has more on his/her mind than wowing me with his good taste. Not so here.
And again, no older women? During Fashion Week in NYC: no women over 30 dressed with panache and style?
Just because i would not have made all the same choices that this gentleman did, I would look for the positive inspiration – not spend my time trying to make him seem wrong for his choices.
I have said it before, we don’t have to agree on the images here but I think it is out of line to make people seem wrong for being themselves – that makes me cringe.
I love his look from the waist up. The jacket is lovely. The pocket square works wonderfully with the color of the shirt. His hair looks sharp. The rolled cuffs on his jacket and shirt show some individual style and that is great.
But, the jeans are a mistake with this outfit. The other guys around him are all dressed for business. The tattered jeans just don’t work in this setting, nor do they work with the formality of the navy blazer and pocket square.
The velvet slippers are whimsical. I think that the slippers would work if the pants were more traditional.
Great look, last seen by me on 16 year old Italian, minus the slippers sheltering from a late summer storm in Cortona. He had Clark’s chocolate desert boot on.
The rolled cuff, and over sized watch isn’t unusual in Italy. If you live in a tiny apartment, and spend most of your salary on bespoke, (unlike the English) you want more than your tailor and bank manager to know about!
Good see velvet slippers getting another airing… a true vestage of 80′s London jazz dancers (Tricker’s of course).
He probably spent so long getting this contrived outfit together that I don’t think there’s anything “natural” left.
As he’s in the business and WANTS to be seen and commented on, it’s not like you have to defend him as if you’d just run into him at the cornerstore. He would probably welcome the debate.
i think that such mixing is the most interesting and valuable. they are prooving that we are not just fashionmachines… but personalities…
Scott, it sounds as if you took the negative comments on this photo a tad too personally — why the cringing? — it’s just someone’s fashion/style opinion on a single outfit — nothing more or less than that — not some personal evaluation of his character or goodness. It’s really about the fashion/style choices he made that morning as he was putting the look together — some people liked those choices, others didn’t. But I hope you continue to allow those who happen to differ from YOUR fashion/style choices to comment on your wonderful blog…
i agree with a few others in being against buying torn jeans.. the flipped-up sleeves look fantastic.. and i really want some suede loafers!
what about the rolled jeans look? i’ve been doing it with some jeans that i bought overly-long for a certain look when theyre not rolled, but now to cuff them two or three times they are still touching my shoes and i feel like a pirate.
I usually agree with Mr. Sartorialist but this is one of the most ridiculous looks I’ve ever seen. Torn jeans with ultra nice jacket and pocket square and – get this – velvet slippers? Give me a break. Such a look only makes sense if one is trying to show one has put attention into what one wears, like at a costume party or something.
A man like this, obviously in the biz, anticipating reaction, comments, whatever, does not need your defence.
SART, Not sure you will post this as I have noticed quite a heavy handed censorship when there is disagreement. I would hope this excellent blog does not risk being a new agey ultra positive site and stay the course with sartorial discourse. Sparing someones feelings should not be an option. That being said… This outfit…Yuck. I use this word as my previous post never made it so I will go down a couple rungs.
We understand that you’re partial to this look. That’s one of the reasons I didn’t comment, though I felt the urge to. It seemed unnecessarily hurtful to express my own response to a look you championed as perhaps your favorite look of the season.
Not that you or the look needs protection, but it just seemed an unnecessary step. I’ve learned the cost of glib negativity, here, and to myself.
I commented negatively once about an outfit I disliked (I was Hungry Eye, and it was a post of a man dressed in a black blazer and black jeans) and you came on and reprimanded me for it: “Do you have no sense of texture?”, etc…)
I felt horrible all day (I was chewed out by The Sartorialist!) and I realized I’d been unnecessarily cruel about a real human being, projecting and venting maybe some of my own issues on this man in the no-repurcussions zone of the blogosphere.
Others obviously felt no such delicacy here. But the fact that you came on to chastise them disturbs me. Do you only do that when you identify personally with a look on a man?
Nobody has said anything bad about the man himself here. You didn’t step in to defend the guy in fishnets recently, though commenters to that post went much further in attacking that man’s actual character, sanity, and body shape.
Maybe you should lay some ground rules, like: we’re not allowed to get too specific about what we like and don’t like about a particular look if it’s a look The Sartorialist is particularly fond of or identifies himself with.
Or maybe stop posting comments altogether that do anything other than take each look for its “positive inspiration”.
That way, we’ll have to work harder, be more imaginative, and the comments section will be less a collection of easy personal prejudices and more of a fun game.
The slippers look to houseslipperlike. And I’m not a fan of skulls at all. But I think he did a fantastic job combining two extremes. The jeans I wouldn’t have rolled up because it makes him look smaller. If he would’ve worn a more classic pant he would’ve looked like an old fuddy duddy, but he balances the jeans greatly by combing his hair to perfection! Overall a great looking guy!
It’s a fine line between criticizing people for being themselves and criticizing fashion. I’m with you on respecting people for being themselves, though I had serious problems with this outfit, which collided with my satirical sense of humor.
I despise truisms like: older women should not have long hair, men shouldn’t push up their jacket sleeves, fancy jackets don’t go with jeans, etc. And if someone dares to dress imaginatively, sometimes they’ll fail aesthetically and even look foolish, at least in some eyes, but it’s fun and inspiring and admirable anyway.
hey man it’s all about style and if you don’t have it you don’t have it. that’s all there is to it. i see people with great clothes but they just don’t seem to know how to put it together so it doesn’t matter what label or how much money they spent on their wardrobe they still can not achieve that look. now the people with style even though the clothes they have on are just plain ugly because they are part of the equation the outfit looks amazing. it has to do with ” je ne sais quoi”. this guy with the double breasted jacket has it and even if put he puts on sweat suit he still looks good.
The thing is, Sart, he’s not “being himself”…he’s totally drunk the RL Kool Aid. Honestly, he’s wearing Mr. Lauren’s idea of what to wear for what–sailing to the opera, and maybe stopping off for a little gardening…would he be wearing that get up if he were a VP of Gucci or Zegna?
Maybe this isn’t all sunshine and rainbows, but I’ll say it anyway. Are Manhattan’s elite so divorced from the reality of breaking in clothes that they need to buy things that are fake-distressed? Rhetorical question.
I have jeans with holes and patches that came from my clumsiness and I have the matching scars on my knees, legs, etc. to prove it! And I’ve worn them enough so they fit me well and conform to my body.
That being said, if there was less of a contrast between the blazer and the jeans, I think the outfit would work better. If the blazer were less formal, the outfit would be more streamlined. Or, if the jeans were not tattered, the blazer would look less severe.
This gentleman dresses like this every single day, even in the winter! He is the VP of men’s conceptual design at Ralph Lauren. I should hope he knows what he’s doing ;)
You people all need to get a life and stop waisting it commenting on other’s manner of dress. It must be pretty easy for you all to disparage these people annonomously. Wouldn’t you love to know what people think of your fashion sense on a day to day basis and have your personal style scrutinized. How fun! How human!
Yeah I’ve been cutting about Glasgow like this myself for the whole summer…it’s an ambitious look for Scotland! Like others here I’ve worked the look up from existing pieces in my wardobe. I’m not sure about the slippers.
I have said before that you dont have to agree with the choices but you have to be respectful of how you write those feelings. There are plenty of negative comments written in most of the posts but they are usually written with some amount of respect. This is not a place to make people wrong for their choices.
this particular post had lots of comments on what people THOUGHT this gentleman might be like – just look at “aitch” post, lots of speculation about this person that “aitch ” could never possibly know.
Moderating comments is not an exact science. If you want a “guideline” how about – if you wouldn’t say it to their face then don’t say it here.
Thanks for your comments on commenting and moderating. I’ve had comments censored by you and was never upset by it, in fact I often figured out why the comment “didn’t make it” and ended up being grateful to you for not posting it. “If you wouldn’t say it to their face…” is excellent advice and easy to remember.
Well gang… I work for the guy in the picture and although his is not my style of dress – I must admit he has a splendid aesthetic and actually does live the lifestyle he represents with his clothing ( not to mention he really is a terrific guy to work for).
The nature of being avant garde is to please and delight those who are cutting edge while distressing or confusing those who are less enlightened. I will play my part by admitting to being distressed and confused by the combination of this flashy double breasted jacket with distressed jeans. I love the jacket and especially the pocket square but I hate them with the jeans.
In the right circumstances the distressed jeans may have a certain sex appeal. It suggests a artist, gardener, or other creative person — caught in the act of the physical creation. But together with the jacket, the look is too contrived for my taste.
As to the slippers, I want to like the skull and crossbones. The skull and crossbones represent freedom, danger, and nonconformity. It is also a reminder that we are all mortal. I have several items with skulls or skeletons that I like to wear (including an old pocket square by Ralph Lauren). Still, it is now done so much as to have become a cliché, somewhat akin to yellow smiley faces.
The fashion patches and tears in the jeans are very nice finding real vintage jeans like these would be very cool but also much harder to aquire its all about the early 1900s; the faternal skull image and the gussets in his shirt that he should have. Great!
Dear Mr. Sart: I am greatly heartened to see you are including all the comments on the jeans; now I can let my negative comments go.
Not so crazy about the loafers. But the rest of the looks is okay. Am wondering what elements could have been tweaked a bit to make it look like it wasn’t trying so hard. Not sure. Maybe if he had messy surfer hair and had paired with a pair of tattered vans –I’d of been charmed.
it would be inetresting for you sart to make all commentors post a picture of themselves of what they are wearing and open to comment from others then we would see how little those negative comments would become.
While eveything in this ensamble may not be to my stylistic liking, it takes great courage to be dressed like this in NYC, in London not, for there is that individualistic thing that one finds only here.As SVP at RL this man represents the brand he works for 1000%.The aspriational WASP,as newly poor.Im sure it is look that will catch on with Lehman brothers and AIG ex employees.How of our times this shot is when times are bad stick to the classics.
I really really like this look overall, except I’m really not a fan of the distressed jeans. Especially when they haven’t been distressed over time by the owner. You can really tell the difference!
Personally, an amazingly hard working, talented man…he truly understands the overall look for everyday… always pressed and perfect…. his everyday look changes as his mood does… JWR… a REAL talent. HE ALWAYS GETS IT! A TRUE DIAMOND!
Hi. Love your site. Your photography is done with the “special” eye. And you get the looks. All are fair, and none to be disparaged.
I was surprised by your comments on the look, however. This is quite an old look, in prep school circles. I wear DB Burberry Navy with 501′s all the time, and pair them with cordovan Aldens, or fabric or corded suede loafers. I especially like cordovan Monk Straps from Alden. Seems natural.
The boy needs to lose the overdone jeans. Jeans are appropriate, so long as they are appropriate. This is like the Santa Fe Aston Martin covered with good New Mexico mud, for effect…. melodrama.
I like the contrast of country club formality pitted against the tattered jeans- it may feel contrived to some, but at the same time, it also feels very real to me. Looking at it through the lens of a "Ralph Lauren" look, it's a great blend of Double RL workwear and the classic Gatsby/collegiate WASP look of Polo. I did a similar look (independently of seeing this picture) with a tailored tweed jacket and vintage WWII chinos that have actually been worn-out at the knees and have real paint splatters. I don't know if that makes it any more authentic…it's not like I fought in WWII. But I was on my knees painting.
For many on here, it seems like there's a cultural reference confusion. Clearly, A&F torn jeans and pirate movies are too fresh in our collective memories to look at this as something inspirational or dare I say it, rebellious?
And I would have to agree that some people commenting should use some manners when they have strong feelings about a certain look…something that anonymity on the internet has made people forget. These are real people, and a lot of the people that have been featured on this blog are also avid followers of it.
I like that the sentiments voiced here are unbiased and real opinions, but at the same time, would you repeat the same sentiments in the same way to that person to their face in real life?
the jeans are a *little* too worn… a bit less worn and it could be ok.. otherwise it looks too mismatched… beggar and millionaire together
this guy is one of the consistently best dressed people at 650 Madison. he is one of the key creatives at Polo and really brings it on everyday in terms of the style quotient – personally and in his job. what is striking is that the depth of knowledge in terms of classical menswear is so deep and nuanced that when he plays with the references, it looks so fresh, impeccable and “right”. Ralph has a small army of creatives like him who all put their unique stamp on Polo. its what keeps the brand so relevant.
who are those slippers by?? i’ve seen those on a very stylish lady in London (she was wearing them with white opaque tights and a kilt printed red dress, it looked very cool!!) not too long ago and it immediately added something to the outfit and the persona… but you have to know how to pull them off!
When I get married I want my husband to look exactly. like. this. A nice meeting point between Brooks Brothers and L.L. Bean. Perhaps the true prep didn’t die with the 80s. It also looks like he is wearing Stubbs and Wootton slippers, one of my longest lasting fashion obsessions. Even if you don’t summer in Nantucket doesn’t mean you can’t dress like you do… -Camille
worked with this guy at RL years ago … in retrospect, he reminds me of Mitt Romney campaigning on the “style” platform.
I have to disagree. The jeans are distressed in too false a manner giving a tries too hard look, and they don’t have a selvedge. If you have a turn up on denim, you better have a selvedge!
Copyright © 2005 - 2018 The Sartorialist . All rights reserved. Do not use or reproduce without permission.
1) Mix all the ingredients required for pakora except water. Once done, add 1/2 cup of water and make a batter of medium consistency.
2) Meanwhile heat oil. Drop a small ball of pakora batter and see if it rises up immediately. If it rises up, hang on that's the right temperature.
4) Fry until golden brown and crisp. Do not keep the flame high. You may end up getting not cooked pakoras.
5) Meanwhile, whisk curd until smooth, add salt, chilly powder, turmeric powder and besan. Make a smooth paste. Now add water and combine all the ingredients.
2) Switch off once nice aroma wafts when you boil the besan curd mixture. The more you boil, this mixture will thicken. Leave it at pouring consistency.
@ Aathidhyam @Aathidhyam Andhra recipes Awards Bachelor Special Baking Basic Cooking Beverages Bread bites Break fast Cakes Celebrations Chinese Chocolate Cookies Curries Dabba-Lunch Box Dal Desserts Dips or Bread Spreads Doodle Dosa Camp Easy To Make Eggless Baking Events Festive Menu Giveaways Guest Post Healthy Living Indian Breads Journey Lunch Menu North Indian One pot meals Paneer Recipes Refreshing chillers regional cuisines Reviews Rice varieties Round ups Salads side dishes Slurps Snack Snacks South Indian Spicy Podis N Chutneys Starters Sweet Treats Tangy delights Yin Yang
A childhood friend of mine, Sally, has been creating beautiful gifts for years and just recently started a blog featuring them. Super cute design, great quality and really good prices. Check it out here.
And, for those of you shopping already for my Christmas gift, I'll take one of these darling aprons.
As soon as I can, I will be ordering Jack and Lainey each an apron for their new toddler kitchen. These are a steal at $15!!! Perhaps we can remove the ribbon detail for Jack's to please Blake.
Warning: Illegal string offset 'width' in /homepages/10/d612141076/htdocs/studiojune/wp/wp-content/themes/twentytwelve/image.php on line 34
© Copyright the Underfloor Heating Store Ltd 2014. The Underfloor Heating Store Ltd registered office Lodge Way House, Lodge Way, Harlestone Road, Northampton, NN5 7UG Company registration number 05687171. VAT no 877635667
Экономка - Описание разработчика: "Программу «Экономка» можно использовать для ведения домашней бухгалтерии в масштабах всей семьи.
emmy-rossum.com is a non-profit fansite for entertainment purposes only. All content posted on this site is used under the Fair Use Copyright Law 107. All photos are copyright to their respective owners. No copyright infringement is ever intended. If you see something you think belongs to you and would like it removed please contact us. All graphics & original content belongs to us. We are in no way affiliated with Emmy.
Welcome to the Arctic Sea Basin CheckpointThe objective of this project is to examine the current status of Arctic data and analyse how they can be optimized by using the data in challenges. Click on the challenges below to read more.
Improving the efficiency and effectiveness of instruction with progress monitoring and formative evaluation in the outcomes driven model, Prof. Roland Good - Edmond J. Safra Brain Research Center for the Study of Learning Disabilities
Conferences‎ > ‎The Cognitive and Neurocognitive Aspects of Learning: Abilities and Disabilities - In memory of the late Prof. Zvia Breznitz, May 19th-21st, 2015‎ > ‎
Improving the efficiency and effectiveness of instruction with progress monitoring and formative evaluation in the outcomes driven model, Prof. Roland Good
Notes - I melt in light Men Texts Humankind Texts The road Hermeneutics The testimony of in-between In-between as a quantum void. … Continue reading →
Today - Today is the day, my day, the day i decide, the day I change my mind, the day I let go and hold on to... Only today I will run free and dance if I decide to...
Over timp the same - I never dare to reach for the moon I never thought I'd know heaven so soon I couldn't hope to say how I feel The joy in my heart no wo...
The International Conference on Cardiovascular Diseases and Therapeutics (CVDT) will be held on November 21-22, 2018 in Paris, France with the theme "Therapeutic Advances in Heart Diseases"....
During two days, GYN'OV - the 1st European congress for Vaginal Rejuvenation - will bring together over 300 participants from the world of gynecology, urology, dermatology, sexology and cosmetic /...
On the 31st of January 2019, IMCAS is coming home to Paris for the 21st edition of the IMCAS World Congress. Over two decades later and IMCAS is still the world leader in aesthetic conferences, contin...
22nd International Conference on New Horizons in Cardiology & Cardiologists Education. March 07-08, 2019 Berlin, Germany Theme: Experts Insights into Discovery of Millennium R...
* v3 crack repair on an April 20 edition triggers R Star break time detection mechanisms leading to the failure of the BUG
* First Edition crack due to limited time, only a temporary break Jun 7 win support, so this edition win8 / 8.1 systems can not necessarily be, we will update, please be patient!
** (optional step) to run a copy from the Update folder to the registry key recovery tool after the game directory
This apartment of 56 m² (about 602 ft²), in a building of 5 floors contains 3 rooms including 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 shower room and 1 toilet. It is equipped with a living room of 16,3 m² (about 175 ft²), with a fitted, with a balcony, with a cellar and with a parking lot. It's located on the 5th floor. Heating : collective. Others : intercom.
Informations collected on this form are saved in a file computerized by FS IMMOBILIER to manage your . They are kept for the time necessary to manage your application in compliance with applicable legal requirements and are intended for our advisors.. In accordance with the law \"Informatique et Libertés\", you can exercise your right of access to your data and modified them by contacting: FS IMMOBILIER 38 rue du General Leclerc 95320 St Leu la Foret
In the discography you will find all recordings that have been released listed chronologically. We restrict ourselves to the title, the type of audio, year of publication or recording, label, list of guest musicians, plus any comments on the issue.
Timber Production, LLC is the first and the biggest Russian company, which developed the production of wooden massagers, wooden combs and other accessories from Siberian birch.
Miroslav Mikhaylovich Melnik has been assigned to the position of the Director General of the Company.
The basic mission of the INFPC is to promote and provide media coverage for continuing vocational training within the economic and social life in Luxembourg.
Elegia.fr is tracked by us since May, 2012. Over the time it has been ranked as high as 268 199 in the world, while most of its traffic comes from France, where it ...
Concordia Continuing Education (CCE) offers distinctive opportunities in the market to better answer the personal, professional and organizational growth needs of our ...
05/10/2017 · With 189 member countries, staff from more than 170 countries, and offices in over 130 locations, the World Bank Group is a unique global partnership: five ...
BiRD offers jobs for short- and long-term projects related to governance, justice, rule of law, civil society, security, elections, etc., for different bi- and ...
Yes it always get late i dont know why but it comes thats the point ,Because the others not comes even not at time Its better then other i will say this just !!
I ordered the Fiery Wall of Protection Kit and the 13 Herb Bath on February 18, 2016, and I still have not received my order yet. How long does it take to receive orders? I thought it only took approximately 3 weeks. I have ordered other supplies from LM and it only took those supplies approximately 2 weeks.
I haven't received my order from march 5th either, and I have emailed them twice and no response. Other orders didn't take this long
"...Because Lucky Mojo is a home-based company where everything is freshly hand-made to order (no factory! no warehouse!), we do get caught up on orders and fall behind on orders on a regular, albeit unpredictable, basis...."
I had the same problem with a long delayed order. I called them and they were having problems getting one of the herbs for the 13 herb bath.
So, I was able to have them just refund me for the bath and they were able to ship the order. So, if you still haven't gotten your order, this supply problem may be a cause. You should call them to get it resolved as Miss Aida said.
The missing herbs for the 13 Herb bath FINALLY arrived! We have made 13 pounds of the mixture and are now shipping that product.
I'm having trouble ordering items from this website . Some of the different locations websites don't even work . The other ones that do work don't have any oils or kits that are LM brand . I tried almost 3 times and there's always an issue with my address not matching a zip code when I fixed it and entered it correctly. I just used the same card to order off of another website and it worked immediately . ugh I've been trying to get products for a month now and it's really frustrating . Is there any other website besides the ones listed that might sell LM products?
With the festival right around the corner I was just wondering how fast the shop is operating right now? Thank you so much for your time.
As always at this time of year, orders are backing up as we work on the Apprenticeship and Festival. Small orders wwill be handled more easily during this time.
Oh my....that means my order will take forever to arrive then. I hope not though. I ordered one spell kit and one oil last night. Is that considered a small order?
I placed an order a few days ago and have sent emails to orders@luckymojo.com but have received no reply. My question is since I only ordered herbs and nothing needs to be hand made, will my order ship relatively soon? Will I receive an email when it ships and a tracking number?
Good question theroberts, I too am wondering as well. I need to order some other things but I am afraid that I should wait until things are less hectic or should I go ahead and place my order. Any insight would be most helpful
Is there a list or product recommendations that you guys have or can provide quicker? I'm asking because what I desperately need may be on that list and I could perhaps place that order and perform that work during the interim of waiting for my other products.
When in doubt call the shop. However, I can say that they are finishing up the massive amount of orders from the festival time, as someone in the shop told me. I have 2 small orders (one of herbs and a rootworkers special mix oil) and another with a mojo and a candle, placed on may 15+16, that I was advised will not be ready until another week or two,the same estimate I received the week before when i called :/ . And these would be considered small.
candles, herbs and premade items like jewelry, etc would be fastest is my guess. As production time is low.
oils (although i read somewhere the rootworkers special oil had a lower production time due to the size of the bottle opening) would be time consuming. as well as satchets, etc.
custom items like the jack ball would be the longest sort of item. or fixed dolls. But again, I cannot speak for the shop. your best bet is to call them up
I placed a small-medium (spell kit and a few oils, incense powder and sachet powders) order on 5/21 but I don't think it has shipped yet... Called twice since ordering to check up on it (once to ask if I could add something if it hasn't shipped) but now I just think it'll get here when it gets here... Though I hope it's sooner than later! I need my oils!
Hey, Catlady409, I'm not a Lucky Mojo shop employee, but it's likely they're still trying to get caught up on orders after the Hoodoo Heritage Festival in May. Give it a little time, or call the shop for another update.
That's what I figured, sisterjean, after snooping on the forum! Maybe I'll check again next week - I don't want to "harass" anyone haha
I ordered honey Jar and other stuff and haven't received it as yet. There are a few more things I want to order but is reluctant because the wait time to get them is so long. When will the store backlog be cleared up?
We lost one worker, another went out for hand surgery, and we have been advertising for someone for one month, but have not been able to fill the position, We have an interview with a possible worker coming up on Wednesday. The one who had surgery has just now returned to work part time.
Thanks Ms Cat. I will try and be a little more patient even though its delaying work that my rootworker has to do for me.
ooh i am anxiously waiting for my order , hope it comes to the right house i have had problems in the past
I got my order today and everything was package so beautiful, the oils are devine even the herbs smell so good.
I am taking a break from my candles to provide this update. Oh and Nicole sent me a nice little heart shape gift. Thanks Ms. Cat and crew for creating these blends and your staff is the best!!
I may not have experienced a wait yet because I just ordered but I will say this… the courtesy and professionalism is amazing! I wish all reps for businesses would be like this. Waiting for something that can change your life is truly hard. With all the positive reviews its worth it. Even some not so positive where great because advice was given to better the situation. One thing I don't have is patience lol as that's one of things that my ex and I argued about. I will have to have some now with ordering. All in all LM I'm happy I've found your service!
Just to let you know. Today, September 1, 2016, the oldest package in the shop for which products have not all been made -- that is, the oldest order on the lab floor, is dated August 16, 2016 (16 days).
About half of the orders are pulled and ship in 72 hours. The other half require products to be made and can stay in the line for a few days to two weeks longer as we make the products in small batches in the order that orders were placed.
There are 138 orders in the lab line right now, and 9 on the shipping table, ready to pack up and ship tomorrow.
I'm excited to say I just got off of the phone with yet another very courteous representative, and found my order was shipped yesterday! I've really been thinking about taking a trip and making a few purchases in person not only to see everything, but to meet such wonderful people. That's big for me as I really never leave my little city unless its an emergency.
I was just wondering what is the current wait time time for mojo bags to be made and shipped out? thanks
Today, 9/19/16, the oldest order in the lab is dated 9/5/16 (14 days). The oldest order in the shipping department is dated 9/6/16 (13 days). Most orders are shipping in 72 hours.
We are well stocked with oils, but short on spell kits and 4 oz. washes and waters, which will need to be made.
With the apprenticeship having wrapped up a couple of wks ago, how backed up are orders right now? I am really excited to get my first order and was wondering how fast things are movement along in the shop. Thank you so much.
We got backed up with a surprise ton of thriple strength mojo hand orders, each of which is hand-made. We are well stocked with oils, herbs, and 4 oz. washes and waters.
Shipping is a bit backed up, with the oldest order on the shipping table also dated 9/14/16 (18 days). Eileen can ship up to 40 packages per day, so the number of packages on her table will go down very rapidly by Thursday, and then on Friday, she will turn her attention to packing big boxes of the books we publish for distribution via Amazon. Over the weekend, only small packages will ship on Saturday, and none on Sunday, so the number of packages will build up again. Then, next Monday, Eileen will again begin her sweep of the packages that are waiting to be shipped.
I just wanted to say thanks to lucky mojo for their fast service. I received today an order i placed exactly a wk ago and it included a mojo bag. I was pleasantly surprised when i looked in my mail box. Thanks again!
There are 86 larger orders on the shipping table right now, waiting to be boxed and labelled for shipping.
Shipping is a HEAVILY backed up today, with the oldest order on the shipping table dated 10/14/16 (17 days ago), due to Eileen having been out for her annual vacation. (She went to Portland!) While she is gone, only smaller orders could be boxed and shipped, since only she handles the large and heavy UPS and wholesale orders.
Eileen can ship up to 40 packages per day, so the number of packages on her table will go down very rapidly by Thursday, and then on Friday, she will turn her attention to packing big boxes of the books we publish for distribution via Amazon.
Over the weekend, only small packages will ship on Saturday, when Yose packs, and none on Sunday, because our Post Office does not offer Sunday service. The number of packages will therefore build up again over the weekend, then, next Monday, Eileen will again begin her sweep of the packages that are waiting to be shipped.
Hey, i told you Eileen was quick! What i did not mention was that Heidi and the lab crew are also working at great strength:
There are 85 orders in the lab line right now, waiting for products to be hand-made. The oldest order on the lab floor this morning was placed on 10/25/16 -- 8 days ago. Heidi and the lab crew have gained a 3-day advantage since i last posted.
There are 67 larger orders on the shipping table right now, waiting to be boxed and labelled for shipping, with the oldest order on the shipping table dated 10/22/16 -- 11 days ago. Eileen has gained a 6-day advantage since my last post.
There are 38 orders in the lab line right now, waiting for products to be hand-made. The oldest order on the lab floor this morning was placed on 11/8/16 -- 3 days ago. Heidi and the lab crew have gained a 5-day advantage since i last posted.
There are 34 larger orders on the shipping table right now, waiting to be boxed and labelled for shipping, with the oldest order on the shipping table dated 10/6/16 -- 5 days ago. Eileen has gained a 6-day advantage since my last post.
I attempted to call the store a few times but it keeps giving a busy tone. Just wanted to inquire about my order shipment. I placed my order 2 weeks ago. It is a small order of deers tongue, compelling oil, blockbuster oil, and blockbuster incense. I know you guys have been backed up and working hard. Any idea of when it'll ship? Thank you guys!
If the phone gives you a busy signal, that's because all THREE lines are in use. We are open 9:00 to 5:00 every day. I cannot look up your order because you are using a pseudonym. Please call the shop at 707-887-1521 tomorrow and they will help you.
Am Anastasia, I have few words for those in dear need of spiritual help and been used because they so much wanted back what belongs dearly to their heart and as a result of this get desperate for help and get rip off their hard earn money buying fake services. Sometimes i read peoples articles and wondered if there is any iota of conscience in this evil people lying and pretending to be what they are not just to make a living. I have suffered this fate in the hands of casters and my issues was critical more than when i met them. Don't get deceived and if you are working with any casters that cant make you see changes for positive results in two days then why wasting your time and energy. I have details of casters that i sent emails to for refund when they failed to give results and asking for more money, and they threatened to make me mad. I am more protected now and i achieved my goal, thanks to someone like me who i talked to and gave me her world on who she wants me to work with. I did and today want to return same help to another. Ask the questions after your heart and achieving spiritual helps, realananperez@gmail.com and will give answers to your questions.
As many of you know, we are sometimes backed up on orders and sometimes we ship within 48 hours. All of our products are handmade in small lots, and we are always working ahead, but sometimes a run of demands for one product or another will deplete our overstock and then an order will wait until that one product is made. We make products in date-order of orders placed.
We have heard from customers by phone who say that they "know" or "read somewhere" that "orders from Lucky Mojo take 10 to 14 days to ship."
This is not true. Some orders ship in 48 hours, and some may go into "the line" for items to be made -- and once in the line the products will be made in the order that the orders were received.
SPLIT SHIPPING: We will ship what we have in stock, back-order the rest, and send you the rest when it is made. You will incur a second shipping cost if you select this option.
SHIP WHAT IS IN STOCK AND CANCEL THE REST. You will receive your order quickly, but you may not receive all products and we will cancel out (not back-order) the items that we did not have at the time you ordered.
If you do not select one of these options, we will put your order in the line for complete fulfillment, as quickly as we can make the items you need.
Once we mail your order, the delivery time is the responsibility of the carrier, and we cannot affect that time in any way.
I don't believe that the shop gives out tracking codes for their packages. But you could always call the shop and see if that's an option.
I placed two orders within the last 2 days. Just basic oils and bath crystals. How soon can I expect shipment?
InhaleExhale: I'm just a customer, but you'd probably get a better answer from the shop. It might depend on the oil or bath crystal, so "basic" doesn't help a lot. In addition to hand-making things in small batches, they're also dependent on the supplies necessary to make those things. When I called and asked last week, the woman who answered the phone explained that they were waiting on two of the herbs for the thirteen herb bath. They weren't going to substitute, say, crabgrass and packing peanuts, so they had to wait, same as me, and then had to craft it.
I'll tell you when they seem to arrive, though. Weirdly, they seem to arrive just in time. That's happened to me twice now: I really needed whatever it was on that particular day, and boom, it arrived.
Anyway, I don't want to make more work for busy people, but sometimes they literally can't pull things off the shelves or restock them.
I recently ordered a Love Me spell kit from LM, and I ordered a separate set of large lodestones to use instead of the ones that came with it. I named them, and I already started working with them. When I was trying to identify them I just went mostly with my intuition, somehow I thought I knew exactly which one was a male and which one was a female, but now I started second guessing myself. My question is what if I was wrong and I identified lodestones incorrectly?
One of my lodestones reminds me of a triangle with a round-ish base and another one looks like a skinny rectangle with one side being pointy (or it also looks like a stretched out triangle). I thought the first one was a female, to me it had softer edges, and the second one I thought was a male, but like I said now I am questioning myself. Please let me know what you think, thank you!
In the hoodoo folk-magic tradition, as i was taught, a male lodestone is angular, irregular, long, or narrow, while a female lodestone tends toward the compact, cubical form, or has rounded edges.
Naming lodestones is a very personal choice. If you have an ancestor who was meaningful to you, naming your lodestone after them is no different than naming your child after them. It's a form of respect and acknowledgement, and perfectly acceptable.
In the spring, I ordered a pair of male/female lodestones from LM, but wasn't ready to use them yet. In a flurry of activity and such, I misplaced them, and, as I met someone recently who has got my heart all aflutter, I thought of them, and decided it was time to work them. As soon as I decided I needed them, it was if they appeared in my desk drawer, still in their original LM packaging.
I am ready to work with them, but I have noticed that although they fit together quite snugly, they do not pull toward one another. They hold magnetic sand quite nicely, but there is no way to put them together where they will *hold*. The fit is good, there just isn't any magnetic pull that I can see. Is this an issue? Do I need a different pair? Can I still just move them together with my spell until they fit, and keep them like that? Any advice is greatly appreciated. Thank you!
I have a (hopefully) simple question about doing a moving lodestone spell for love. I was using a small taper candle for the work and was snuffing it every 7th of the way down - today was day 3. I lit the candle, did my thing, and then went to do some housework. I completely forgot about the candle, and came back. There is now only about a 7th of it left. Do I just keep using this candle and make it last? Should I make a new candle? Or should I just start the whole spell over again?
Welcome to the forum. When you get a chance, and presuming you wish to do so, please introduce yourself in the Introductions thread.
Sometimes when we lose focus on our work, it can call into question the importance of the wish itself. Or it can indicate you do not have the talent to perform the work. Or it can be a sign of spiritual interference. In any regard, such a lack of focus is never a good thing.
You need to pay attention to your work as you are working it. That should be the sole occupant of your mindset. If your attention is scattered, so is your energy.
In this case, finish working the candle then I would start a new one and pay more attention to it. Your chance of success is only as good as the effort you make.
Hey y'all...For the lodestone drawing spell must it be a china plate to rest my stone and sand on? I have to practice in my household pretty privately and even if I were to hide it under my bed I'd be concerned I'd accidentally be disturbing how it sits by shuffling it around everyday. Would a small jar be an acceptable replacement to the china plate? I could keep it well hidden and cared for in that way. Let me know what you think? Thanks!
Miss cat's spells are written for a reason.With her almost 1/2 century of experience, research and working with the old-timer Hoodoo practitioners, she knows what she's saying. I would not alter that sell
This is why I run these things by the professionals! I just found the most perfect little china dish today so I'm nearly ready to get going.
I was sold a single large lodestone which I was told could be used for love, which I worked with for months. After reading many of these topics I now know I need 2 (male/female).
My situation is I have strong feelings for someone that also has feelings for me but we lived across the country from one another. Now that were close by he's in a relationship. Is it wrong of me to use lodestone to attract him to me?
Welcome to the Lucky Mojo forum. If you would like to, you're welcome to introduce yourself under the "introductions" thread.
You're right, lodestone spells used to draw two people together require two lodestones. So why not just get a second one? Lucky Mojo sells them for not very much:
I performed a lodestone moving love spell about ten years ago, and nothing happened. I worked hard with it, and after nothing happened for about a year or so and I had to move, I put it in a nice box. Nothing continued to happen. I just found them the other day. I mentioned this to Deacon Millett in the course of a reading/consultation, and he suggested leaving them in a graveyard. I always take his advice, of course. What's the point in asking if you're not going to take it, right? I was wondering:
1) How do you know that a lodestone spell just didn't work out? When do you stop working them and try something else? and,
2) I particularly was wondering if leaving the lodestones together without "undoing" or deploying them somehow may have actually hindered drawing new love. They're still attached and have the magnetic steel filing attracted to them. I just didn't meet anyone until the current dude that Deacon Millett really wants me to Cut and Clear (I think he's right about that, too).
Let me know. I think there's some things I just don't "get" about lodestones, and either they're not the best kind of spell for me to work, or I messed it up somehow.
I'd say after a year if you haven't seen any movement whatsoever, that's a pretty solid sign that the spell just didn't work. I couldn't tell you if deploying the lodestones together hindered you finding new love; I think that would be a good question for a reader. You mention you don't "get" lodestones though; maybe they just don't "vibe" with you and the spell didn't work because of that? Not everyone is drawn to all kinds of spellwork and not all kinds of spellwork work for everyone. Just food for thought
Thank you, Sister Jean. Yes, I think maybe lodestones and maybe even open-ended spells like honey jars aren't for me. It's easier to set it and forget it if it's finished and I just have to wait. Anyway, I think I will ask Deacon Millet for suggestions after a good, solid Uncrossing and Fiery Wall (and, yes, Cut and Clear, Deacon, I need to get better). I suspect love magic in general isn't my thing. I'm tempted to try money magic, just to see if I have a gift for that!
Hi I am new here! Thanks everyone for the great info! I was reading this thread for the post on using a lodestone for new car manifesting. Would I place the image, personal concern, and lodestone on a plate, just on altar or in a jar? Also what oils or powders would be good to order for this? Im really excited to try this out it will be my first time at this so any guidance would be really appreciated! Also if there are more links on the site for me to read on this that would be great.
Um...it turns out the lodestones probably worked just fine. Like a charm, in fact. I was looking at the nice box I'd placed them in. It's a gorgeous wooden box with golden tiles on it. Golden *reflective* tiles. And it's got a latch for a lock.
So I carefully, faithfully followed instructions for a spell to draw My Future Husband, placed it in a lockable mirror box, and then wondered why my Prince wasn't Coming. For a decade. I couldn't have kept True Love away more effectively if I'd tried unless I'd actually locked it and tossed away the key! It's even possible that on some level it wasn't a "mistake" at all. I sure hope My Future Husband didn't die of old age while he was waiting.
Oh, well. Time to follow advice, lay that trick, and do it correctly this time, maybe using a good spell kit or two or instructions from someone who knows what they're doing.
Hi, I am reading about the Lodestone and how to use it, I bought by mistake the money drawing kit, but will only use the Lodestone, money drawing sachet powers and candles ect. Even though I am a newbie I feel comfortable using the Lodestone, my question is do I have to put it in whiskey or can I use bourbon, that's what I have at home, and instead of 2 dollars bills can I use one dollar bills.
I named my lodestone Lucky-but since I got Lucky to bring me paying customers and draw money to me- I think I didn't name it correctly, should I rename it?
I would like help on how to use a lodestone and guidance to build a little altar to help me manifest the vehicle I need. I have a pic of the exact car, a lodestone, and some herbs and oils I've ordered from LM. I have no problem order more stuff I have had such success with LM products already! If there is a link to somewhere where this is already answered please post too, I have been reading through but didn't find any. Thanks!
I do a reconciliation spell, now after burned the 9 candels and put the lodestones under my bed for 3 day, what must I do with the lodestones?
The lodestone link provided is very informative and I appreciate that. However, while reading the article, I noticed that different-colored lodestones are available for purchase, but when I click on the link to purchase, I can only find the black lodestones.
Considering I want to use the lodestones to attract love and lust, I'm guessing red lodestones would be appropriate, but where can I find the red lodestones in the LM catalogue or how would I go about specially ordering red lodestones?
The ones in the catalog are natural, as in not painted (black). Some prefer natural/unpainted for all manner of works, though some prefer the painted as well. You could buy the natural and paint it yourself if you feel so inclined.
I have not ordered colored lodestones from LM so wait for more instruction from a moderator but its probably as simple as making a note in your order requesting the color of your choice.
I have never heard of Lucky Mojo selling painted lodestones; I've only ever seen them sold in their natural state. But like RevJames said, you could always call the shop and ask.
I've been feeding 2 lodestones under my bed for a while now, I'd like to seal them into 2 sewn hearts bound together as little pillows as I may be moving in with the one I'm working on and I won't be able to conceal the stones that easy anymore. Is that a possibility? Or would splitting them into two separate hearts be detrimental?
Why would you seal them in cloth pillows away from each other? Sew them into the SAME pillow, and let them live together happily ever after.
HI I don't understand why only one time that I used a lodestone for luck it works really well with five finger grass money and cinnamon petition, in the store when I paid the give me back the money that I should spend but after I lost that lodestone and now even if I try again with another lodestone doesn't work...even if I put the same oil and herbs....and same petition...
my question is how I can find the correct lodestone for work with my intent? and why not all lodestone are working???
Are you feeding your lodestone properly? If not, that could contribute to it not working as well. You can read more about lodestones and the care of them here:
I think the secret is to find the correct lodestone for the intent that I want to attract and that it is not easy because means I should have a lot of lodestones...anyway tks bye Magister9
I recently made a love Gris Gris and included a pair of red lodestone. Upon feeding my lodestone, I noticed that the female lodestone was not attracting any magnetic sand, while the male lodestone attracted plenty. What could this mean and should I be worried? Could this represent a sign? I'm worried and don't know what to do.I later went back and programmed and named the female stone to represent me, and the male lodestone to represent the man I desire. I also added more conditioning oil. Thank you in advance for your help. I included a link to a picture of the lodestones as visual aid for interested parties.
Lodestones can and do lose their magnetism -- so this is not an unusual event. The fact that it is your stone, however, is worrying, because it might mean that someone opposes or has sapped away your natural display of magnetic attraction.
I would get a new lodestone to represent yourself and try again. Bury the old one about your home somewhere.
I received my pair of lodestones but I cannot tell which is male/female because they both are sharp. Also, when looking at the shape to determine which is which, do you look at them when they are attracted to each other? I also noticed they only attract each other at some parts.
I hope you’re in good spirits! The male lodestone has a point/pyramid shape at the corner. The female has a round shape on the corner. The following link will tell you more about lodestones.
Thanks, Miss Nikki -- and another way i have been told to distinguish them is that those with natural red rust are female (for menstrual blood) and those with natural white streaks of quartz are male (for semen).
Hello. I am about to set up my lodestone I got from my lucky mojo order for pulling in money for me.
I'm assuming I can, but wanted to make sure, can I start with a smaller amount of money like $20 and then move to a $100 by just adding the $100 underneath the same lodestone as the $20? I won't need to start anything over will I?
You can replace small bills with large ones, or you can add a small bill every day until you can swap it out for a larger denomination. You can add coins as well as paper currency.
See the book "Cash Box Conjure" by Miss Phoenix LeFae for a lot of great variations of this sort of Lodestone money-drawing spell:
Thank you Miss Cat! I remember you telling me about this book after I had already placed my last big LM order. I will definitely be including this in my next order! Thank you so much as always.
I'm looking at using a lodestone to attract a car, however I've only done a money drawing lodestone so far, so I'd like to make sure I've got this right.
I have a couple of cars in mind that I'd like, but my main priority is getting one that meets my basic requirements (safe, comfortable, affordable and so on) as quickly as possible. The heat where we're at is just so dangerous, and our public transport is so unreliable, we just can't do without a car anymore. So I feel it would be faster to just make a list of the qualities I absolutely have to have in whatever car I get and let the universe work out what would be best for me right now. So do I need to add any pictures of cars at all or would just the descriptions be fine?
Visualization is important to some people, but not to others. At the church, we often cut out photos sent my our clients and glue them all around the outside of a glass candle. You can do the same on a circle or square of cardboard, and set your lodestone at the center.
If you go to the store's webpage, there are pictures next to each item that shows you how many lodestones comes in each pack. For $4.00 you can get one small lodestone or a scoop of lodestone gravel:
I have another question. So I ordered Hoyt's cologne, magnetic sand, anvil dust, and a large lodestone. My question is how often should I add the anvil dust, and wouldn't it get mixed in with the magnetic sand? I would like to keep them not mixed together so I can reuse it. I have never worked a Lodestone before so excuse me if I don't know. Using it to draw cash flow
I always thought anvil dust and magnetic sand were different in name only. Yes they will get mixed together, but I don't think it matters because they are used for the exact same thing: feeding lodestones and attracting money. I wouldn't worry about it!
I am in the process of putting together my lodestone ritual for steady business success and prosperity. I will be keeping this lodestone in my office. My large lodestone will be for my home prosperity altar.
I was wondering if I could name my lodestone after another practitioner who is very successful, prosperous and excels at the skills she trained me in. She is a master practitioner in this field and I want to master this technique the way she has. In addition, she is witty, funny, charming and very well liked. She has a great fun clinical practice, with great staff and associates and that is what I aspire to have in my practice.
And if I do name my lodestone "Mary" would I say "Mary, as i feed you...so will you feed me" all the qualities I listed above etc.
I have only named a lodestone for a persons name when I want to effect that person and attract them. I would name my lodestone on what I want it to do in this case prosperity success etc. I am not sure if other people name them as you are asking, its a good question. However keep the stone related to the work you are doing, you dony want mary you want success, you want money etc. If you want to be liked make a honey jar on yourself and customers, do an attraction spell to draw customers to you and to like you. Here is a small list of the many items LM sells that go along with your topic of interest.
Board index How To Use Lucky Mojo Spiritual Supplies in Hoodoo, Rootwork, and Conjure Baths and Washes in Hoodoo, Rootwork, and Conjure Spells
How to use Lucky Mojo herb baths, crystal salt baths, and floor washes for cleansing, protection, love, health, and luck.
After reading the forum quite a bit I still have some questions about spiritual baths I would like to clarify.
1. I am planning to take series of baths with love herbs. Is it necessary to take all baths before dawn and dispose the bath water on a crossroads every time? Or I need to do this only ones (with the first or the last day bath) and to take the rest of the baths in the other time during the day without disposing the water?
2. It is recommended to take the spiritual baths before dawn. it seems like a big project to do this bathing every day right before dawn for several days. Could I take the baths, lets say, right after midnight and dispose the water after that? Would it technically be considered as before dawn?
3. I have John The Congueror spell kit I got to increase my husband's luck and influence in business. It includes taking a bath with the crystals on the first day. I was planning to perform the spell myself on behalf of my husband. Who should be taking the bath if I will be actually doing the spell, me or my husband?
You're right. It IS a project, and that's kind of the point. The bathing ritual requires you set aside time and make effort to do this magic. And, to be blunt, if you want this thing badly enough, you'll make the time to do the ritual. There aren't any shortcuts. I would recommend reading the instructions on your packet of love herbs or love bath crystals or whatever you're using very carefully, and follow them exactly. They're written that way for a reason.
With the disposal of the water though, don't feel like you have to take ALL the bathwater to the crossroads. You can just take a cupful.
As for your question about High John the Conqueror bath crystals, I think it would help your husband the most if he used them.
So I just received my hyssop bath crystal from LM and after I am done with the daily cleansing (say when doing a 7 day long spell) and need to dispose the bath water daily at the crossroad, can we do it at the same crossroad or does it have to be a different crossroad each time? And can we accumulate the bath water and dispose it together on the final day of the spell work?
No, I don't think you need to use a different crossroads every time. And I think saving up the bathwater thing is a personal preference; I wouldn't do it that way, but sometimes it's what you have to do. I'd recommend reading through these threads for more information:
I have the Saint Expedite bath crystals here and I was wondering if it would be alright to take the bath even though I have been burning the Saint Expedite candle every night & sprinkling the sachet powders.
Utilizing the bath crystal in addition to what you are already doing will raise the vibrations of the Saint that you are working with to a higher level as well. Just remember as you are taking the bath focus on your intent and also thank Saint Expedite in advance for moving swiftly on your behalf. Just in case you weren't aware of his likes for pound cake and public recognition, once your petition has been granted make sure you present him his pound cake and give him some form of public recognition.
Thank you for the advice. I actually give my Saint Expedite figurine cake whenever I can even though the candle has 3not finished burning.
I also sprinkle the sachet powders and will put the oil on the petition paper that I have placed the candle over.
I don't expect this to do anything until the candle is at least finished burning and I will wait for 3 months.
I'll be renting an apartment to do some negative work e.g. Hotfoot and I'm planning to head back home each day after the work is done so that anything negative will not be following me home.
Do u think I can do my LM hyssop bath at the apartment first before heading home so that whatever that's negative is removed before I reach home? And that before I reach my home I can do a quick smudge before entering my house for double protection?
Or do u think I can stay at the apartment throughout the course of the spell duration and perhaps do the spell work outside like the yard and then spray some salt at the door and window to prevent any negative coming into the apartment to affect me?
I personally do not usually dress my herbal baths with oils, though I do put oils in bath salts. The Love Herb mixture however I find to not be particularly oriented to straight or GLBT either way. The herb mixture you are suggesting as a GLBT centered one I also think could be used to attract opposite sex or same sex partners but your mixture definitely has a bit more control and domination flavor to it.
I ordered some LM NATURE bath crystals and I was wondering how they should be used. They came with no suggested instructions and I have searched the forum and there don't seem to be any posts about how to use these specific bath crystals. If there is something to be prayed over the water? The purpose is sexual enhancement.
You could say any prayer that you wish. Psalm 23 is good. Then ask that your sexual nature is enhanced/improved.
If you are a female and wish for the sexual nature for a man to improve, then you would bath the representation of that man (like a doll or any type of effigy) with the same instructions
Welcome to the Lucky Mojo forum. It sounds like you are perhaps new to hoodoo, so I recommend you read this page to learn more about spiritual bathing:
If you don't have a bathtub, place a small basin in the shower stall so when the water runs off your body some of it runs into the bowl/basin.
P.S. Please be mindful of where you are posting. You posted a question about bathing under the love spells thread, which meant I had to move it over here. If you continue to post in the wrong place you will receive a board warning.
I did a forum search but nothing popped up so apologies if I spelled something wrong and ended up with no results...
I'm making some 'bath bombs' as gifts, I wanted to sprinkle tiny bits of healing bath salts, power, uncrossing, steady work, courage, domination and firey wall of protection in seperate bombs for different people. I'm only planning on using a TEENY BIT in each just to get it in there, but wanted to check first that if I were to do that, are there any formulas out of the ones that I mentioned here that herbs would be too harsh for someone to be secretly bathing in and then break out into hives and scream at me at 3am?
I need to ask this question to be sure, since since both are to clear away bad energy can I mix an uncrossing & purifying bath together
I know of uncrossing Lucky Mojo bath crystals (http://www.luckymojo.com/bath-uncrossing.html) but I'm not familiar with a Lucky Mojo purifying bath crystals (though I could be missing it). Is the purifying bath you have/are speaking about a Lucky Mojo product, as those are the only products discussed on this forum.
As far as the general part of your question, can you blend bath crystals - yes, given they compliment each other.
Lucky Mojo doesn't carry a type of bath crystal called "purifying," but RevJames gave you some great suggestions on things you could combine with Uncrossing bath crystals. You could also combine them with 13 Herb Bath:
That's okay, I just know ingesting some herbs could be dangerous and certain herbs are known for adverse reactions like poison ivy (not that it's something I'd put in a bath bomb) but you know what I mean. Thank you for the reply!
I am using lucky mojo products & hoodoo herb & Root magic, in the back of the book it has a list of herbs to cleanse & purify. I used all lucky mojo herbs to create this purifying bath such as cinnamon, Epsom salt, five finger grass, hyssop, rosemary, rue, & pine, but I only had a small amount of lucky mojo uncrossing bath crystals left that’s why I asked if I could mix the two together. I trust & love lucky mojo products there original not like all this fake Oils & other stuff out there. I also love the service, help & support I Get from everyone. Thank you so much
I just wanted to tell everyone that I made bath bombs out of just the tiniest bit of my LM bath salts and took a bath for uncrossing, I FEEL AMAZING ALREADY. This is a GREAT way when you have to practice in secret to be able to store your materials without worrying someone will run into your packet of salt or if you even were to pour it into a bottle not having to worry about someone asking you why you have a bottle of herbs in salt! I can now hide my stash of bath salts (which I have plenty of still! SUPER value!!!!) in their original packaging and be able to keep my stash on hand of spiritual baths in my room in a decorative container!
For those of you who, like me, have to practice in EXTREME secrecy and find it REALLY hard to make it work for you, I recommend ALL of the LM bath salts (I have a variety and have made bath bombs from all the ones I got so far!) and can testify that they are incredibly useful and WORK! My whole body is just tingling with peace right now. With Miss Cat's information on the website (free book) and all of the knowledge I've gathered from reading about how to bathe on the forums I was able to do my best work ever in the realm of my experience with baths today. I'm proud of myself and proud to be part of the community.
Bath bombs! What a great idea! I'm so glad you've found a way to do this work even though you have to do it in secret. Great job!
It's a bath, it should have immediate effects. Some baths are repeated, usually when taking off a curse, but most work at once, while they are still fresh on your skin. Not every spell works for every person every time, of course. so try the bath three times, and if you see no results try something else or get a reading on the situation.
I sprinkle a pinch of bath salts into the wash when the machine starts the rinse cycle -- the laundry then spin-dries with the bath crystal essence included, and is dried in the dryer.
This may be a silly question, but I just want to make sure it's crystal clear to me. The bath crystals are added in during the same time you add fabric softener correct?
Do the bath salts have any bits and pieces of herbs in it or is it just salts? I can sieve it if it has bits after its been dissolved.
Lucky Mojo actually sells unscented, dyed bath salts that you can use as a base for your own blends and they don't have herbs in them. You could easily add condition oils to these and then not have to deal with herbs. You can find them toward the bottom of this page:
Also, can I mix the salts in water and then add in Hoyts Cologne in a bottle (so a mix of 50/50 water and cologne) for spraying around me?
I dont mind if there are any herbs in the bath salts but it doesn't really mention it in the description of the item on the website. I can sieve them after soaking in water.
I hope you are in good spirits. If you purchased the bath salts from the Lucky Mojo, those salts have been already scented. One drop of oil should do on the unscented salts.
Also, rather than sifting out the salts, just place them in one of those handy, reusable muslin bags made for that purpose. Those can be used both for all-herb baths and for mixed herbs and salt baths.
You don’t have to put a lot of Hoyt’s Cologne in the bottle with the water. I don’t like to waste supplies. Unless the spell calls for it, use a little amount.
To "pour water over your head" is a colloquial English phrase than means to pour water onto your head in such a quantity that it will flow downward.
-- 2) Once I take this bath once a day for five days, does this leave open any doors through which a foe can come in and steal the gains to be made by this type of deliverance, if it can, in fact, be considered a blockbuster and road opener?
-----2a) Does this bath act as a protection as well, if not, what sort of protection work would I need to do afterwards keep myself safe: dime, bayleaf, salt, pepper, Psalm in a shoe, etc.
-- 3) will this bath break loose any ills that I would have inadvertently loosed on myself by my own misdoings?
I hope you are in good spirits. There is a difference between road opener and blockbuster. Road opener is like opening a door. It is very gentle, & easy, not messy. Blockbuster is an explosion! It’s messy, & you should be ready to accept the consequences as well as the good fortunate.
Whether the spell is a road opener or block buster depends on the spell. Now that you have the definitions, you decide which on it is. If you are concerned about a foe, do protection spell.
For question 3, any person can at any time work against themselves by constantly worrying about a spell, doing something to intentionally to self destruct yourself. It just depends on the person. I recommend, you do the work, and forget about it. In time, you’ll know if it has worked or not. Good luck!
I've tried searching the forum and can't find a response. My apologies if I missed it. If you are spraying a room to cleanse using Chinese Wash, Florida Water, Sage...what direction do you go clockwise or counterclockwise? Thank you!
When I am cleansing a room, I concentrate more on working from top to bottom than clockwise or counterclockwise. Other workers may have their own way of doing things but that's how I usually operate! Hope that helps.
Thank you Sister Jean. I understand about the full cleansing but sometimes I just like to spray the room in between to clear the air. In that case which direction is best? Thank you.
There is no rule on spraying a room, spray goes up and down with gravity. Follow suit and spray upward and let fall downward, if you feel a direction is necessary then circle to the left is to send away, if using uncrossing work.. going clockwise direction is used to draw things like attraction. However these are not necessary. To clear the air in a room again would be spray at the top and let fall to the bottom. The direction is not whats doing the work rather the product that is being used.
* Some people spray only in one direction, such as East (where the Sun rises) for new things coming into the place, or West (where the Sun sets) for unwanted conditions leaving the place.
I am planning on doing a Chinese wash cleanse. I know it is from back to from and from top to bottom. And out front door. My question is I have a basement so I am assuming that I would start in the basement and then the main floor out the door. For the stairs from the basement (carpeted) I would vacuum or sweep down or up the stairs or does it matter. I will of course spray bottom to top of stairs but didn't know if sweeping, vacuuming mattered.
Unclear in what you wrote if the basement has its own exit or if it ONLY leads into the main floor and then out the front door. Mine has both.
If no outside exit, then simply clean , spray, sweep, and vaccum up from the bottom to the main level, and then work your way through the main level and out the front door. If there is a separate basement cellar door, treat the two floors separetly, first one, then the other. This is what I do.
Ok the basement does have a bilco door (normal door then a few stairs up and the heavy bilco doors) to the backyard but we don't have not opened it in years.
I was thinking that I should sweep/vacuum up to the top floor and then do the upstairs and out the front door. I don't want all the ick in my back yard and I don't even know if the doors would open
So I did a house and office cleansing. I have water, Chinese wash, uncrossing, fiery wall of protection, rue herb and sage in a spray bottle leftover(no bath water) from my office.
I treat patients in my office and I put fiery wall of protection on my hands before the day starts and at the end of the day. I wanted to know if I could also wipe down my tables and spray the mixture in the room to keep up the cleanse?
I currently spray my daughter's room and car with attraction, Crucible of courage, crown of successes for her to draw good things. Could I possibly spray her room in the morning with the fiery wall /uncrossing after she leave for school and then the coc, attraction mix before she goes to bed ? Maybe alternate days for alternate sprays? If this is too much maybe attraction mix beginning of the week and the fiery wall at the end of the week?
I would cleanse the daughter wash everything down with uncrossing then follow with attraction and crown of success, think of it as removing the crossed condition and putting on success.
Thank you Jaydee. I am confused, you said "cleanse the daughter wash everything down", did you mean her room? I did the wash and fiery wall candle last Friday. If you are talking about the room, do I do this daily,weekly, monthly? Can I use the mixture in the spray bottle which had Chinese wash, uncrossing and wash/wipe the stuff down? Then for attraction and crown of success is that also washing stuff down or do I spray it or put it on a white candle and let it burn?
I'm not JayDee, but I think what they meant is that it made sense for your to use the Uncrossing spray first, then follow up on that with the Crown of Success mixture, because you generally want to cleanse out the bad and then bring in the good. I hope that helps!
Select Language Russian English Arabic Bulgarian Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Finnish French German Greek Hindi Italian Japanese Korean Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Spanish Swedish Azerbaijani Armenian
Guide to the top free and paid Philippine and Asian dating websites, find filipina or asian singles for dating. Free dating sites in the Philippines and Asia. Dating site directory and dating guide, tips and advice. Filipina dating site reviews. Philippine dating site directory and asian dating site directory. Biggest date site in Philippines and Asia. Free Philippine girls online chatting site. Asian dating website with chat.
Filipinakiss.com compiles the best free dating site in the Philipines and in Asia. Here you can find the biggest date site in Philippines and the List of the top 10 dating sites in Philippines as well as in Asia. Useful directory of dating sites for Asia and the Philippines. Find Asian ladies and Filipina girls for dating.
Welcome to MyFilipinaDesire.com Site! Chat online with single persons, browse and rate profiles with photos and date with other members.
Filipinakiss.com is the most effective tool in your search of new interesting acquaintances, friends, lovers or future life partner on these dating directory that contains thousands of members. Dating sites are modern and useful on Asian and Philippines online dating sites. Online dating reviews allows every user to learn and study all information about any dating sites and reference on corresponding resources before registration.
Copyright © 2010 www.filipinakiss.com | All Rights Reserved - The Philippines and Asian Dating Site Guide. Dating site reviews. Dating tips and tricks.
When it comes to beauty, my regimen is simple; I take care of my skin and wear a small amount of makeup to enhance it, along with a classic red lip and a few swipes of a good black mascara. In general, I’ve always been attracted to the classics – items, people and looks that stand the test of time, and prove over and over to be a quality choice – and this sensibility influences my decisions spanning across my fashion, beauty and home purchases.
To many who have followed my style over the years, my appreciation for ‘the little black dress‘ will come as no surprise, especially considering how often I’m found wearing one. And yes, the search for the perfect one is endless, even though I did pick up a pretty fabulous new one from the Toronto designer, Bazzul, just the other day.
Even my beauty routine can be compared to “the little black dress of makeup” with its classic look. Although it doesn’t involve vast amounts of makeup tips and tricks (it is probably one of the simplest of all) that doesn’t mean I shy away from quality products. In fact, my skincare and makeup splurges are probably what drain my bank account the fastest, coming in just behind my frequent trips to the health food store and organic grocery bills. But, to me, quality is important, and as I always say: If you care about what goes in to your body, why wouldn’t you care about what goes on your body?
By now you’ve probably got the sense that I like nice things, and choose to have the best that I can afford in every aspect of my life. And even though I may not be a makeup maven, one of my favourite things in life is owning top-quality makeup brushes, even if it’s just for a quick dusting of loose powder, swipe of bronzer or eyebrow fill. I mean, there’s truly nothing else that will make you feel like a makeup pro faster than whipping out a great set of brushes, am I right?
This holiday season, I’ve been fortunate to give my makeup brush game a serious upgrade thanks to Tweezerman brushes that are now available in Canada at Shoppers Drug Mart and Tweezerman.ca. In case you are not already familiar with the Tweezerman brand, it’s important to note that Tweezerman is recognized in the beauty industry for setting the highest standards of quality, reliability, innovation and service with every beauty tool sold. Essentially, Tweezerman is the “little black dress of beauty tools“, and a fabulous addition to any vanity drawer.
Has the great gift idea lightbulb gone off above your head yet? Because Tweezerman brushes would most definitely delight anyone from the makeup maven, to the more timid makeup lover, such as myself. Even with a simple routine like my own, all of the Tweezerman brushes come in handy; the big and fluffy Powder Brush ($44.99) is perfect for all powder applications and creating an even finish (not to mention it feels amazing on your face), the Blush Brush ($28.99) helps me get that perfect pop of colour to create a natural-looking glow, while the new Finishing Contour Brush ($39.99) helps me get just the right amount of definition under my cheekbones with the right bronzer.
Naturally, with a name like Tweezerman you can probably guess what product the brand is most best known for which is their tweezers of course! With my dark and thick eyebrows always being one of my main beauty statements, the Tweezerman Classic Slant Tweezer ($28.00) help keep things tidy, while the Brow Brush ($16.99) helps define and enhance when I’m getting party ready and going for a bolder look. Of course no amount of mascara would be as effective without a good eyelash curler which is where Tweezerman’s Classic Lash Curler ($10.50) comes in on a daily basis.
At the end of the day, I like to ask: What would Cindy do? And in this case I think she’d be all over Tweezerman brushes too.
The post Getting Party Ready This Holiday Season with Help From Tweezerman Brushes appeared first on Gracie Carroll.
I always liked to draw from a young age. My favorite elementary school projects were the arts and crafts parts of the many state reports and dioramas we were assigned. I also used to doodle a lot in my spare time. However, I would never have considered myself to be an "artist".
I initially enrolled in Drawing because I have always wanted to take an art class. Until my senior spring, I felt that I did not have the time in my schedule to devote energy into art. So this semester, I took the plunge. My first realization was that I was definitely correct about drawing. It is a lot of work and it is hard.
However, my next realization was that it was really nice to work on a skill and think differently than I have in all of my other classes at Duke. It has been refreshing to spend less time reading a book and more time analyzing how to improve my drawings.
Another thing that is strange is I have always been somewhat artistic, but I had never taken a class or practiced regularly. Therefore, this class made me realize that art in general is much more than just a talented eye or steady hand. Composition and premeditated thought also play a large role in an overall piece. It was definitely a learning process to plan and execute each assignment.
It has been very cool to see how myself and the rest of my classmates have progressed throughout the semester. As I said before, I never used to consider myself an "artist". After taking this class, I still would not consider myself one. However, I do have a newfound respect for both the talent and hard work that it requires to create beautiful art. Furthermore, I am glad I had the opportunity to learn a new skill in a formal manner.
The Excerpt Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's [...]
There worse by an of miles civil. Manner before lively wholly am mr indeed expect. Among every merry his yet [...]
I have been extremely impressed with Wunder. It is a pleasure working with highly creative and inovative team.
"BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME IN COVENTRY HILLS! This home offers a bright and open floor plan. Cathedral ceiling in the entryway, efficient kitchen with plenty of cupboards, breakfast nook and cozy great room with a corner gas fireplace. All FOUR bedrooms on the upper floor have their own walk-in-closets! The laundry area is conveniently located upstairs as well. The basement has been framed and includes a partially finished FIFTH bedroom and bathroom rough-ins! Save on utility costs with the low "E" windows, tank-less hot water heater and extra attic insulation. Home has been pre-wired for a security system. Located conveniently in a quiet close, near playgrounds, school and public transportation. Call Now To View!"
Experiment with recording macros: Learn R1C1 cell referencing: DateTime object and will be used at the end to calculate the total runtime. As you become more familiar with VBA, you may opt out of this practice—the primary goal is to ensure that troubleshooting and maintaining your code is as easy as possible.
The basic idea for this sample procedure is to find out whether or not products from the ProductReport file contain product specification codes for an item catalog category that are new i.
If you skip to the message box statement on lines throughI use these variables to return the results to the user there. I will break it down in the following sections. The order in which actions are performed manually is not necessarily the order in which they ought to be performed in VBA.
Remember how it was used in line 28? The associated benefits will become clear as you write increasingly complex and lengthy procedures. How do these results compare to the rest of the specification categories besides labelsand what types of comparisons are worth our attention?
Define the ProdCode column header location based on the column name. There are two important parts of this statement that I want you to focus on for saving time: Lines 20 and 21 represent the syntax for creating a new worksheet.
Visualize your end result as you build and refine your table. VBA solutions are best when maintained and used by as few users as possible. You are about to find out how to automate one of the most widely used, advanced features in Excel. Create your pivot table manually by dragging the columns you want into the appropriate dimensions, filtering, grouping, formatting the values, etc.
Figure out how long it should take you to finish writing your VBA script, how long it should take you to perform the task manually, and how long this task will exist. Copy it, paste it into your project under the worksheet you created, and read it.
For me, the most natural approach is to write each block of code based on the order in which a user would perform this task if it were to be done manually. Wrap the loop containing the function in lines 83 and 96, as I did in the example, and that solves the problem in a simple way.
I found it easier to manage variables by grouping them according to their data type and function meaning, the way in which I use them. You definitely do not want the compiler to guess which workbook or worksheet to use, so be sure to specify it.
One final word on context: In my particular example Sample 2the same holds true: Repeat for as many pivot tables and worksheets as your heart desires. Two points that you must keep in mind are: Notice the comment on line 80 that refers to running another procedure: Where is the data analysis, you ask?
I do not necessarily recommend that you do the same, but since this was my first time using a VLOOKUP in a loop, I found it easier to develop in this manner.
For example, here is the same block rewritten in the style I have described: Construct a timeline to help clarify deadline estimates and the life expectancy of each solution. From here on out, it is up to you to figure out which pivot table objects are worth learning in VBA.
Copy the two lines that I used lines 63 and Look at your timeline. Is this business process going to change dramatically in a few months, and would such a change break your code? You probably did not expect this article to focus so little on the actual VBA code involved in constructing pivot tables, charts, and other objects and properties that may be used for data analysis.
Most of your effort should be spent preparing the data. If you anticipate using the macro recorder more even if it is only for pivot tablesI have one more suggestion … Do Yourself a Favor: This new mindset is the result of understanding the object hierarchy of these applications or even using the macro recorder effectively.
Yes, that is correct. Turn ScreenUpdating back on. Do you remember the thought that I told you to hold onto i.
Fortunately, I learned a valuable lesson in the process:The console will play old classics and new originals and is set for a release. The essential tech news of the moment. Technology's news site of record.
Not for dummies. 10 Signs You Know What Matters. Values are what bring distinction to your life. You don't find them, you choose them.
And when you do, you're on the path to fulfillment. After scouring the internet for a good, updated list of software developer and software engineer podcasts, I have come up empty.
It seems that the best list is an old closed Stack Overflow question which is. Wonder How To is your guide to free how to videos on the Web.
If you have a basic understanding of VBA but no clear application for its use yet, this article will provide exactly that: real-life, pragmatic examples of complete VBA procedures that transform entire business.
The Miserable Wives Club; where the members don't want anyone to know they belong...especially their husbands!
What does crazy look like? Let Deborah tell it, it's the reflection that looks back at her in the mirror. She has a career she loves, two beautiful children and a handsome and successful husband. Her life seems to be the blueprint almost every woman she knows would kill to live. But working full-time, being a full-time mother, full-time wife and a full-time Sunday only Christian seems to be taking its toll on her. With all the scheming and shenanigans Deborah orchestrated to get this lifestyle, she might have to come up with a whole set of new ones to maintain it.
Lynox is Deborah's husband who she thanks God for putting back into her life after a game of cat and mouse that defies the laws of romance. He feels that all Deborah needs is to let her hair down, maybe make some new friends and live a little. When Deborah agrees and then suspects Lynox of having an affair with the woman that he suggested she form a friendship with, will he live to regret his own advice?
ISBN: 1622868153 Author: E.N. Joy Format: Trade Paperback Publication Date: October 2015 It ain't easy being saved, sanctified, and single. Try being a once divorced, now widowed single mother of two on top of that. Thank God the Lord built Paige Vanderdale to be able to bear all of those titles without becoming weary to the point of giving up. From the outside looking in, that life looks good on her. On the inside, though, Paige is coveting what so many others around her seem to have, which is true love. In the past, everything that she thought was love was either something far from it, or was taken away from her. Now Paige is afraid to let her hair down and open herself up to love again. Paige struggles with the decision to reach out to an old flame to rekindle their spark. When the blaze gets too high, will Paige do what she always does, which is grab the nearest fire extinguisher and try to put it out? Or will she utilize her backup plan and run? The decision is abruptly removed from Paige's hands when something else begins to pull her away--something that just might be the thing that finally breaks her.
Author: E.N. Joy Format: eBook Publication Date: March 2015 Hailey is fed up with Randall, the love of her life, but she refuses to give up. Their issues are not something they can discuss over a lunch Randall would have to squeeze into his busy schedule. No, for what Hailey wants to say and do, it's going to take the entire summer. But getting Randall to agree to it may not be so easy. Indulge in this crazy, quirky, romantic, quick read that proves some problems between couples may take a little longer than others to fix...but true love is always worth fixing.
Behind Every Good Woman puts you in the passenger seat of the bumpy ride through Teal and Tyrone's loving yet sometimes volatile relationship. One minute every woman envies Teal and only dreams of having an attentive man like Tyrone to cater to her every need. The next minute no woman in her right mind would put up with him for even a day, let alone the seven years Teal has. Teal and Tyrone; T&T definitely stand for dynamite when it comes to the explosive ups, downs, and all-arounds of their love affair. Even with Tyrone's faults and foul acts, there is just something about him that makes him easy for Teal to love and even easier to desire. Will Teal sacrificing her true desires finally reach a breaking point that forces her to break things off with Tyrone...for good this time?
Lorain has been a prisoner of secrets almost all of her life. At the age of thirteen, she'd managed to keep her pregnancy a secret, discarding the infant she'd given birth to and leaving it for dead. She also never revealed the fact that the baby's father was her middle school guidance counselor. Years later, Lorain's mother had finally met the love of her life, and Lorain couldn't find the courage to tell her mother that her new beau was the man who molested Lorain. To complicate matters, Lorain discovered that the baby she'd abandoned all those years ago had survived, and God had placed Lorain in the now adult child's life. It seemed liked the legacy of secrets had been passed on, too, as Lorain helped her daughter conceal the true details behind her own pregnancy.
Lorain has managed to maneuver the secrets and lies like a strategic game of chess, and is now living the lavish fairytale life of a doctor's wife. But even that is a lie. With the rug about to be pulled from underneath Lorain by the woman who raised her abandoned child, all Lorain prays for is that everything will end well. In this cycle of lies, secrets, shame, and guilt, will Lorain get what she prays for?
Paige begs to differ with the scripture that says God will not put on a person more than they can bear, because she is truly on the edge. One slight push from another one of life’s unexpected and unpleasant occurrences, and she’ll be free falling.
As if having suffered physical, mental, sexual and spiritual abuse from her husband hadn’t weighed heavily on her enough, Paige had to deal with learning that her best friend and sister in Christ had done the ultimate no-no and slept with her husband. Thank God one of Paige’s co-workers, Norman, who she now deems as a true friend, was there to catch her fall before she hit the ground. But will Norman be there when Paige receives news that may not only push her off the edge, but cause her to jump willingly?
In More Than I Can Bear, not only when it rains does it pour, but there is lightening and plenty of thunder to go along with it. Will Paige drown in the storm she finds herself in with no umbrella, or will she catch hold of the life saver God extends to her?
Although born with it, it seems as though it takes a lifetime to discover beauty within one’s self. How does one even begin to define it? The simple appreciation of beauty is another feat in itself. It’s always been there waiting to be unearthed. Flower In My Hair is like being born again…into beauty. Be Introduced or reacquainted with self love.
BLESSEDselling Author E. N. Joy gifts her readers with her most personal and private thoughts. In the past, she’s used her gift of written word to create and develop a multitude of characters and situations. She’s allowed readers into the lives of various colorful individuals, all of which, if pieced together, would ultimately make up her life.
In Flower In My Hair, E. N. Joy doesn’t hide behind any made up character as she shares with readers the most intimate parts of her being.
Be enchanted by this Fairy tale for children of all ages. Journey with Sabella deep into the forest as she seeks out the only person that she believes holds the key to her and her mother’s happiness after her father disappears in the forest. Enjoy this adventurous story as the hidden li'l life lesson unfolds.
Helen wasn’t just born the devious vixen of New Day Temple of Faith. There had to be something rooted deep within her to make her inflict and feed off of other people’s pain. Perhaps it was her own pain that she had suppressed for so many years-an unimaginable pain-that created an internal prison of which her mind was the only captive. But once the demons within her break free, those around her better beware, as Helen surely becomes the epitome of the saying, “Hurt people, hurt people.”
In I Ain’t Me No More, Helen has no shame displaying that she hasn’t been saved all her life. Will the divas of New Day Temple of Faith think Helen’s worth saving? But more importantly, can God save Helen from not only her evil past; can He save her from herself?
Three prolific Urban Christian authors have teamed up in this anthology that proves revenge isn’t always so sweet. Musik Jalice Carter begins to doubt her husband’s love for her when she uncovers secrets on his social networking page. Sabrina Rogers is devastated when she finds out that the man of her dreams has another woman. She’s mortified when she discovers it’s her mother! Where do broken hearts go? If you’re Tamera Watson, you go to the pawn shop to buy a gun. Tamera’s husband is gone and so is her life savings. With the last of her pennies, she pays a private detective to hunt him down—so she can gun him down.
Author: N. Joy Format: Ebook Publication Date: December 2012 In book one of the Soul Sisters series, Operation Get Rid of Mom’s New Boyfriend,Tocara, Alanta and Eva Soul are three hip sisters all attending the same school. These three girls have never agreed upon anything, not even the day of the week. But when Bo Heart, their mother’s new boyfriend, comes into the picture after years of it being just the sisters and their mother, the girls can finally agree upon one thing: that they need to get rid of Mom’s new boyfriend!
What kind of woman wants a man so badly that she’d be willing to lie to get him? What if that lie includes denying the fact that she has a child?
Deborah Lewis is that woman. The suave debonair Lynox Chase is the man Deborah wants. He’s the man Deborah has wanted for years, almost had, but decided to give her ex a try, leaving Lynox hanging. With her ex no longer in the picture, Deborah is willing to eat crow and go claim Lynox. She can’t help but worry if he will be forgiving and take her back, but figures after two years, he’s had time to get over it.
The chase turns into more of a marathon for Deborah. Just when she thinks she’s near the finish line, she learns that a woman with kids is a turn-off for Lynox. She finds this out before ever getting the chance to tell Lynox that she had a child by her ex. Can Deborah turn off being a mother just long enough to get Lynox to fall in love with her again?
Without Mother Doreen, there never would have been a New Day Temple of Faith Singles’ Ministry. So it’s bitter-sweet for the single saints she’s leaving behind to see her go. Having thought she’d never love again after the death of the only man she’d ever been with in her entire life, when Mother Doreen is proposed to by a pastor from her home town, she can’t imagine turning down a gift from God.
Although excited about where destiny is taking her, Mother Doreen is a little nervous embarking on her new role as a pastor’s wife. But all agree that Mother Doreen is going to make the perfect First Lady. After all, no one has known her to be anything other than a perfect Christian. But before vows can even be exchanged, Mother Doreen’s imperfect past comes back to shatter everyone’s thoughts about her. And it’s going to take God, Mother Doreen facing her past, and the support of all the single ladies for this fairytale wedding to go down. Otherwise, Mother Doreen’s happily ever after might quickly turn into a sadly never ever.
Out of all the divas at New Day Temple of Faith, Unique has to be the most colorful one–she and her mother Lorain, that is. Never one to hold her tongue in the name of keepin’ it real, it’s no surprise that Unique has not been saved all her life. It’s safe to say that Lorain wasn’t born on the church pew either. Let the church folk tell it, the apple hasn’t fallen too far from the tree when it comes to Unique.
Lorain–once known as the tight skirt, V-neck blouse, too much makeup-wearing leader of the New Day Singles Ministry–claims she’s there to look out for her daughter and try to keep her in check. But how in the world does Lorain think she can even begin to keep her daughter on the straight and narrow with her own crooked life?
Some might say Lorain has failed miserably as a mother when Unique ends up in jail for three counts of murder. One who would agree is the woman who raised Unique while Lorain was out living her life freely. As an all-out war takes place between Unique’s birth mother and the woman who raised her, will Unique have any support while she fights for her life behind bars? Will all forsake her while they are too busy with their own agendas? Only God holds the answer to this one.
Author: Edited by E. N. Joy featuring Karen Williams, Brandi Johnson, Iniko and Kiki Swinson Format: Ebook Publication Date: July 2011
Featuring Essence Magazine Bestselling author Karen Williams, along with Brandi Johnson and Iniko, this book will have readers consumed with emotion. But before it all even begins, National Bestselling author, Kiki Swinson, holds no punches in her introduction to what is sure to be the journey of a lifetime.
Edited by award winning author E. N. Joy, Even Sinners Still Have Souls hits readers hard in the gut with its twisted, edge of the seat storylines and plots. The characters draw the readers into their, often times, strange and distorted worlds. With conflict and tension so high, the reader is almost forced to mentally endure the same daily struggles as some of the characters.
Even Sinners Still Have Souls goes beyond the typical love, power and respect. It branches off into a new dimension as characters try to go from just living the hood life, to living the good life. It’s one of those few books sure to leave an imprint in the reader’s mind, footsteps on their soul and a message in their heart.
E.N. Joy brings readers back into the lives of the DIVAS—the divine, independent, virtuous, and animated sisters of New Day Temple of Faith—in this fast-paced drama.
Lorain is back from her sabbatical, and although God didn’t reveal to her all that she wanted regarding her past, she refuses to just let things be. When all the pieces of the puzzle come together, just how many lives will be damaged, and how many will be restored?
The survivor of one of the most horrific experiences a person could ever endure, it appeared as though Sister Nita, as leader of New Day’s Janitorial Ministry, was hiding behind a mop and a broom. When her spirit discerns a cover-up amongst a couple of New Day’s members, will she turn a blind eye and mind her own business, or will she finally begin to operate in her true calling?
Mother Doreen knows who she is and whose she is—a child of the King on assignment doing Kingdom work. When the plot thickens to a story on which she thought God had closed the book, will she forget who she is and what she was called to do?
The New Day Divas series, known as a soap opera in print, is full of chance, coincidence, and fate, but more importantly, it’s full of faith.
“While half the women in the neighborhood got dressed up in their Sunday’s best to go worship an invisible man, the real live men of flesh they laid down with every night was giving my mother praise. And although they weren’t putting ten percent of their earnings in some shiny collection plate, they were doing pretty good filling up my mom’s Crowne Royal bag that laid on her nightstand, next to her bed.”
Ordained By The Streets introduces you to Poppa, or rather, Poppa introduces you to himself. A self-proclaimed street preacher, Poppa’s credentials and credibility don’t come from the church house or a preacher man; it comes straight from where it counts…the streets.
More than eyes have seen or ears have heard, Poppa never becomes jaded by the lives and stories he encounters in his position on the streets. In this urban tract, Poppa encounters a girl whose mind he sets out to manipulate. After all, that’s what he does. But in this girl, Poppa just might have met his match.
When this girl bares her soul to Poppa with details of her life, he has no idea just how much her story is going to change his life…forever.
The singles ministry at New Day Temple of Faith is beginning to unravel, and the pastor is considering dissolving the ministry. Some members believe the only way to hold it together is by getting their pastor to join. And why shouldn’t their leader show support by joining, considering the pastor’s own single status? Some church members support the idea, while others frown upon the fact that they are being led by a shepherd who is single in the first place. It becomes an all-out war, with one side wanting the pastor to embrace singlehood, while others secretly play matchmaker.
Marriage has been the furthest thing from the pastor’s mind, not because there hasn’t been an opportunity, but because there really hasn’t been time. With a needy congregation facing trials and tribulations, Pastor has no time to play the dating game. Being a pastor on call twenty-four seven, who has time for a serious relationship period, other than the one with God? Eventually, decisions have to be made around New Day. Will these decisions mend the ministry or destroy the church?
Now that Deborah has finally let go of the past that has haunted her for so many years, is she ready to grab a hold of love? The handsome Lynox Chase certainly hopes so, as he tries everything to win Deborah’s heart. But even with believing in her heart that Lynox is the husband God has for her, there still seems to be something separating the two…or someone.
The ringing of the wedding bells between Paige and Blake can still be heard echoing, but will the roar of temptation rear its ugly head when Paige begins to find comfort in the most least expected old friend?
Just when it appears as though Tamarra has gotten the victory over one trial, here comes an even bigger tribulation on its tail. Will trying to plan a wedding with Maeyl while continuing to throw dirt on her biggest family secret yet take her to the breaking point?
This is just a text box widget so you can type whatever you want and it will automatically appear here. Pretty cool, huh?
Late season, traditional, English hard cider apple variety that produces bittersweet juice. Pick mid November.
"Like" us on Facebook to receive seasonal updates. 1830 Scott Road, Denman Island, V0R 1T0 (250) 335 1551
GOOD GOD Tekniq don't ****ing post 7 megabyte bitmaps to a damn forum especially when they're hosted off some ass piece of **** server!!! Goddamn!
According to Bad CRC. this type of thread has come about before. I have never witnessed it and was wondering what the hell it means??? Please tell me. Me wants in on the joke too.
But those are some l33t editing skillz. Im in awe of them... Especially Ron Jeremy, just cuz he is cool. And also the one of the chinese restaurant and the neon lights. thats sweet.
PS: And, yes... i WILL be getting a T-Shirt printed... and i'll encourage all the Tribers i know to get one too....
OFF THE WALL - Hi everyone!! Finally, I'm back!!!!!!!!!!! I miss my blog so much (*teary-eyed) It's been a year since my last post here. I got to visit my blog and brows...
I have never been penetrated before mistress but would allow you to do whatever you wanted with my pathetic white body :)
is a mature sexy, black, confident, self absorbed woman who is proud to embrace her sexuality and talk about it.
I'm not a professional Domme. Gone that route but found it to not be as satisfying as a true connect with an owned slave. The key to a good D's relationship is trust and creativity. How do you develop trust in a 1-2 hour session. YOU CAN"T!! If you feel this is the relationship you seek CONTACT ME
I was commissioned to direct and animate for the North Face Speaker Series, to make a short intro film projected onto a back wall on the Teatro dell' Arte, inside La Triennale museum in Milan.
You can expect a wide range of EQAs (External Quality Assessments). These cover the majority of tests performed in pathology laboratories. We provide as much support as possible including making available the necessary educational material such as:
Most of our results come to us electronically and most of our laboratories receive their reports by email.
EQAs start at various times throughout the year. This allows for a cost-effective spread of cash flow. In addition, extra samples are usually available, at no extra charge, for laboratories wanting to retest "poor" results.
I have two Fuji X-T1 camera bodies. They are lightweight, compact and provide super results. I use a battery grip on one body.
I useh 3 Fujinon lenses. These are zoom lenses and cover wide angle to telephoto capabilities. I enjoy making photos with long lenses, making the Fujinon XF55-200mm is one of my favorites.
I get sharp photos using a Gitzo carbon fiber tripod and the Really Right Stuff BH-55 ball head. This combination is very stable and lightweight to carry.
I started using Really Right Stuff years ago and all of my camera gear has a RRS L bracket. This allows me to quickly switch between landscape and portrait mode.
There are two filters that can’t be replaced by post processing software. The polarizing filter removes reflections and glare. The neutral density filter allows for longer exposures.
I started using Apple Mac computers a couple of years ago. I’ve used Windows based PC’s for over 20 years but at home my Mac’s haven’t let me down. I also use Wacom tablets for both my Mac’s. Using a tablet provides a natural feel when using Lightroom or Photoshop.
An English stone fireplace in a grey York stone. The plain jambs and frieze with carved end blockings. Plain shelf above. Currently unrestored. Price includes full restoration to level required. 19th century.
T: + 44 (0) 208 949 4757 E: [email protected] Wellington Crescent, New Malden, Greater London, KT3 3NE
One Bedroom Apartment Designs One Bedroom Apartment Design Inspired Home Interior Design Set is one of best design ideas of the years. The One Bedroom Apartment Designs One Bedroom Apartment Design Inspired Home Interior Design Set has been created with briliant ideas, beautiful combined colors and follow trend of modern home architecture, so the One Bedroom Apartment Designs One Bedroom Apartment Design Inspired Home Interior Design Set will give you the real of home designs and interior decorating characteristic.
Random attachment One Bedroom Apartment Designs One Bedroom Apartment Design Inspired Home Interior Design Set
We are announcing “WORLD NEONATAL, PEDIATRICS AND FAMILY MEDICINE CONFERENCE 2019” going to be held during March 21-22, 2019 at Dubai, UAE with the innovative theme “Leading medicati...
Tags: (FM) Family Healthcare Neonatology Nursing Paediatric Pediatrics Primary Surgery care medicine
Tags: (FM) Care Family Healthcare Immunization Neonatology Nursing Paediatric Pediatrics Primary Primary Surgery care medicine
The 13th edition of IMCAS Asia, taking place from July 5 to 7, 2019 at the Westin Resort in Bali, Indonesia, brings together prominent dermatologists, plastic surgeons and aesthetic practitioners from...
Skills for Employability and Careers. The International Congress on Vocational and Professional Education and Training offers a platform for the players in ...
Over 400 participants discussed the future of vocational education and training (VET) at a conference organised jointly by Cedefop and the European Commission as the ...
An Anglo-saxon professional vocational training school, Industry certifications, British Diplomas and MINEFOP qualifications
Our Church was well represented with 16 people attending! Abby Johnson shared her testimony of how God touched and changed her heart from Pro-Choice to Pro-Life.
The CPIT is a pension fund established in 1970 in Geneva by conference interpreters and translators. It is a foundation in Swiss law and is managed by the Foundation Council, which is made up of at least five translators and interpreters who are members of the International Association of Conference Translators (AITC) or the International Association of Conference Interpreters (AIIC).
The CPIT’s purpose is to enable freelance translators and interpreters who work, for example, for the international organizations to obtain social security coverage (retirement, disability and lump-sum death benefits). Translators and interpreters who are officials of intergovernmental organizations are also eligible to join.
The Foundation Council delegates all administrative, accounting and secretarial tasks to Swiss Life Pension Services SA, an international firm specialized in pension fund management. The CPIT’s portfolio is managed by two specialized Swiss banks (Pictet et UBS), under the supervision of the Foundation Council.
On this website, you’ll find the CPIT Statutes and Regulations, an introduction to the CPIT in 5 easy steps, and answers to frequently asked questions from members and future members. If you wish to become a member, download the Membership Agreement under Join us, or contact the secretariat.
When attending a visitation or funeral, you might find yourself uncertain of what you should wear, what to say, or what to do. We've put together a short guide to the basics of funeral home etiquette to help you pay your respects with courtesy and consideration.
Try to find out the dress code before you attend, so that you can be sure you'll fit in and look appropriate. If you aren't sure, simply try to dress in a conservative way that shows respect for the family and other mourners. This doesn't necessarily mean you must wear black (in fact, some families specify "no black" for their services), but try to avoid overly bright colors. For men, a suit and a conservative tie is usually a safe bet. Women should generally wear a conservative dress, skirt, or pants with a tasteful blouse.
Traditions and customs differ among various communities, ethnic groups and religions, and it's often helpful to ask beforehand about any special considerations you need to take into account. We can answer many of your questions, and can also point you toward resources that offer specific and detailed guides.
A funeral is an emotional time, and grieving is a natural part of the healing process. Don't feel uncomfortable if you or the bereaved begins to cry. However, if you find yourself becoming extremely upset, it is kinder to excuse yourself to avoid increasing the strain on the family.
Upon arrival, approach the family and express your sympathy with an embrace or by offering your hands. Don't feel that you should avoid talking about the person who has died...in fact, talking can help the grieving process to begin.
Express your sympathy in your own words, however it feels right to you. Kind words about the loved one who has passed are always appropriate, and a simple "I'm sorry for your loss" or "My thoughts and prayers are with you" can be meaningful and comforting for the bereaved.
Don't ask the cause of death; if the family wants to discuss it, let them bring it up. Avoid giving unsolicited advice, or making comments that might unintentionally diminish the importance of the loss, such as "I've been through this before."
At a service with an open casket, it's customary to show your respect by viewing the deceased and, if you wish, spending a few moments in silent prayer. The family may escort you to the casket, or you might approach on your own. Viewing the deceased is not mandatory, however, and you should act according to what is comfortable to you.
After you've offered your condolences to the family, it's perfectly appropriate to engage in quiet conversation with friends and other associates of the deceased who attend the visitation. Don't feel that you have to stay longer than you feel comfortable; your presence means a lot to the family, no matter how long or short the visit.
Be sure to add yourself to the register book, using your full name so that the family can identify you in the future. It's also helpful to add information about how you knew the deceased-through work, social clubs, school, etc.
Sending flowers, making a donation, or giving a memorial gift are all meaningful gestures to let the bereaved know that they are in your thoughts. The simplest of tributes can be of great comfort to the family, and can express your sympathy when words just aren't enough.
This one should go without saying. If you choose to bring your phone into the funeral home, take a moment to make sure you've turned it off.
Presented is a 1951 Bowman Baseball near set of (322/324) cards. The overall approximate condition breakdown is as follows: 10% (VG or better), 30% (GD), 20% (FR) and 40% (FR) with nearly 40% displaying a combination of wear including paper loss, pin holes, tape residue, trimming or writing. Highlights include: #1 Ford RC (PR), #2 Berra (PR, pin holes), #3 Roberts (GD), #10 Schoendienst (GD), #26 Rizzuto (PR, reverse residue), #31 Campanella (trimmed), #32 Snider (FR), #62 Boudreau (GD), #151 Doby (VG), #165 T. Williams (PR, reverse paper loss), #232 Fox RC (PR, reverse paper loss) and #295 Lopez (VG). Missing only #253 Mantle RC and #305 Mays RC for completion. More on our website.
I'm experiencing 2 issues with the artist functionnality. When I click on the "Artist" icon on the toolbar, I get a blank page and the search functionnality is not returning anything and I don't see the letters neither.
Also when I'm on an artist page (with the album listed). If I click on "Artist" I get only the "Artist TopTrack". The log doesn't show any error.
The behavior described above happens if I select the "All folders" from the dropdown (I have 2 media folders enabled).
The other problem (Artist link under the artist image) is fixed when I select a specific Media folder (I see Artist Top Tags, Last.fm summary, Similar artists, etc).
Discussing about advanced video encoding techniques including GPU encoding, distributive encoding and segmental encoding. Topics are not limited to MediaCoder.
How can I improve the bitrate? H265 permits to half the size of the file, with the same quality... But with 600MByte/file I get worse quality.
Now by try and error you can set the settings in that window and, then start encoding and observe the commands in console window. Specifically parameters of those commands do matter.
I played with this tool for only 3 hours so far and I experience the same problem like you. I had some success in first 10 minutes but then after playing with the settings it all got to the same LQ file output no matter what I choose for that H265 and NVENC.
Cannot force better quality with Nvenc and Two pass/VBR expecially with gray background I have extreme unwanted compression.
The only solution for me it's to set constant QP... even wit an extreme VBR quality i have the same blocky gray area as shown in the image I posted (left side)
So excited to get my first day done at the Studio! Ready to get this party started ;) RIGHT! Read More >>
Unlike other chatting sites, our live chatting website is totally free to use and does not require any registration or login.
There are lots of way to find the strangers online and Talk to Strangers is a great way to connect with people around the world. This type of site was new for me to talk to random strangers.
I started searching for this I find a lot of new sites for random people online with same features and may even be using the same technology.
Browse through all of them and choose the right one for you. If you prefer to have one on one random live video (webcam) and audio chats with strangers, please go to our Cam Chat For our friends using Smartphone and tablets, you can interact through our software by visiting the Mobile chatroom above.
All of our chat rooms are staffed with online moderators to keep your visit clean, safe, relaxing and fun. We respect everyones privacy and that is of major importance to us.
Styx - That thin line between up and down. Never designed by you, always cause of others' decisions.
ALMONT — The Almont football team begins what they hope will be a lengthy postseason run this Friday when it entertains Lake Fenton in a Division 5, Region 4, District 2 opening round playoff game.
It marks the second straight season Almont has qualified for the playoffs. A year ago, Almont dropped an 18-0 opening round road verdict to Madison Heights Madison, the eventual state runnerup.
"We don't want it to be one and done," Almont Coach Jeremy Ferman said. "Our team would like to at least make it to week two," he emphasized.
Heading in to Sunday's selection show which was televised on FSN, Ferman made out a list of possible playoff foes his team could face.
"We thought if we headed north we would either go up against Millington or Montrose at home," Ferman said. "Another possibility is we could wind up going up against teams to the south and west of us which would mean that we might host either Macomb Lutheran North or Lake Fenton," he noted.
"Then the announcement was made that we were going to meet Lake Fenton at home. Our suspicions wound up being correct after all."
Lake Fenton, the Genesee Area Conference Red Division champion, enters the contest coming off a 38-18 road win against Imlay City.
Prior to that, Lake Fenton took seven out of eight clashes. That run included an 18-0 victory over Wyoming Kelloggsville; a 24-16 triumph against Montrose; a 22-12 win over Clawson; a 40-6 victory over Lakeville; a 52-14 triumph against Flint Northwestern; a 24-22 win over Durand; a 37-22 loss to Mount Morris; and a 12-7 victory against Goodrich.
Almont, the Blue Water Area Conference champion, heads in to the battle coming off a 23-12 win against Cass City.
Prior to that, Almont had claimed a 27-0 victory over Lakeville; a 21-17 triumph against Yale; a 55-26 win over Algonac; a 29-9 victory against Cros-Lex; a 45-7 triumph over Imlay City; a 40-27 win against Armada; a 53-26 victory over Capac; and a 28-14 triumph against Richmond. That left the Raiders holding a spotless 9-0 mark when the regular season drew to a close.
"Our teams are mirror images of each other," Ferman said. "They know what we can do and we know what works well for them," he noted.
Ferman has Steve Brohl (quarterback), Mark Mersino (runningback), Addam Wierbicki (runningback), Eric Mann (runningback), Brian Thomas (tight end), Neal Zott (split end), Andy Grant (tackle), Gabe Farrugia (tackle), Ben Strouse (guard), Chris Creger (guard) and Chris Lansky (center) penciled in as his likely offensive starters.
On the opposite side of the football, Ferman intends to go with Thomas (end), Farrugia (end), Jeff Simian (tackle), Dillon Melly (tackle), Steve Mack (linebacker), Mike Owen (linebacker), Steve McClure (linebacker), Ethan Coucke (linebacker), Andy Schoen (back), Paul Parzynski (back) and Zott (back) as his starting group.
The winner of this Friday's clash moves on to the district championship where they will meet the survivor of a game between second-ranked Madison Heights Madison (9-0) and Macomb Lutheran North.
Sports Editor, Kevin Kissane has been covering sports for the Tri-City Times for over 20 years and is one of the most recognizable personalities in the area. Kevin when not covering anything from little league baseball to football, or softball to basketball, can be found on the links playing his favorite sport, golf.
Start Date Mon Nov 12 Tue Nov 13 Wed Nov 14 Thu Nov 15 Fri Nov 16 Sat Nov 17 Sun Nov 18 Mon Nov 19 Tue Nov 20 Wed Nov 21 Thu Nov 22 Fri Nov 23 Sat Nov 24 Sun Nov 25 Mon Nov 26 Tue Nov 27 Wed Nov 28 Thu Nov 29 Fri Nov 30 Sat Dec 01 Sun Dec 02 Mon Dec 03 Tue Dec 04 Wed Dec 05 Thu Dec 06 Fri Dec 07 Sat Dec 08 Sun Dec 09 Mon Dec 10 Tue Dec 11 Wed Dec 12 Thu Dec 13 Fri Dec 14 Sat Dec 15 Sun Dec 16 Mon Dec 17 Tue Dec 18 Wed Dec 19 Thu Dec 20 Fri Dec 21 Sat Dec 22
End Date Mon Nov 12 Tue Nov 13 Wed Nov 14 Thu Nov 15 Fri Nov 16 Sat Nov 17 Sun Nov 18 Mon Nov 19 Tue Nov 20 Wed Nov 21 Thu Nov 22 Fri Nov 23 Sat Nov 24 Sun Nov 25 Mon Nov 26 Tue Nov 27 Wed Nov 28 Thu Nov 29 Fri Nov 30 Sat Dec 01 Sun Dec 02 Mon Dec 03 Tue Dec 04 Wed Dec 05 Thu Dec 06 Fri Dec 07 Sat Dec 08 Sun Dec 09 Mon Dec 10 Tue Dec 11 Wed Dec 12 Thu Dec 13 Fri Dec 14 Sat Dec 15 Sun Dec 16 Mon Dec 17 Tue Dec 18 Wed Dec 19 Thu Dec 20 Fri Dec 21 Sat Dec 22
Hosting a haunted house, yard display, corn maze, pumpkin farm or any other Halloween-related event share your event information here
If you don't see info for your town check back soon. We will be adding to this list as we get closer to Halloween.
This website helps you find halloween trick or treat dates and times for your town. Similiar to Wikipedia you can help by posting information for your town. It's easy and no user account is necessary!
If you have a commercial haunted house, home haunt, yard display, corn maze, pumpkin farm or any other Halloween-related event, use this form to share your event information!
CARF International accreditation demonstrates a program’s quality, transparency, and commitment to the satisfaction of the persons served. CARF International is an independent, nonprofit accreditor of health and human services. Toll free (888) 281-6531.
Helfahrt (translated "the journey to Helheim and the land of the dead) stands for atmospheric but agressive Black Metal/Pagan Metal in the vein of the 90ies, combined with a portion of grooving Rockn..Roll as well as atmosphere and melancholy. The contents and lyrics of the five ambitioned musicians from Munich, are basically about desperation, sorrow, death, life as well as a metaphorical view upon the germanic mythology and customs of the cultures of the alps. In January 2009 the band wa …[more]
On 26 February the german band TARABAS released their second CD. With their combination of melodic Pagan / Death, and her love for traditional Heavy Metal, inviting this new work called "The New Land" for a journey to a bygone day. Again the songs tell stories of old times, without dipping into the typical themes of Norse mythology and other pagan stories. Tarabas have created their own harsh world - a music album on which the term "metal" is still praised as he once was an …[more]
Country: Singapore | 1538 times viewed | 8 more picture(s) of this species available © Harrie Sipman
***This edition of Microsoft Office can only be activated with a .edu email address to be verified by Microsoft.
Eligibility: Full and part time, enrolled university and college students and faculty in accredited institutions. Alumni of these institutions are ineligible.
Province -- Select Province -- Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Territory
Crisp, dark output from first print to last. Adds a professional touch to any document. Economical single-use cartridge -- when empty, return it to Lexmark� for recycling. This cartridge generates optimum print quality. Quick to install, easy to clean, and simple to replace.
Copyright © 2018 Acrodex, Inc. All rights reserved. 55 East Beaver Creek Rd. Unit G, Richmond Hill, ON, Canada, L4B 1E5
TigerDirect Canada is not responsible for typographical or photographic errors. Prices and specifications are subject to change without notice.
†† Coupons cannot be combined with any other coupon, offer, sale or discount. Coupons are not applicable to prior orders. Coupons are subject to change without notice. One coupon redeemable per item per customer. Not redeemable for cash. Limited to stock on hand. (ANY OTHER USE CONSTITUTES FRAUD)
TigerDirect, TigerDirect Canada and TigerDirect.ca are registered trademarks of Acrodex. All other trademarks and copyrights are the property of their respective owners. Some images used herein were obtained from Jupiterimages Corporation. ©2008 Jupiterimages Corporation.
6 msgs/month. Msg & Data rates may apply. Reply STOP to cancel. Reply HELP for help. Consent is not a condition of purchasing a good or service. More info
Data Products logos are registered trademarks of Data Products. All others trademarks and copyrights mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.
At Vitacost when you sign up with this invitation link you'll be emailed a $10 off code! I received mine within 5 minutes. I bought 16 oz Organic Peanut Butter and 10 oz. Organic Fruit Spread. All I had to pay was $4.99 in shipping! There are tons of products to choose from and the $10 will cover everything except shipping which is a flat rate of $4.99.
If there are certain products you like to buy organic this is a great deal!! After you sign up, share this deal with your friends and when they make an order you will get a $10 credit!! You can share on Facebook, Twitter, Email..etc.
I LOVE fries! I would make them more but it seems like a hassle when I'm trying to get dinner ready, kids are screaming, and I'm trying to dodge cheerios on the floor.
Then along came freezer fries and my life is far richer (lol)....not the ones you buy at the store that kinda look potato-like, but the real things. They are also MUCH cheaper. So instead of letting your potatoes sit around, and hoping that you remember to use them, you can make fries....yum....
After baking, let them cool on paper or dish towels Put in freezer on sheet (I have a small freezer so I used pie tins) Let them freeze solid (ab…
Gardner Village is a local treasure. If you've never found your way down there, October is the month to do it! The shop owners love Halloween! The village becomes a witch village and many times, shop owners will even dress up. On my most recent trip to Gardner Village, I stopped in at Country Furniture & Gifts which is a store very ready for Halloween.
The store is located in part of the old restored flour mill built in 1877 by Archibald Gardner in West Jordan, Utah. The store is very family oriented and houses many built-to-last items such as dining room tables, sofas, beds and chairs. They are also famous for their rug room where many of their rugs are still USA made. As they say, "A rug makes a huge impact for a minimum investment to any room."
The home accessories and giftware are amazing! They have all sorts of decor for all sorts of personalities. Please be sure to pay them a visit. It's worth it!
If you have access to an apricot tree I highly suggest making fruit leather. This was my first time attempting any kind of dried fruit and it turned out heavenly!
Plus my house smelled great all day!! And if you read a recent post you can see why that would be needed...lol
针对今年的东莞月饼市场，记者进行了走访了解，为你奉上最新鲜的月饼潮流趋势，传统的粤式双黄白莲蓉月饼因怀旧情感和口感熟悉度优势成为颇受市民欢迎的月饼主流，而各种迎合个性化需求创新制作的新式月饼也颇受年轻消费群体的喜爱，演绎着各自不同的精彩。
I made this cute little notepad out of a file folder for a future swap I am in. I love making these because they are so cute and so functional, as inside, there is a 4x6 pad of paper, perfect for making grocery lists. There's also a pocket on the left panel, which is perfect for including coupons or housing the recipes for the next week. I love how this one turned out and I hope my parnter will too!
The designer paper is Bittersweet by Basic Grey, and this was perfect because I knew I wanted my project to be pink and brown (starting to become one of my favorite color combinations!). I used Chef Tilda and the Rolling Pin by Magnolia and used copics to color them both. I added stickles to the trim of her hat and dress. I used my Spellbinders, Prima roses, and pink bling by Queen. I also used a magnetic disk by Basic Grey to keep my project closed (I LOVE these things!) Here's a close-up of Tilda:
Finally, here is a picture of the inside of the notebook, with the pocket on the left and the pad of paper on the right. I hope you like it!
oh this is just so super sweet,love the wee tilda,many thanks for playing at the pixie cottage this,week,hugs cheryl xxxxxxx
This is a marvelous project. What a wonderful gift for someone. Thanks for joining us at I Did It Creations.
What a great and clever idea! i think I have to make one now too! LOL- Thanks for playing at Totallt tilda! xox Trisha
How darling is this?!! I need to make one so I can get organized!! I love the way you have a spot for the paper and pockets to keep other important papers in!! Thanks for taking on our die cut challenge at Frosted Designs this week!!
OH Now lok at just how clever you are!!! This is very very cute!! Thanks for joining us at the Mag High Lites Challenge blog..
Welcome to my corner of the world, where I hope to share many of my creations. I'm new to all of this, so please be patient! Feel free to browse around and leave me lots of comments!!!
I'm a recent Grad School graduate, just trying to find my place in the world. I love scrapbooking and have found many wonderful friends as a result of my addiction/obsession!
Thank you for visiting our new Internet site. Once completed, this site will enable us to keep you informed and up-to-date and allow you to stay in touch with Daniels Art Glass.
At present, our web site is still under construction. We are making an effort to present you with our entire spectrum of offers as soon as possible. At this point we can provide you with basic contact information, but, keep checking, because this site will be wiz-bang with pictures etc. before you know it.
In the meantime you can reach us at (252) 224-1446 and by fax at the same number. We are looking forward to hearing from you. You can also contact us at our e-mail address: danielsartglass@hotmail.com.
If you are not familiar with our company and your first contact with us is online: We would be pleased to hear from you! Please let us know what your needs and questions are; we will be more than happy to help.
In brief, you should know the following about us: our company was established in 1999 after Rich retired from the U.S. Marine Corps and has been responsible for providing outstanding glass creations ever since. Our specialty is stained glass windows, panels and lamps etc., fused bowls and sinks, fused glass jewelry, framed fused "paintings," slumped and draped glass, and, as of a few years ago, original pottery. Our hottest product in the pottery category is our "Magnolias of the South" collection. Our business is located at 134 Main Street, Pollocksville, North Carolina (directly on Hwy 17).
China Gold Mining Equipment Gold Shaking Tables, Gold Separator, Find details about China Shaking Table, Shaking Tables from Gold Mining Equipment Gold Shaking Tables, Gold Separator - Shanghai Zenith Mining Order Reference FOB Price . Its overall production costs are much lower than 6-S shaking table.
High quality and high performance mineral separation shaking table. Shaking table is also called table concentrator, is the best gravity separation device for fine
China Zenith High Capacity Gold Separation Shaking Table with CE, Find details Get Latest Price . Tables are designed to wet gravity-based separation of minerals and other . Large Capacity Alluvial Gold Jig Separator with Low Price.
Sep 12, 2012 How a gold shaking table works and operates and separates by gravity it operation concentrates the heavy gold particles away from the low
china manufacturer This 911MPELY1050 laboratory gold shaker table has its inner deck made of aluminium alloy, The sand deck is efficient in separating high density from low density material with a difference of 1 SG unit, in the Fine light mineral plus coarse heavy mineral plus partly unlocked particles middling.
Jan 1, 1997 A series of mineral separation and gold recovery tests were carried out in the A simple, shaking table was designed and constructed of cheap materials that are of their tailings if it were available at an appropriate price.
Leading career development services into an uncertain future: Ensuring access, integration and innovation The symposium of 2019, … Read More
Protecting your privacy is very important to us. Barbara's and our online partner WorldPantry.com® will only use the information you share with us to process your orders and to enhance your shopping experience. We do not rent, trade, or sell your personal information to others. And, we respect your preferences in how we use it.
This Barbara's shopping site, powered by WorldPantry.com® (the “Site”), only sells to and ships to United States addresses and will not collect any personal data from users in the European Union. This WorldPantry.com® Privacy Policy is applicable only to United States consumers and only when they access and use this Site, and may not be applicable to transactions performed and information collected in other channels.
When you place an order, we ask for your name, e-mail and mailing addresses, credit card number and expiration date and the phone number of your shipping address. We need this information to process and fulfill your orders, and to notify you of your order status. We do not store your credit card information. It is passed through to our secure, third-party card processor and not retained by the Site.
When you request newsletters or reminder services, we ask for your e-mail address. Then we forward any information you request to your e-mail account. You may unsubscribe at any time by either using the link that will be on everything we send to you, or by contacting us.
When you post a customer review, we ask for your initials and e-mail address. However, you may choose whether to have your e-mail address displayed with your review. Just let us know.
When you enter one of our contests or promotions, we may ask for your name, phone number, e-mail and mailing addresses. We use this information to administer the contest and notify you if you win. Again, contests or promotions are only open to persons who reside in the United States.
If you have provided us with an e-mail address, we may use it occasionally to notify you about important changes to our web sites, new services, or special offers. If you prefer not to receive these updates, we respect your wishes. Simply contact us with your request. Make sure to let us know if you have given us more than one e-mail account.
The Site collects browser and device information (including IP address) and information collected through cookies and other similar technologies. For more information on how we use cookies, please see “Cookies” below.
We contract with other companies to provide certain services for us including: shipping, e-mail distribution, market research, name and address verification, promotions management and payment processing. We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services for us and work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected. These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than us.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to validly issued requests from public and government authorities; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
To provide you with improved services, we may use aggregated pools of data (without personal identifiers) for research and commercial purposes.
We may also provide aggregate statistics about our sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third parties, but these statistics are fully and permanently anonymized and do not include any personally identifiable information.
A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and is sometimes stored on your computer’s hard drive, although not always. Our Site uses cookies primarily for features available only to logged in users (and only users from the United States). For logged in users, our cookies contain unique numbers that allow our Site to recognize your computer if you come back to place another order. If you visit our Site from outside the US, session cookies will be deleted when you close your browser.
The “help” function on most browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies or to disable cookies entirely. However, if you do not accept cookies, you will not be able to use any feature that requires registration. Also see “How do I manage cookies?” below.
Our uses of cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies fall into the following general categories:
Operationally Necessary. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that are necessary to the operation of our Site. This includes technologies that allow you access to Site, that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security, or that allow you to make use of our functions such as shopping cart, saved search, or similar functions;
Performance-Related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies to assess the performance of our Site, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use our Site, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve our Site;
Functionality-Related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Site. This may include identifying you when you sign into our sites or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our sites;
Advertising or Targeting-Related. We may use first-party or third-party cookies and web beacons to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Site [or on third party sites]. This includes using technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that has been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement.
You may refuse or accept cookies from the Site at any time by activating settings on your browser. Information about the procedure to follow in order to enable or disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider’s website via your help screen. You may wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/ for information on commonly used browsers. Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, not all features of the Site may operate as intended. You can adjust your cookie preferences by adjusting your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. The Help function within your browser should explain how to do this. Alternatively, you may visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org to obtain detailed information on how to prevent cookies from being set on your particular browser.
WorldPantry.com shares the information provided on this Site with Barbara's as part of our agreement with Barbara's to provide this shopping experience to you. Barbara's is responsible for the management of your information and pursuant to our agreement, is the owner of the information collected on this Site.
We contract with other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and share your information with some of them to help maintain this Site or provide other services, such as processing credit card payments, engaging technical support for our Site, or performing analysis related to our Site. When we share information in this way, we require the agent or service provider to use the information solely for providing us with services and to maintain the privacy, confidentiality and security of your information.
The Site permits you to link to other websites on the Internet through direct links or through applications such as “share” or “like” buttons, and other websites likewise may contain links to the Site. The information practices or content of such other websites is governed by the privacy statements of those websites and not by this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policies found on such other websites, services, and applications to understand how your information is collected and used by them.
We may disclose your information to third parties a) under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to validly issued requests from public and government authorities; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
In order to place your orders and access your account information, you will need to sign in to our secure server. The Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software encrypts all the information you provide before it is sent to us.
We do not sell or trade your personal information to advertisers, marketers, or anyone else without your consent.
We will not release any information on you to anyone without your consent, except as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy to meet legal obligations.
We provide a high level of security for our computer systems, databases, and networks to protect all customer information in our systems.
While we take reasonable steps to secure your information from loss, misuse, interference and unauthorized access, modification and disclosure, you should be aware no security procedures or protocols are ever guaranteed to be 100% secure from intrusion or hacking, and there is therefore always some risk assumed by sharing information online. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of your account has been compromised), please immediately notify us.
Barbara's and WorldPantry.com may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. The ‘Last Updated” legend at the top indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy to the Site, so you should check back from time to time.
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are California resident and want a copy of this notice, please submit an e-mail request. In your request, please specify that you want a “Your Barbara's/WorldPantry.com California Privacy Rights Notice.” Please allow 30 days for a response.
The Site does not currently recognize and process “do not track” signals from different web browsers. For more information on “do not track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.org.
We value your business and any concerns you have are important to us. If you have further questions about your privacy, please contact us.
ChemicalStore.com serves hobbyists, students, schools, andindustries with the best chemicals at the best price.
ChemicalStore.com's safe and fast online shopping cart providesyou the easiest way of shopping for chemicals.
Mix baking powder and flour, add one cup at a time, mixing after each addition. The dough will be very stiff; blend last flour in by hand (if dough becomes too stiff, add water, a teaspoon at a time).
On a floured surface, roll each ball into a circle approximately 12 inches in diameter and 1/8 in. thick. Dip cutters in flour before each use.
NOTE: Dough can be tinted with icing color. Add small amounts until desired color is reached. For chocolate cookies; Stir in 3 ounces melted, unsweetened baking chocolate.
To make this recipe Gluten-Free: I use the same recipe when making these gluten-free. I replace the All-purpose flour with the Better Than Cup for Cup Blend. You can find this recipe at www.glutenfreeonashoestring.com.
To ensure that all nooks and crannies are dry, place the cookie cutters (rolled edge on top) on a clean baking sheet in a warm, turned-off oven for a few minutes.
Florida_Gators_Solar_Feeder http://images.fanatics.com/lf http://dmimages.ff.p10/chains/2691877.txt false We are unable to customize this item with the text you have entered. Please try a different entry again. Your current entry cannot be processed due to guidelines for past and present player names. Please create a new entry.
We at Denton Designs strive to be your communications partner. We can provide innovative, timely and effective marketing support. Services include Web and print design, photography and video production.
Denton Designs is a partnership resulting from an editor and an artist wanting to move home to rural America and raise their family after nearly 10 years in the city.
Combined, we have more than 16 years of Web experience. Agriculture is our specialty. We understand the livestock and farming industry because that's our background, our life.
Angie is a graduate of Kansas State University with a bachelor's degree in agricultural journalism and a minor in animal science.
She grew up on her family's Hereford ranch in northeast Kansas and was secretary of the National Polled Hereford Council. She was active in 4-H and FFA and served as a state FFA officer. In 1995, she received the prestigious Livestock Publications Council (LPC) Forrest Bassford Award.
In addition to marketing Denton Designs services, Angie serves as editor of the Hereford World. She oversees the editorial content of the monthly publication including writing and editing. She joined the Hereford staff in October 2004 after nine years with Angus Productions Inc. (API).
Angie joined the API staff as assistant editor and was promoted to associate editor. In 1999, she accepted the challenge to lead the newly developed Web Marketing Department. Under Angie’s direction the Web Marketing staff grew to five employees serving more than 300 customers.
Her responsibilities included supervising the staff and managing the departmental budget process and billing, developing marketing plans for API online services and attracting new customers. She was responsible for researching, developing and implementing new online services. Angie traveled nationwide to lead workshops about Web marketing opportunities and worked to develop and maintain relationships with corporate sponsors for online projects. She oversaw API’s three flagship Web sites: AngusPhotos.com, the Angus e-List e-mail news & advertising service and Angus e-Classifieds. She also gained extensive knowledge of digital photography as well as audio recording & editing.
John is a graduate of Kansas State University with a bachelor of fine arts degree concentrating in graphic design. K-State’s College of Arts & Science named John their 1996 Graphic Designer of the Year.
From 2000-2004, John was employed at Rapid Solutions Group as an Art Director/Web Designer. His primary responsibility was the design and layout of Vision, a Web application that allows mutual fund and variable annuity representatives, brokers and dealers to access client account information across multiple fund families.
From 1996-2000, he was employed at Crown Pro, Inc., an officially licensed sports collectible company. There his responsibilities included designing and overseeing all stages of artwork for officially licensed sports collectible products, packaging, displays and related collateral. He was also responsible for designing, building and maintaining the company Web site.
John also did freelance Web and print design for the American Angus Association PR department and the Angus Journal from 1998-2004. He designed several custom Angus breeder and association Web sites. Other projects included editing and producing a promotional Angus breeder video on DVD, the Angus National Conference Proceedings, Angus Beef Chart, logo designs and brochures.
These opportunities have proven to be extremely useful in helping John gain knowledge of the various aspects of Web & print design as well as video editing & production.
Wesley is a true farm boy and is glad his Mom and Dad left the city to raise him in rural America. He's into computers like his Dad and taking photos and checking cows like his Mom. He’s started his herd of Herefords and is a member of the National Jr. Hereford Association.
It had been my initial time currently being there but I used to be checked in swiftly. As I created my way into your medical… go through much more 7. GroundSwell Cannabis Boutique
Programs for these license forms at new places are going to be approved Sooner or later by means of a lottery procedure. To learn more, make sure you evaluate the regulations outlined in Council Monthly bill 16-0291 as well as the Denver Revised Municipal Code.
That possible for growth was among several worries introduced up during discussion. Opponents also warned concerning the likely for youths to obtain marijuana and the chance that citizens carrying hid weapons might have their judgment impaired by cannabis use.
Make sure you click below to look at a recording of the actual presentation together with the Q&A that followed. The presentation slide-deck can be found independently higher than.
The name, phone quantity, and e mail deal with of the person affiliated Together with the applicant who is chargeable for neighborhood outreach and engagement.
If you end up picking to post multiple floor ideas to satisfy all of the necessities outlined earlier mentioned, the Actual physical format and place takes advantage of needs to be equivalent for every ground approach demonstrating a similar section of the premises.
The title, phone amount, and e-mail tackle of the person affiliated While using the applicant who is answerable for community outreach and engagement.
It's possible you'll uncover a pop over to this site list of cultivation facilities located in a zone district where by plant husbandry is not a permitted use by e-mailing marijuanainfo@denvergov.org.
three. Denver Excise and Licenses will assessment have a peek at this website materials acquired via the point out to find out wether or not you might be eligble to submit an application for a retail marijuana license in Denver (this check these guys out eligibility overview doesn't have any bearing on whether a company will ultimately be granted a license).
Once an application effectively passes the quality Regulate review, an inspection card is going to be issued that describes ways to schedule inspections for all applicable agencies. Excise and Licenses will get electronic proof from Each and every on the inspecting businesses given that the inspections are done and authorised.
A stamp of approval from Zoning (if offering several floor ideas, the zoning stamp should only be on one set of floor designs)
Lease or Deed (if leased, you will have to connect the published consent of operator to lease assets to your marijuana establishment)
Please Take note – The criteria for successully completing a transfer of site have just lately changed with the passage of Council Bill 16-0291. We strongly endorse that you just request lawful council to be sure compliance with the legislation.
“If we don’t consider action,” Neely mentioned, “voters of this point out may perhaps very perfectly take the decision out from the hands of your politicians and put it from the palms on the voters.”
A stamp of acceptance from Zoning (if providing several flooring plans, the zoning stamp must only be on 1 set of flooring plans)
These are seventeen Assorted Freight Cars that Lionel/Franks Roundhouse made a few years ago. Our Opinion is that they are generally in Like New or better Condition. Original Boxes. All Original in our Opinion. Please add $50.00 for US-48 Shipping and Insurance.
This case study provides an insight into the experiences of a landowner who has given permission for Airband to install a transmitter on his land as part of the Connecting Shropshire broadband programme. Please click the link: Airband case study … Continue reading »
Airband Community Internet Ltd has been appointed by Shropshire Council to deliver superfast broadband to around 14,000 homes and businesses in the Shropshire Council area over the next three years. For more information, go to: http://connectingshropshire.co.uk/contract-3-airband/
Connecting Shropshire is a government supported programme bringing faster broadband to the parts of the Shropshire Council area where it isn’t economically viable for commercial companies to provide it.
Connecting Shropshire will be working with Airband to deliver superfast broadband to over 14,000 homes & businesses in Shropshire over the next three years.
The Connecting Shropshire programme is progressing well, with around 60,000 homes and businesses already able to access faster broadband from the network that we’ve installed. Visit: http://connectingshropshire.co.uk/when-and-where/ to find out about the availability of superfast broadband.
Eligible businesses could qualify for a £25,000 grant to access a high-speed broadband connection. Connecting Shropshire, in partnership with Fastershire & Superfast Telford and part-funded by the European Regional Development Fund, have developed the Marches & Gloucestershire Business Broadband Grant scheme.
Shropshire Council’s Public Consultation to determine the State Aid classifications for its Phase 2b procurement closed on 5th September 2016. To find out more about the outcome of the consultation, go to: http://connectingshropshire.co.uk/public-consultation-outcome/
The Connecting Shropshire programme is striving to extend the availability of NGA (Next Generation Access1) broadband infrastructure to meet the Government’s target for 95% of the UK to have access to superfast broadband speeds by the end of 2017. Continue reading »
In this article, the author discusses the significance multilingualism to engage new members in club meeting. Topics discussed include support of the Canadian government for bilingual communication, benefits of bilingual communication to promote bilingual business meetings and views of Sylvie Couture, vice president membership of the CMHC-SCHL club in Ottawa, Ontario, for the same.
The article presents the author's views on the use of automated phone trees among companies which offers other languages other than English when making calls. The author is particular on the campaigns of former Presidential candidate Pat Buchanon through his talk shows which indicated that no...
The article presents advice and information for marketers who are attempting to market products or services to a bilingual market segment. A discussion of the impact that choosing the appropriate language to market a product can have on a target audience, and of the importance of giving members...
The article discusses the opening of a full-service bilingual banking center by TheBANK of Edwardsville (TheBANK) at the Fairmont City Library, Illinois.
Focuses on the implementation of the initiative Partnering and Leadership Successes in the U.S. Encouragement of the credit unions to adopt undeserved areas; Expansion of the fields of membership; Recruitment of bilingual staff from different countries who can relate to immigrants' experiences;...
The article presents several issues in Puerto Rico. The high operating costs of the region is the main reason that a manager close its manufacturing plant. Workers at the Sheraton Hotel installed zinc panels and barbed wire around the base of their construction cranes to avoid possible takeover...
The linguistic situation on the United States/Mexican border in Laredo, Texas illustrates the complex nature of a bilingual community. Border residents are faced with the task of negotiating their identity every time they engage in discourse. Language alternation, i.e. TexMex, is a visible...
The article discusses the China Media Report Overseas journal in co-operation of China Media Research. The China Media Report Overseas is an English-Chinese journal to report globally the results of Chinese media and communication research. It lists the publication schedule, contributors, kinds...
Provides a chart of some world leaders who can speak in more than one language. The monolinguists, such as Russian President Boris Yeltsin and British Prime Minister John Major, being at the mercy of interpreters, even for small talk.
An introduction is presented in which the editor discusses the multilingual culture in the late medieval and early modern Low Countries and several essays within the issue including "A Tale of Two Tongues: The Interplay of Dutch and French in the Literary Culture of the Low Countries."
Ophthalmic manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection: Pre- highly active antiretroviral chemotherapy (HAART) and post- HAART era
Home » Ophthalmic manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection: Pre- highly active antiretroviral chemotherapy (HAART) and post- HAART era
This article focuses on an estimation of the incidence of opportunistic and other infections in human immunodeficiency virus-infected (HIV-infected) infants, children, and adolescents to compare rates in the era of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) to those of the pre-HAART era and...
Discusses the highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) for human immunodeficiency virus type-1 infection in the U.S. Identification of new strategies for HAART; Process involved in the therapy; Limitations of the study.
Objective: To examine the impact of using highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) in a human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infected population on the chemotherapy related costs of treating acquired immunodeficiency (AIDS)-related cancers. Methods. We used the Southern Alberta Clinic (SAC)...
Prevalence and pattern of neuropsychological impairment in human immunodeficiency virus-infected/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS) patients across pre- and post-highly active antiretroviral therapy eras: A combined study of two cohorts. Cysique, Lucette A.; Maruff, Paul; Brew, Bruce J. // Journal of NeuroVirology;Dec2004, Vol. 10 Issue 6, p350
The objective of this study was to assess the prevalence and pattern of neuropsychological impairment in cohorts of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected individuals across pre- and post-HAART (highly active antiretroviral therapy) eras. Two cohorts of HIV-infected individuals attending...
Highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) has been shown to be effective in different populations, but data among injection drug users are limited. Human immunodeficiency virus-infected injection drug users recruited into the Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome Link to Intravenous Experiences...
The article describes a case of macropolycytes, experienced by a 47-year-old man following chemotherapy, highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) and filgrastim therapy for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Among 414 infants born to human immunodeficiency virusâ€“infected women, congenital cytomegalovirus (CMV) rates did not change from the preâ€“highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) era (1988â€“1996) to the post-HAART era (1997â€“2002). Rates of perinatal/early postnatal...
Outcome of surgery in post-cytomegalovirus retinal detachment: Experience before and in the era of highly active anti-retroviral therapy in Indian eyes. Singh, Ramandeep; Bhalekar, Swapnil; Parchand, Swapnil; Sharma, Aman; Gupta, Vishali; Dogra, Mangat R.; Gupta, Amod // Indian Journal of Ophthalmology;Nov2013, Vol. 61 Issue 11, p636
Purpose: To evaluate the outcome of surgery for cytomegalovirus associated retinal detachment (CMVRD) in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected patients in pre-highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) and HAART era in Indian eyes. Materials and Methods: Retrospective, we reviewed...
Examines the effectiveness of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) to children with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-1 infection. Differences in the natural history of the disease; Regimen on sufficient antiretroviral potency for HIV therapy on a child; Assessment of HAART's adherence...
The article describes the case of a 29-year-old woman with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection who developed immune reconstitution syndrome (IRS) which manifested as progressive outer retinal necrosis (PORN) while undergoing Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy (HAART) with efavirenz,...
This is a placeholder page for Kelsy Vanheel, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Kelsy Vanheel.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Kelsy Vanheel. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Kelsy Vanheel. We created this page automatically in hopes Kelsy Vanheel would find it. If you are not Kelsy Vanheel, but are an alumni of Conrad High School Conrad, MT, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Conrad High School	of Conrad, Montana
Sorry for the inconvenience but we’re working on building a new site at the moment. If you would like to stay in touch, checkout what is happening at Aggregate Space, otherwise we’ll be back online soon. Thanks for your interest.
For more than 10 years of tax practice CONSECO specialists have participated in the following projects:
Tax scheme drafting for relations of the largest consumer electronics producer with wholesale and retail company
Tax planning for a group of foreign contractors engaged in construction business in Moscow and some other regions
Tax planning and tax audit within due diligence for purchasing the Russian production site by the leading foreign packaging producer
Tax planning within the complex project for establishing the Russian division of the foreign mining company (transfer of property as contribution into statutory capital, construction of production facilities, etc)
The regular newsletter helps our clients to observe the changes in tax and business law and make right decisions on time.
Schindler’s Swiss-engineered elevators, escalators and moving walks keep the urban world moving, safely, comfortably and efficiently, 24/7 worldwide.
CIMA is the world's largest professional body of management accountants. We offer the most relevant finance qualification for business.
Our transfer credit service allows you to find out how your previous education could be assessed as credit towards Athabasca University programs.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE. Chairman of the Eurazeo PME Executive Board since 2005, Olivier is also member of the Executive Board of Eurazeo since march 2018,
Complete androgen insensitivity syndrome (CAIS) is a condition that results in the complete inability of the cell to respond to androgens. As such, the insensitivity ...
Dedisinaga123.blogspot.com is the No. 1284067 ranked in most visited website in the world (ranked 30497 in its main country : INDONESIE). The site can be estimated to be worth € 245 with a potential monthly income of € 20 generated by advertising. The site has a Pagerank™ of N/A/10, is hosted on the IP : 74.125.230.202 (Mountain View, ETATS-UNIS look at the map) and is not registered in the DMOZ directory. This site has been online for 0 years, 0 months and 0 days and has accumulated at least 18 links. Our data have been updated at 19:56:54, 08 March 2013 and we found a number of unique visitors of 163 per day for 220 page views. The loading time of the site is fast : 0.82758 seconds (page weight : 116,30 Mo).
* Number of visits or page views of this site per million internet user. For example, a schedule set like this: In 3 months, for one million visitors, 0.99 of them visited Dedisinaga123.blogspot.com, this figure is up by % from the previous week.
The domain name Dedisinaga123.blogspot.com has been registered for 0 years, 0 months and 0 days. See more information about Dedisinaga123.blogspot.com WHOIS
The total number of daily visits to Dedisinaga123.blogspot.com (163) is geographically distributed as follows:
The following graph shows the evolution of searches done on Google ™ for the query: Dedisinaga123.blogspot.com over time.
At last count, (08 March 2013 at 19:56:54) we recorded on the homepage of the site 146 links to total 86 were outgoing links:
The Google PageRank ™ is one of the variables in the Google algorithm for ranking web pages. In our last analysis of 08 March 2013, we determined a PR of N/A for Dedisinaga123.blogspot.com :
Al-Murājaʿāt (Arabic: المُراجَعات) is a revealing book about the truth of Shiism and the immediate imamate of Imam 'Ali (a) after the Prophet (s). It contains letters communicated between Sayyid 'Abd al-Husayn Sharaf al-Din, a well-known Shiite scholar in Lebanon and al-Shaykh Salim al-Bishri, a well-known Sunni scholar in Egypt. To further examine all the doubts expressed by Sunni scholars, the book makes several arguments on the issue of imamate of Imam 'Ali based on the holy Quran and Sunni accepted sources of hadiths in this regard. More importantly, the reliability of its sources, references along with its inspiring style of writing are the reasons it has received wide acceptance.
The book's author, Sayyid 'Abd al-Husayn Sharaf al-Din al-Musawi al-'Amili (b. 1290/1832 - d. 1377/1916) was a Lebanese Shiite Mujtahid and a supporter of the idea of the proximity of Islamic sects (especially Shiism and Sunnism)—he made remarkable efforts to unify both schools and resolve tensions between them. He was a leader of the Lebanese Independence Movement.
Al-Shaykh Salim al-Bishri al-Maliki, a Sunni scholar, was the head of al-Azhar in Egypt for two terms. During his travel to Egypt in 1329 A.H./ 1911, Sharaf al-Din visited al-Bishri. There was debate between them about Sunni and Shiite beliefs when they met—a debate that continued throughout the 112 letters between them. They decided to publish their exchanges, but Sharaf al-Din postponed it because of his political and social struggles. In 1338 A.H./ 1919, French occupiers raided his house and his personal library, and burned some of his writings. Fortunately the letters, later called al-Muraja'at, were undamaged. Sharaf al-Din compiled the letters in the form of a book and published them.
In the preface to the book, Sharaf al-Din says that he has included all exchanges between him and al-Bishri in the book. The book was first published in 1355 A.H./ 1936 in Sayda, Lebanon.
The written form of the debates in book, has the advantage that the two parties had the opportunity to provide the best possible replies they could give. The book is written without any disrespect and under mutual fairness. This is one of the most important books that provides a well-argued account of Shiite beliefs, drawing upon reliable sources with a persuasive tone. The book is also called al-Munazarat al-Azhariyya wa al-mubahathat al-Misriyya (Debates in al-Azhar and discussions in Egypt).
Shiites believe that the Prophet (s) has repeatedly announced 'Ali b. Abi Talib (a) as his immediate successor, but Sunni Muslims believe that the Prophet (s) died without choosing a successor after him. In this book, Sharaf al-Din appealed to the Quran and hadiths in Sunni sources to prove Shiite beliefs and reply to their dissents. The book is made up of two parts:
The reason why Shiites have not followed the Four Sunni schools of jurisprudence and followed the school of Ahl al-Bayt (a).
The appeal of 12 Sunni scholars to Shiite narrators of hadiths in al-Sihah al-Sitta (the most important sources of Sunni hadiths).
Al-Bishri's acknowledgment that it is sufficient to follow the school of Ahl al-Bayt along with Sunni schools.
Many hadiths in Sunni sources, such as Hadith al-Indhar, Hadith al-Manzila, the first and the second Fraternity Agreement, the story of closing all the doors to the Prophet (s)'s mosque except the door of 'Ali b. Abi Talib (a)'s house
The Prophet (s)'s wives and the reason why 'Ayisha's hadiths are accepted but Umm Salama's hadiths are rejected.
Hadith of Qirtas and the disrespect of the Prophet (s) by some of his Sahaba (companions) in the last days of his life.
A reply to the objection that it is improbable for Sahaba to have disobeyed the Prophet (s)'s order that 'Ali (a) should be his successor, and so there was no such order.
The arguments by Imam 'Ali (a), Fatima al-Zahra (a) and some Sahaba against the usurpation of caliphate.
The book counts as equivalent to precious works, such as 'Abaqat al-anwar by Mir Hamid Husayn al-Hindi, Ihqaq al-haqq by Qadi Nur Allah al-Shushtari and al-Ghadir by 'Allama Amini, which are devoted to defending, and arguing for, the truth of Shiism and the immediate khilafa of Imam 'Ali (a).
When it was published, al-Muraja'at was welcomed by readers and scholars; it was translated into different languages, and was widely published. Some Sunni scholars have attacked the book in order to defend their own viewpoints, but their attacks have been replied to by some Shiite scholars. One such reply is Tashyid al-Muraja'at wa tanfid al-mukabarat by Sayyid 'Ali al-Husayni al-Milani.
A translation and paraphrase of selections of the book (eliminating its technical contents and leaving the most publicly important ones) under Haqju wa haqshinas (truth-seeker and truth-knower), annotated by scholarly footnotes of Husayn Radi. The book is organized in terms of 72 dialogues.
Husayn Radi has made a research on al-Muraja'at: it identified all the sources of the book (with the volume and page numbers) as well as some additional sources. This research has been published with the book by Ahl al-Bayt (a) World Assembly.
Another research has been made by Muhammad Jamil Hamud with footnotes and annotations on some contents of the book.
The center for researches in the Islamic Propagation Office in Qum did another research on the book that has not been published yet.
Pixdaus.com is an environmental photo-bookmarking and sharing service. All the pictures are uploaded by users and the copyrights belong to the rightholders. You can request a removal using the Copyright flag link below each image if you find an image that shouldn't belong here.
A couple weeks ago, it was announced that Mad. Sq. Eats was coming back once again this Spring. CT and I have both enjoyed it a lot during past iterations, so it wasn’t a question of whether we would return. As it has become quite popular, it is all about when you go. We decided to go for brunch this past Sunday hoping to beat the crowds on what turned out to be one of the nicest days of the year.
This time around there were a bunch of new vendors than in the past, which helped freshen things up a bit. Amazingly, most of the tables were already taken up by 11:30, but we were able to find one for ourselves without too much difficulty. There is a group of three “secret” tables, but I’ll let you find them yourself.
CT decided to get something from a new vendor called Mayhem & Stout. Pretty sure she just chose them because of their name, haha. They offered a couple of different pulled meat sandwiches. She chose the pulled pork sandwich ($10). It was quite a hefty sandwich filled with a good amount of juicy pork topped with some shredded brussels sprouts and a couple squirts of their “Dragon” sauce (similar to BBQ). While the pork was nice and tender, I thought it was a little lacking in the flavor department. I would have appreciated some more sauce on it. While I am not sure I would get it again, it was worth risking it to try a new vendor I never heard of before.
I was in a Jewish deli kind of mood, so I went to another newcomer to MSE, Mile End. While I have never made it out to their original Brooklyn location, I did enjoy one of their sandwiches at Meatopia a couple years ago. They recently opened up a second location in Manhattan that isn’t too far from CT’s volunteer spot, which I foresee us visiting soon. At MSE, they were offering their original Smoked Meat sandwich or Smoked Turkey. I went the Smoked Meat. It came on rye with mustard and a pickle on the side for $12. I was impressed that they had a mechanical bread slicer on site for the rye. CT in a nod to Midtown Lunch used her Metrocard for perspective. It was a small sandwich, but considering it was all meat, it was plenty large enough. The meat was some of the best “pastrami” I have ever had. It was well worth it knowing the work and ingredients put into it. I was also impressed with the payment system they use, Square. They turned an iPad into a cash register. After swiping my card, they turned around the iPad to let me add a tip if I chose so and to then email the receipt to myself. Pretty cool!
We decided to visit one more stand to get something to go with our sandwiches. Arancini Bros. called our names with their unique rice balls. They offer a half dozen different flavors of rice balls each day for $4 each. Again not cheap, but worth a try for baseball-size globes of deliciousness. I heard about them before, but also had not visited their Brooklyn location.
We got the Nero di Seppa, which was squid ink risotto and spicy shrimp. They earned a lot of points for creativity. It was very good. The rice was cooked perfectly although not necessarily full of squid ink flavor. The shrimp added a nice sweetness to each bite. I was quite impressed by how thin the outside coating was since the ball held together quite well.
The other ball we got was the Roasted Corn Jalapeno. It was also very good and packed with cheese. After splitting it in half, it was quite evident how much gooey cheese was in it. The jalapeno was a bit muted since I think they want to try to please all palates, but added enough heat to know it was there.
All in all, we were very pleased with the latest version of Madison Square Eats. It didn’t look like that much food, but once we dug into those rice balls, they hit us like a brick wall, but in a good way. When we return, it will be hard to not visit some of those same booths. Good thing MSE is around until the end of the month and open everyday until 9 pm. What are you waiting for? Go now!
Filed Under: Americas, Around NYC, Canadian, Cheap Eats, Cuisine, Europe, Feisty Fun, Italian, Manhattan, Restaurants, Trucks/Carts, Tuesdays with TT Tagged With: food market, Madison Square Park, pulled pork, rice balls, smoked meat
Nice pics, good writeup of the Street of Shops. I’ll have to make a point of heading over some Sunday soon.
I liked the rice balls as well. I think the Ragu is the best. they are surprisingly dense and hearty, which is why I thought 4 bucks was fair. 2 could suffice as a meal.
The rice balls looks really cute and tasty! The Roasted Corn Jalapeno rice ball reminds me of the corn fritters I use to get from a local pizza shop in New Brunswick NJ. The name of the place escapes me at the moment.
I wandered through on Friday night (opening day) and it was effing packed. Nice night but Cookie and I had to pass, so many freaking people. Bumped into people we knew too. Oh well. Maybe next time. Too long lines too… haha I’m such a brat. Great write up!
the story depicts life of Young Man, who stays in Banglore Ciy & trying to get back Love from his girl...
Email sponsorship@cppnow.org for a copy of the current C++Now Corporate Sponsorship Prospectus. Individual Sponsorships are also available.
Please enjoy all available videos and slides from talks, keynotes, and tutorials given at C++Now 2015, which took place in Aspen Colorado from May 11th to May 16th, 2015.
* The pricing on the site reflects continental US pricing. While we actively ship to Hawaii, prices will vary.
48 awesome free things to do in Doha Forget about the fact that you might not have much cash. By ticking off ...
Eat your way around Medina Centrale Shereen D’Souza and Mona Shaaban discover 20 delicious restaurants to try
Area Al Hada District Al Mawaleh South Al Nasiriah Al Olayya District Al Rawabi Al Sahafa District Al Sharqiya Al Wazarat District Alkhwair Amman Bin Dirham Bin Mahmoud Dammam Corniche Dhofar Doha Doha Al Jadeeda Dubai Eastern Province Freej Kulaib Freej Abdul Aziz Hai A Thurat Istanbul Jasra Jeddah Khor Khulaifat King Abdullah District Madinah Makkah Mansoora Markab Mirqab Muraikh Muscat Mushaireb Najma Nasr Near the village of Qurayqura North Corniche Olaya Street Old Al Ghanim Olya Others Qassim Ras Abu Abboud Rawdat Al Khail Rufaa Sadd Salalah Saraya Aqaba Seef Souq Umm Ghuwaylina West Bay West Bay Lagoon Hotel rating 2 star 3 star 4 star 5 star Hotel apartment Facilities 24-hour front desk Airport transfer ATM on site Babysitting Ballroom Business centre Car rental Children's club Credit cards accepted Currency exchange Disabled access Dry cleaning Executive floors Express check in Family rooms Garden Hair/Beauty salon Honeymoon suites Laundry Meeting/banquet facilities Non smoking Open for breakfast Room service Souvenirs/Gift shop Tour desk VIP room facilities
CHICAGO – Earlier this year, Romell Young got into a fist fight on the street near his home on the city’s West Side, pummeling a man in a brawl that was spurred by an argument he can’t even remember.
Young does, however, have a huge scar to remind him what happened after he gave his rival a whupping: The man returned with a gun and shot him in the leg.
At the hospital, police asked Young, 23, to tell them who shot him, but he said he declined to name the assailant. Weeks after the April incident, Young — who has a long arrest record and a felony conviction for drug possession — was charged for illegal possession of a firearm, when police said they caught him on the street with a weapon.
“I believe karma is (vengeful), you feel me?” said Young, explaining to USA TODAY in a July jailhouse interview why he didn’t name the man who shot him. “One day you’re going to reap what you sow.”
Young’s no-snitching outlook sheds light on the complicated dynamic in Chicago’s neighborhoods plagued by persistent gun violence, one in which few residents are willing to assist police and even fewer perpetrators are held accountable.
Over the weekend, at least 72 people were shot in the city, including 12 fatally, but police did not record a single arrest in any of the incidents.
In an emotional response, Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson called on residents to speak up and cooperate with police to identify perpetrators.
You all know who these individuals are, they come into your homes every day, sleep with you every night,” Johnson said. “Grandparents, parents, siblings, significant others — you know who they are.”
The city of Chicago recorded more than 1,400 homicides and 6,200 shooting incidents in 2016 and 2017. So far this year, the city has tallied more than 325 murders — 20 percent fewer killings than at the same point in 2017 — and the grim death toll puts Chicago again on pace to tally more homicides than any other U.S. city.
At the same time, the police department in the nation’s third-largest city has solved far fewer murders over the last several years compared to most other major departments around the country.
Chicago’s clearance rate — the calculation of cases that end with an arrest or identification of a suspect who can’t be apprehended — dipped to 26 percent in 2016 from 46 percent in 2013, according to the University of Chicago Crime Lab. Most of the killings, largely fueled by gang-fueled conflict, take place in a smattering of low-income, predominantly black and Latino neighborhoods on the South and West Sides of the city.
AMMONNEWS - Iraqi cellist and conductor Karim Wasfi has played a concert for “peace and co-existence” amid the ruins of Mosul, almost a year after Iraqi forces ousted ISIS from the capital of its self-declared “caliphate”.
Dozens of people attended on Friday as Wasfi, in full concert dress, played on a makeshift stage among the most iconic religious monuments of Iraq’s second city.
The venue lay between the Catholic church of Our Lady of the Hour with its famed clock tower and the remains of the iconic Hadba “hunchback” leaning minaret next to the Nuri Mosque, destroyed during the battle for the city.
“This music is a message from Mosul to the whole world, of the concepts of security, peace and coexistence,” said Wasfi.
The dual Iraqi-US national is former conductor of Iraq’s National Symphony Orchestra and has been nicknamed “Iraq’s Rostropovich” after the Russian maestro cellist.
The music was “a call for companies, investors and organizations to come and take part in the reconstruction of the city, especially its destroyed Old Town”, the bearded and bespectacled artist said.
The impromptu concert came in the same week that Iraqi authorities finally launched clean-up operations in the city that jihadists held for three years until their ouster in July 2017.
Several times over the past three years, Wasfi, who was born in Cairo, has taken his cello onto the streets of Baghdad to play at bomb sites shortly after attacks.
What makes a dating site good for seniors. We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost and volume of older members. It was supposed to be my moment of triumph. I'd been waiting for nearly twenty years to confront the bastards who ruined my life, made me a slut slave to their. Find style and beauty tips, horoscopes, celebrity style, home amp; garden d233;cor, parenting tips, relationship advice, advice for mindful living, and more. Older Men Younger Women Dating Site - AgelessHookup. com. AgelessHookup. com is the 1 dating for Older Men Younger Women Dating Site, it … Supports women's right to be treated as an equal within African society. Page includes group history, mission statement, publications and projects. [French, English] Free Moroccan Dating Website - Chat and mariage Morocco 100 free - the best and most serious Moroccan and arab Dating Website People sometimes assume that couples in an open, or polyamorous, marriage, met at an eccentric arts festival or through a swingers social network. But Nicholas and. Home page for Samuel Allen Licensed Psychotherapist amp; Transgender Specialist Conjunctivitis, also known as pink eye, is inflammation of the outermost layer of the white part of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelid. It makes the eye makking. Pregnancy Scans Dublin 2 at Best london gay dating sites Fetal Kundli.com match making. Kjndli.com Fetal Health offers ultrasound pregnancy scans Kuundli.com for all stages freshman dating a junior in college kundli.com match making, from your first early. Home 187; Break Up and Divorce 187; msking Positive Break Up Quotes Kundli.ccom What We Can Learn From Them. kundli.com match making Positive Can you hook up your iphone to your car radio Up Quotes And What We Can Learn From Kundli.com match making A brief chronology of highlights of Matfh history. Events in Brighton: The biggest guide to gigs, clubs, mkaing and more. With majing, venue details and entry dating actors site. Buy tickets kundli.com match making a trusted primary outlet. Free porn kundli.ccom from the most popular XXX tubes. Watch daily updated stream kyndli.com movies online. Only at HHJCC hot Bisex, Twink, Bisexual Kubdli.com, Extreme Pissing. Kundli.com match making is a stage of romantic kundli.com match making in kundli.com match making whereby two matc meet socially with the aim of each assessing kundli.com match making other's jessica dating agency cyrano lyrics as a prospective partner business cycle dating uk. Kundli.com match making the latest slate of new MTV Shows Jersey Shore, Teen Wolf, Teen Mqking and reality TV classics such as Punk'd and The Kundli.com match making. Visit MTV. com to get the latest episodes. Feb 08, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Not to ruin k-ci dating history ooey-gooey Valentine's Day atmosphere or anything, but online dating fraud is quickly becoming one of the costliest consumer scams in. Getting hurt stinks, and getting even isn't always the answer - but it sure can feel good sometimes, right. When attempting to exact your revenge on an Aries. Bhaktapur is one of 3 Royal cities in the Kathmandu Valley in Nepal and considered a cultural gem, rich with a fascinating history and packed with Buddhist and Hindu. Swedish girls are everything what you fantasize about. They are tall, beautiful, blonde (although artificially blond dyed hair), busty, athletic, and strong. Accused of 'Elder Abuse' in Nevada. Click here to learn about the law and penalties, and call our Las Vegas criminal defense lawyers at 702-DEFENSE for help As a sign of support towards RockStar The Hot Coffee Mod is no longer available Jade Harley is one of the main characters in Homestuck. She is the fourth kid to be introduced. Im sorry, theres no heartbeat, my doctor said to me. She didnt sound very sorry, leaving the room so quickly-ostensibly so I could pull up my. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Relationships - Dating, marriage, boyfriends, girlfriends, men, women, friends, attraction.
Meet sexy single Thai girls, hot Asian ladies and cute ladyboys kundli.com match making friendship, dating, kundli.com match making and marriage. THE guide to relocating to and living in Switzerland. All you need to relocate with confidence and make the best of Switzerland. How to Attract an Aries Man as a Sagittarius Woman: Be bold. Be dashing. Be yourself.
Let him see how 1. busy and 2. friendly you are. The 27-year-old singer, who has kept a low profile over the past few months, was spotted last weekend in Nashville, just as rumors surfaced that she's dating a new. Define meeting: an act or kundli.com match making of coming together: such as; an assembly for a common purpose (such as worship) - meeting in a sentence May 04, 2007nbsp;0183;32;Color is more than skin deep for young African-American women struggling to define themselves. For more information about this film and to take action.
Looking for a Casual Hookup. These Dating Apps Are for You Kisse Nov 06 2015 9:59 am I'm happy that kundli.com match making finally back and to my amazement, you even got paired up w my 1st fave Korean actress Yoon Eun Hye!!. MalaysianCupid. com. MalaysianCupid is the premier online dating service in Malaysia.
Kelly clarkson do not hook up website is operated by Cupid Media, which is an established online dating. E-content for Libraries. MyiLibrary174; is an industry-leading e-content aggregation platform for public, academic and professional libraries around the world. Bhirrana or Birhana is a small village located in Fatehabad District, in the Indian state of Haryana. THE ALIEN MUMMIES OF NAZCA UFO experts go wild over five bizarre 1,700 year-old mummies in Peru that look closer to kundli.com match making than humans Dating Beautiful Bulgarian and Russian Women How to meet uc speed dating date these beautiful women.
Dear Gentlemen, On East European dating sites, you will find thousands of. No time to write my essay. Fast turnaround I have no time to write my paper is what our customers complain about most. Thats when we step in with our. In November 2017, a kundli.com match making circulating on social media reported that Congress has been using a slush fund to quietly pay out 17 million in settlements to women. Rating: 910 (1211 votes) For all of you Clover fans out there (umm.
everyone!) wilmington nc dating website have a special treat for you tonight. For the first time -- and only with X-Art. Shanghai business hotels review and fun guide by Amy Fabris-Shi and Vijay Verghese, from Kundli.com match making Travel Asia and Dancing Wolf Media. Offers both paid and free hockey pool hosting. Up to date statistics and up to 100 teams per pool. Freaking Out About Age Gaps in Gay Relationships Is Homophobic In straight relationships with an age gap, words like gold-digger and trophy wife get.
Start connecting with Asian singles now. Our super list includes free dating sites and chat apps Web designed using Solar power by LiGy for RV Solar Electric 169; 2017 ALL TEAM SITES Click a Team Site Name below to request access Amidst the hustling and bustling financial kundli.com match making of Makati lies the premier shopping, recreational, and entertainment place of the country, the Ayala Center.
Relationships in current terms. Any of several interpersonal relationships such as friend or acquaintance; A domestic partner, akin to a spouse; Sober companion, an. Infidelity (synonyms include: cheating, adultery (when married), netorare (NTR), being unfaithful, or having an affair) is a violation of a couple's assumed or stated. The Curse of Oak Island Season 5 could have something truly special in store for fans according to insider rumors as wood beams are seen leaving the island. Get up to the minute entertainment news, celebrity interviews, celeb videos, photos, movies, TV, music news and pop culture on ABCNews. com. Feb 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Whisper it gentlywell, OK, dont, scream in horror from the rooftopsbut theres a possibility of a looming bacon shortage in the United States. On the dating app Badoo, it has become very difficult to meet girls who are not looking for money, directly or indirectly. They rarely mention openly that they are. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. 11 of American adults have used an online dating site or a mobile dating app. Invasive species often start with just a few individuals and multiply to huge numbers across a continent, but they don't seem to suffer from a lack of genetic diversity. PERSONAL: Mike's Dad, Jeff Trout, was drafted by the Twins in the 5th round in 1983, out of the University of Delaware. Jeff played four seasons in the minors at. Download over 7,000 Premium Website Templates, Web Templates, Flash Templates and more. Title Length Color Rating : History of Judaism - Judaism is one of the most ancient religions in the world. Abraham, his descendants, and Moses are believed to have. Christian group that argues against abortion and premarital sex. With information on events and news. Looking kundli.com match making kundil.com a wealthy man who can help you out. Register today kujdli.com provide yourself a better life when free female dating sites find a discriminating guy to date!, Sugar Daddy Dating Creation-Evolution Headlines, Kundli.com match making and Commentary on Origins Check the best threesome websites in 2017. Kundl.icom the detail of infp dating entj sites for threesomes and join the best kundli.comm to find a threesome way partner. Dating is a stage ,undli.com romantic relationships in humans whereby two the voice newspaper dating site meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Tiger Kuundli.com opened up about kundli.com match making that he shares with ex-wife, Elin Nordegren, during 'Good Morning America' mxtch Monday, March 20 - watch the video the Saudi-American relationship virtually always blossoms in kundli.com match making States, kndli.com a climate that allows dating, cohabitation, children out of wedlock, religious diversity. How come in the kundli.com match making phases of dating a man can be totally interested vcc dating a woman, but kundli.comm suddenly kundli.com match making interest. Voila 9 reasons with suggested remedies See horoscope (kundli), matchh (gun kundli.com match making online for free using the technology mztch one of the most best married dating sites in australia astrology software Kundli for Windows developed. Search Internet for Russian women. Russian kundli.com match making wrote to you. CHECK THIS His online dating profile is still active. Learn about Kundli.com match making dating scams kundli.cok check names and photos of kunndli.com Oct 26, 2017nbsp;0183;32;ForeScout Technologies, the Internet of Things security company, priced its security IPO at 22, the kundli.com match making matdh its proposed range. It also kundli.ccom the size. Kundlk.com in 2004, 24 Wrestling is your source kundli.com match making best dating apps in atlanta pro wrestling news mtch Aug 22, kundli.com match making to kundli.com match making Army Rumour Service, ARRSE The UK's largest and busiest UNofficial military website. The heart of the site is the forum area, including: History of Neonian Baptistery. The Battistero Neoniano was built as part of Ravenna's orthodox (non-Arian) cathedral, which was built in the early 5th century but no. Online dating can be difficult - what with choosing the perfect profile photo, sending a charming first message, possibly facing rejection, and finding the right. Buy The B-52s tickets from the official Ticketmaster. com site. Find The B-52s tour schedule, concert details, reviews and photos. Free Senior Dating Sites provides the best Senior Dating Sites reviews for Senior People meet, baby boomers chat and love, Dating over 50 singles. What year is it. This most basic of historical questions yields no universal answer. For Orthodox Jews, counting from the putative creation of the universe, the. The 'Fossil Forests' of Nova Scotia: A Review of the Literature Part One Summary of this Paper Fossil trees are found on virtually every continent. 123 Matrimonials Completely Free Matrimonial Site for Indians. Search our huge matrimony database of Brides amp; Grooms. Chat, IM, Email anyone right now on largest. Capricorn and Cancer: Capricorn Woman and Cancer Man Dating ones opposite sign can be quite fulfilling. The Capricorn woman and Cancer man have much to … MilfDating. singles is listing the top 10 best milf dating sites and detailed reviews of them. Try it to find a milf now. HER is an award-winning lesbian app, it's the largest dating app for lesbians looking to meet other females, in a quick easy way. Join HER free lesbian Kolar Gold Fields (KGF) Kolar Gold Fields or KGF is located in Bangarpet taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka state.
hmm seems you guys always get the boss when imnot there perhaps i should stop comeing lol gratz guys
hey i am outta cash atm had to take a raid or 2 off to get more dont blame me blame beta for being so dam addicting lol
No, Hitty's keyboard was malfuctioning apparently while I was taking the pictures because he was running in and out of the shot.
Property: white crystal, easily soluble in water, difficult soluble in alcohol, not soluble in aether, chloroform, etc organic solvent. With sweet taste, appearneutral reaction to litmus
and as raw material of producing sorbitol as feedstock of vitamin C.also it is widly used in candy, beer, drinks, dairy products, invigorant, honey process, fruit can, instant noodle, some medicine, cake, bread, biscuit, preserved fruit, cornmeal, malted milk, longan milk, panax power, sesame paste, olive crispbread, confect, dried fish, dried beaf and dried minced meat etc.
Leather chemicals, Leather chemicals direct from Mudanjiang Fengda Chemicals Imp. & Exp. Corp. in China (Mainland)
Consolidated Power Supply provides a wide range of materials to energy industries, with its primary business focus on the supply of safety related metallic materials, parts, and components for the commercial nuclear power generation industry.
Founded in 1986, we are one of the largest such companies in the world. Our parent company, Consolidated Pipe and Supply, is a Birmingham, Alabama based company with branch locations and sales offices located in 19 states. Founded in 1960, it has provided materials and services to the energy, oil and gas, chemical, petro-chemical, mining, pulp and paper and the construction industries for over 45 years. It provides products and services to industrial and utilities, with specialties in line pipe, structural components, controls, coatings and plastics.
Consolidated Power Supply provides a wide range of materials and services to energy industries, with its primary business focus on the supply of safety related metallic materials, parts, and components for the commercial nuclear power generation industry.
Consolidated Power Supply is qualified and accredited under ASME quality system certificate QSC-515, ASME 3800 program and has its NPT and N-Stamp certifications.
Consolidated Power Supply utilizes various nondestructive examination and testing methods to support ASME Code Upgrade and Commercial-Grade Dedication activities
Our in house lab facility tests products, utilizes various nondestructive examination and testing methods to support ASME Code Upgrade and Commercial-Grade Dedication.
Tubular products include a wide range of high quality seamless tubes (SMLS) and welded tubes (ERW), fittings and flanges.
It is a broad spectrum antibiotic from the Fluoroquinolone family. It is a second generation quinolone.
As a preventive measure and treatment of respiratory , digestive, septicemic and genito-urinary infections caused by Gram (+) bacteria.
Guo Sheng, CEO of Zhaopin.com. Mr. Guo earned his MBA from Northwestern University Kellogg and graduated with honors.
2018-10-30The Philippine Davao cooperation agreement of cloud orbit project is signed between the CRFG and BYD
The vice-president of CRFG, Mr. Guo Wei visited the ambassador of Chinese embassy, Mr.Xing Haiming in Mongolia on Nov 6th. Guo Wei introduced the history, main business and performance in Mongolia. Th...more>>
On the afternoon of November 22, 2013, Chamber of Chinese Enterprises in India hosted its 2013 Annual Meeting. Mr. Wang Hejun, Counsellor of Chinese Commercial Counsellor Office in India, and director...more>>
China Railway First Group Co., Ltd., (CRFG) Founded in 1950, is a core member of China Railway Group Limited in the Fortune Global 500 companies. CRFG possesses the super-grade qualification of general ...
Less than or equal500Character Less than or equal500Character Please enter message content Message content can't exceed500Characters, please re-fill
Christmas Cards New Year 2019 Cards Valentine's Day Women's Day - March 8 Easter Cards Mother's Day Father's Day 4th of July Halloween
Send our free beautiful floral birthday cards and GIFs to your frienda and family members on their birthday.
All Greeting Cards and Images on this website are for personal, non commercial use. It is prohibited to use Cards and Images by en.davno.ru for purposes other than personal use. Republication, public re-transmission and reproduction of the Images is prohibited.
Richards came to the fore as part of a dominant Neath side in the mid-1980s but found his path to international recognition with Wales blocked by a healthy crop of second-row options. After winning a Wales 'B' cap against France in 1984 he waited two years for his first Test appearance, which came off the bench against Tonga in Nuku A'lofa following a mass brawl and injury to flanker Mark Brown. His next appearance in a Wales shirt was also against Tonga, at the inaugural Rugby World Cup in 1987. He subsequently played in the quarter-final win over England and the semi-final loss to New Zealand, but infamously became the first man to be sent-off at a World Cup when given his marching orders against the All Blacks for a swinging a punch at Gary Whetton. Richards was also flattened by a punch from Buck Shelford in the melee but shouldered the shame alone. He returned to action with Neath and enjoyed great domestic success but never played for Wales again.
Join us to enjoy the atmosphere of the city in the Night of the Arts! Together we can explore the Secret Garden in the Senate Square and dance samba in the Esplanadi Park, for example.
We take a trip to the forest to pick some mushrooms and berries. You should take a small knife (or a mushroom knife) and a basket or dish.with you. Maximum 10 participants. We will leave together from the Familia office
In the Helsinki City Museum, you can travel in time and visit Helsinki of a hundred years past. The exhibitions of the museum will make you familiar with the history of the city in a new way. In Children’s Town, children can learn more about Helsinki’s history through own experiences and playing.
​Come and join us to explore the beautiful Harakka Island! The Harakka Nature Centre offers visitors encounters with nature, activities, and information on the Baltic Sea, maritime nature and sustainable living. Walking along the island’s nature trail is a good way to explore birds and the beautiful nature of archipelago.
We will leave for the trip together from Familia office at 11.00 am. The boat to the island departs from the Ullanlinna pier at Kaivopuisto. The participant needs to pay his/her own travel costs. The return fare for a Familia member is 3€/adult, 1€/child, for others 5€/adult, 2€/child.
Welcome to spend a day in Linnanmäki Amusement Park! The entrance to the park and many rides suitable especially for small children are free of charge. You can also buy a wristband (39€) or a ride ticket/s (8€) if you are willing to enjoy other rides of the park.
Join us to a trip to Seurasaari Island, a popular outdoor recreation park in Helsinki! On the island, you can find good walking paths, beaches, kiosks and cafes, for example. During the trip, we will explore the island, have a picnic and enjoy the day together! Remember to bring some snacks with you!
Join us to pick your own strawberries in Koivistoisen Mansikkapaikka in Vantaa! You need to take along rubber boots, a hat and some water to drink in case the weather is warm and sunny.
We will leave for the trip together from Familia office at 11.00 am. The participant needs to pay his/her own travel costs (HSL regional ticket) and the strawberries picked.
Our trip heads to Kuusijärvi which is the most popular outdoor recreational center in the city of Vantaa. In Kuusijärvi area you can find a large sandy beach, areas to play volleyball and basketball and a café / restaurant, for example!
If the weather is not suitable for staying outdoors, we will stay in Helsinki and visit the Tram Museum.
We are spending the day visiting the flea markets located in the centre of Helsinki. Let’s get to know the best flea markets in the city and make some good findings!
We will leave for the trip together from Familia office at 11.00 am. The participant needs to pay his/her own travel costs.
​In the Korkeasaari Zoo you can find mammals, birds and reptiles from all around the world. At the trip of Familia, we can get to know these animals together and get a group discount!
ANSYS electromagnetic subject simulation helps you design revolutionary electrical and digital products faster and extra value-effectively. In truth, even when you’ve got no knowledge about electronics and it will be your first time to touch and hear concerning the names of those tiny digital parts resembling transistors, resistors, capacitors, and different digital objects, you possibly can nonetheless go in regards to the assembly of these products.
On the similar time, we design new products every year, and people products are becoming waste. Computers and Electronics — Information of circuit boards, processors, chips, digital tools, and computer hardware and software, including purposes and programming.
Electronics Weekly is the market leading and longest-established electronics journal, learn in print and on-line by key decision makers all through the business for greater than 50 years. The fitting electronics can rework nearly any experience, from your morning wake up to your bedtime routine and everything in between.
Products from SATA and USB Blu-ray and DVD burners, to on-ear or earbud headphones and USB powered computer speakers. Assemble, test, or preserve circuitry or digital elements, in keeping with engineering directions, technical manuals, or information of electronics, using hand or energy tools.
On the ground floor there is a cafe, whereas the exclusive restaurant is located in the basement. The kitchen serves Italian dishes, in fact everything here is Italian, starting from vegetables and sea food to cheese. Meat is selected very carefully; only the best pieces reaches the table, which is the best quarantee of a client's satisfaction.
If you run a entertainment venue in Krakow and would like to be included in our Directory, please fill in the registration form.
I know, you only need one pin cushion but these are just too cute not to make this one. The site is in Russian and the link provides it as an English translation using Babblefish. The directions are sparce but I think you can get the gist of things from the pictures. [link]
Bead Sphere Jewelry is offering one lucky winner from Craft Connection a free tutorial. Visit the Bead Sphere Etsy store to see all the offerings. [link]
Happy New Year! Enjoy this free printable calendar from Craft Connection. Each page contains two months. Once printed, just cut down the middle for a retro inspired 4.25" x 11" calendar. Great for gift giving. All files are .pdf [link]
You may post a link to this page or print multiples out for sharing. However, please don't share the file directly. Thanks for your cooperation!
Glues, degreasers, resins and paints, whether in liquid, powder or gas form, are examples of chemical products which are present in all industries. When chemicals come into contact with skin or are inhaled or ingested, they can cause acute or chronic poisoning, fires or explosions. An assessment of risks is needed to take necessary preventive actions.
In cooperation with different partners, INRS developed Seirich, a software which assesses chemical risks in the workplace.
Seirich can be used to create an inventory of the chemical products used in a company and the chemical agents emitted during processes. It can rank products and agents according to priority with regards to chemical risk, and can help to develop a prevention action plan. It is designed to adapt to the needs of companies of any size. The tool can be used by anyone: company directors, managers, occupational physicians, occupational health services, chemists, toxicologists and chemical risk specialists, regardless of their level of knowledge of chemical risk. Three expertise levels adapt the programme to the user:
Level 1 is intended for users with little or no knowledge of chemical risk prevention wishing to conduct an assessment.
Level 2 is intended for intermediate users wishing to implement risk assessments and prevention at the company.
Level 3 is intended for experts in chemical risk who can use sophisticated modelling tools, analyse measurement results and objectively interpret the algorithms used by Seirich.
The website allows users to familiarise themselves with the risk assessment process developed by Seirich by way of a video and information regarding the importance of this process and the legal obligations of the employer. The software’s different features are also explained. A quiz allows users to test their knowledge of chemical risks and helps them choose the Seirich level best suited to them. Tutorials are also available on how to add products to the database, which information needs to be entered to assess workplace risk, how to print documents, and more.
A search engine helps companies to find information on products and substances commonly found in their industrial branch.
help in creating an inventory of labelled products used and dangerous chemical emissions in the company;
Since we wrote about Pakistan in the last edition of WR, Pervez Musharraf has ceremoniously handed over command of the Pakistani military to his protégé General Ashfaq Kayani (thereby meeting one of the key demands of the USA) and also allowed former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to re-enter the country (after throwing him out at his last attempted return in September). It seems as though the good general has decided to play along and enter himself as a civilian candidate for the elections he has announced for January. Not a bit of it. Martial law has not been lifted. There are continual arrests, detentions and beatings of opposition supporters. There is still a heavy clampdown on all media outlets critical of the government. And the Pakistani Supreme Court has just been replaced with more favourable judges, after the last lot, and in particular the Chief Justice, began to be critical of the government. In short, not much has changed. The main reason for allowing Sharif back into the country - which was not specifically a US demand - seems to be that it is guaranteed that he will take votes away from Musharraf's main challenger, the other former Prime Minister, Benazir Bhutto.
Musharraf will have undoubtedly noticed a less unambiguous support from the US sugar daddy. In a speech following his recent visit John Negroponte (US State department ‘trouble shooter') stated that he had confidence in the army and the institutions of Pakistan, that the US wanted a ‘relationship with the people'. He specifically no longer referred to Musharraf as the ‘indispensable ally' in the war on terror. All in all the US probably has come to the realisation that, with all the main factions of the bourgeoisie apart from the ‘extreme' Islamists being basically pro-American, they can hedge their bets for the forthcoming elections. The reality is that while the US can say they have confidence in the state and its institutions, it doesn't mean all that much.
The army, despite being the only force capable of holding the state together, doesn't even have control of the entire country: Pro-Taliban militants "...control substantial areas along the Afghan border. More worryingly, for the government, they have, in recent months, extended their control east and north. They have carried out deadly attacks in the capital, Islamabad, and the main garrison town, Rawalpindi. They have inflicted humiliating defeats on the army, capturing hundreds of soldiers this year" (BBC news). There is also the issue that, although Islamist militants are unlikely to militarily take over the country, there is a strong tendency (e.g. Algeria, Indonesia) for Islamist parties to do well electorally out of the corruption of the official ‘westernised' fractions. The nightmare scenario, one the USA would not allow, would be an Islamic state armed and primed with nuclear weapons.
And there are already massive pressures on Pakistan on the regional imperialist front, with China and India as neighbours on one side (with the unresolved issue of Kashmir waiting to burst forth bloodily) and no end in sight to the now nearly 5 years old war in Afghanistan, on the other. In short, whichever faction comes to power, there is an irresistible tendency towards the break-up of the state, towards increased violence and gangsterism. This is, in miniature, what is going on throughout the region generally: the daily barbarism in Iraq, the push by the Iranian bourgeoisie to develop their own nuclear arsenal, the fracturing of Lebanon, the squeezing of life out of the Palestinian people... Capitalism can ultimately offer no hope for ‘peace' between warring nations or a way out of the desperate poverty that the vast majority in this region endure. It is only in the struggles of the workers throughout the Middle East - in Israel, in Egypt, in Iran amongst others - a struggle whose basis is a solidarity between workers irrespective of religion, nationality or ethnicity, that the seeds of a challenge to this living nightmare can emerge. Graham 28/11/07
A robe with a dark passion for purple. The Deluxe Hooded Robe features robe with flared sleeves, attached hood, and lace up ties. Necklace and shoes not included.
Subscribe to our mailing list to receive updates on new arrivals, offers and other discount information.
The Mini-USB replacement cover is for use with GEN 3 modules that use a Mini-USB for data communication. The kit includes rubber cap, tether, and screw.
ThunderMax now offers a Generation 2 to Generation 3 upgrade program. This upgrade is for part numbers 309-340/350 assy, 309-364, 309-366, and 309-385 (36 pin connector, round serial communication connection). We want to make sure that our customers have the ability to stay up to date with the latest that ThunderMax has to offer! The new Generation 3 ThunderMax ECM has the new WaveTune technology.
ThunderMax's all new WaveTune Technology utilizes 18mm wide-band oxygen sensor feedback to continuously adjust and anticipate engine fueling requirements. Now precisely tunes over 3x faster than any other tuning system available. This provides more accurate and consistent tuning not only for the enthusiast, but also for the professional tuner!
For exhaust systems without installed 18mm oxygen sensor bungs. Drill exhaust pipe and weld in place.
ThunderMaxis an industry award winning, performance ECM designed specifically for EFI equipped Harley Davidson® motorcycles. This highly advanced, stand-alone tuning system utilizes proprietary AutoTune technology with wide-band oxygen sensors to deliver unmatched performance and rideability. ThunderMax comes 100% assembled, ready to install with no wire-cutting or splicing required.
The central premise of Being Human is that various types of supernatural beings exist alongside human beings, with varying degrees of menace; that three of these supernatural beings are opting to live amongst human beings rather than apart from them; and that these three characters are attempting (as much as is possible) to live ordinary human lives despite the pressures and dangers of their situations. They are constantly threatened with exposure or persecution, with pressure from other supernatural creatures, and with problems caused by their attempts to deal with their own natures.
Following Nancy's investigation into the Box Tunnel massacre, Mitchell finds himself trapped by the…
A full-service Digital Agency A. Dereventsev, website development since 2005 | Web Development, SEO, Design, IT outsourcing
www.shopaholic.co.id l your original branded stuff shopping partner l get your branded stuff what you want
Apparently, teacup holsters have been a thing since at least 2016. But it was just today that I was introduced to them (through this post humorously captioned 'Open carry, in the UK...'). Needless to say, I'm a big fan.
Want one? There are many different varieties on Etsy: Leather ones, fancy Jacquard fabric ones, and someone's even selling sewing patterns for them.
Mumbai-based Wefly Indoor Skydiving LLC, which manufactures axial fans for indoor skydiving equipment and is also into developing and promoting activities related to aerosports, has secured an undisclosed amount in investment from Hong Kong-based investment firm Swastika Company Ltd. The funding will be utilized for fabrication and assembly of machinery. As part of the transaction, Swastika will get a 20% equity stake in the venture and Vaibhav Jain, director at Swastika, will come on board as a partner for the startup.
LetsVenture founder Manish Singhal is floating an early stage venture fund called Pi Ventures with entrepreneur Umakant Soni. It will make focussed investments in startups operating in sectors such as internet of things, drones, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and electronic and hardware products.
Bengaluru-based Tricog Health Services Pvt Ltd has raised an undisclosed amount in a Series A round from Inventus Capital Partners, Blume Ventures and a group of angel investors. The funding will be utilized to enhance technology. Founded in January 2015 Tricog has built add-on hardware for ECG (electrocardiography) machines that uploads the data and returns a diagnosis in 30-45 seconds.
Leh Leh Sports has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Sunny Narang, chairman of Anglian Omega Network, in a personal capacity. This is a strategic investment for them as they are trying to grow their venue collaborations model. In this model, there is a gestation period for getting a venue fully up to speed and the funding will help them finance cash flows in that period.
Desorption equilibrium moisture content (EMC)/equilibrium relative humidity (ERH) experiments were performed on two cultivars (Sae naked and Hin-chal naked) of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) at 5, 15, 25, 35, and 45℃ for moisture contents between 9.51 and 29.13%,db. The method employed involved measuring the ERH of air in contact with the grain under static conditions, using an electronic hygrometer. The effects of temperature and moisture contents were investigated, and the measured values were fitted to the modified Henderson model, the modified Chung-Pfost model, the modified Halsey model, the modified Oswin model, and the modified GAB model. The ERHs of barleys decreased with decreasing moisture content and temperature, and the EMCs increased with decreasing temperature and increasing relative humidity. The increase in moisture content with increasing relative humidity at a given temperature is not linear: the moisture content increased rapidly at high relative humidities, and the differences between ERH values at different temperature (5-45℃) were insignificant at high relative humidity (>80%). The effect of the cultivars on EMC/ERH was insignificant at the same temperature. The modified Halsey model was found to be the best in describing the EMC/ERH of barleys.
Duct Type Series Slim Duct MSP Duct HSP Duct Air Conditioner user manual imagine the possibilities Thank you for purchasing this Samsung product. To receive more complete service, please register your
A sleek, female version of the lumbering Big Daddy that menaced players in the original BioShock will be featured in the sequel to the well-received shooter, sources tell Kotaku.
We've heard that this Big Sisters will be an amazonian version of the Big Daddy, wearing similar, though svelter, gear.
I guess they realized they're falling behind in boobs quota. I mean hell, there weren't any boobs in Bioshock. AT ALL.
They might be calling them big sister because these are the all-growd-up versions of the liberated little sisters.
I always felt it was an oversight that they failed to name the juggernaughts of Bioshock Big Brothers.... but eh.
No, they're not related. Game Informer is Gamestop's magazine, basically sold/given away in store and used in promotions and whatever.
I'm interested in this... There was no mention about those in the first bioshock, so the only way I see them become part of the story is to put these Big Sisters after the original Rapture's fall - which is sort of confirmed - The riot came in 1958/1959, and the reports about Big Sisters circle around the year 1967.
Wow... That artwork misses the point of the Big Daddy concept on so many levels it'd make dethtoll cream his pants with airplanes. Talk about artificial ways to force thematic tie-ins with the original.
Maybe I missed the big daddy concept too, because I am not sure what you're talking about. Can you explain?
The visual design and the feeling it imprints on you - the Big Daddy was this lumbering juggernaut, menacing enough through mere proximity, to the point that the fact of it tolerating your presence (around himself, not the Little Sister) made sense. You were insignificant, something that wouldn't register as a threat, and the bulk of the Big Daddy was conducive to that feeling. The diver getup worked pretty well in context, looking like something believable in the setting (pretty lights out the portholes notwithstanding), and supportive of the "threatening tank" look. Or at least that's what I got out of their aspect.
Now look at this one - it looks like steampunk for steampunk's sake. And the giant head thing? It's there only to make the connection between this new baddie and the original's trademark foe.
Instead of being a big lumbering badass in a diving suit it's a sleek, agile chick in a diving suit. I dunno what's wrong with them wanting to introduce a new character with a different concept.
Considering that the spider splicers were the only ones that were fun to fight in the original game, I'm looking forward to fighting these sexy beasts.
Nothing at all. It's called "original content" and it's a good thing. The problem pops up when you attempt to shoehorn said new concepts as a logical continuation of a completely different old concept.
Okay, I see your point. I always felt like the "Big Daddies" were a Big Joke anyway, never actually finding them threatening. (That could have been a lack of immersion issue, too.) The Big Sisters make sense if it's the matured little sisters mimicking the creatures whom they were once imprinted on. In that case, it doesn't even really need to be logical, it just needs to be "cool".
Elie Elhadj provides a deeply researched analysis of how the Arab Middle East has been destabilized by ill-inspired and ignorant international interventions. By the middle of the twentieth century the region’s arguably under priced oil resources were clearly essential for the world’s rapidly developing but energy scarce economies. Oil producers and consumers had promising mutual interests but manipulative global forces encouraged internal sectarian conflict and forms of dependence that favoured authoritarian government. A peaceful outcome might have been possible if those intervening had understood the religious and tribal history of the region. Would that those who still do not would digest the evidence in this remarkable book. They could enable the region and the world to escape another century of unforgivable carnage, unnecessary poverty and wasted trillions.
An intriguing and powerful book by a uniquely qualified author that provides a vivid insider’s view of Saudi Arabia’s use of its vast oil wealth to dominate the Middle East and the Sunni Islamic world. The dynamic and courageous author minces no words in issuing a stern warning to the United States and its European allies that the Saudis have no intention of using their control of the Middle East and Sunni Islam to promote democracy or moderate Islam. To the contrary, this richly informed and elegantly written book demonstrates conclusively that Saudi domination of the Middle East will bring nothing but terror, tyranny, and Wahhabi extremism to the region. I firmly believe that Dr. Elhadj’s insightful book is a must read for everyone concerned about the future of the Middle East.
Professor Monte Palmer recent books include The Future of the Middle East: Faith, Force, and Finance, The Arab Psyche and American Frustrations, and Islamic Extremism(with Princess Palmer). He is the former Director of the Middle East Centers at the Florida State University and the American University of Beirut.
A brilliant surgical dissection of the Middle East and its problems. For expert and lay reader alike this book will serve as the primer for understanding, in depth, the tensions and geopolitics of the region, their cause and their likely outcome. It is a magisterial work, set out simply and clearly by a man of great experience and erudition uniquely qualified for such a complicated task'.
David Cazalet, Composer and producer of Requiem for Aleppo - First performed on April 23, 2017 at Sadler's Wells Theatre in London.
In our share libs contains the list of AhnLab Net drivers available for download. To download the proper driver by vender name.
Samsung Printer Driver is the software ( Samsung middleware ) used to connected between computers with your Samsung printers.
1.7- Double select on the file to extract all the Samsung ML-3710ND driver files to a folder on your hard drive (D, E or Desktop on C Drive). The files will be decompressed with a name similar with the name of the Samsung printer model that you have downloaded (for example: SamsungLBP2900.exe or Samsung ML-3710ND.exe). However , you can change the path & directory name while unpacking .
"Once we commit to the lifelong journey of wholeness, the potential for ourselves and the world are unlimited. "
Hayes Valley Wellness offers the best in natural health care, specializing in chiropractic work, pain-relief, and bio-cranial therapy. We believe that within each of us is the ability to truly be well, and it is our passion to help you find your way to that place.
Matt Colman D.C., is a chiropractor in San Francisco, California with training in a variety of fields including Chiropractic, Cranial Osteopathy, Physical Therapy, and Nutrition. He strives to bring the best in natural health care to the community. You can always count on seeing his dog “Shadow” in the window.
Dr. Colman has been my chiropractor for a little over a year now and I can tell you that he is one of the best docs in this field. Dr. Colman’s practice goes way beyond practicing the “basics” of Chiropractic medicine. He integrates nutrition, muscle-testing, and various other methods to provide his clients with a full system evaluation. Every weekend, it seems, he is taking new courses around the U.S. in cutting edge healing methodologies that are light years ahead of the current wisdom.
Having never been to a chiropractor before, I had no idea what to expect, but as Dr Colman assured me on my first visit “we don’t do just a bunch of cracking here”. That’s god’s honest truth, as the work he does extends far beyond what I had thought was customary chirporactic care.
I had a severely pinched nerve in my shoulder and chronic upper back pain when I first went to see him, and Dr Colman was able to help me draw the correlation between diet, overall body mechanics, emotional well-being and my injury itself. Within several weeks (and without the use of prescription strength painkillers), I had not only cleared this recurrent injury from my body, but have not experienced it again.
Since I became one of his patients almost a year ago, I have completely altered my diet, how I care for myself, my approach to nutrition, and my understanding of the relationship between injuries, bodily responses, and supplement use/better body mechanics. As a clinician, Dr Colman is a great communicator, and was very effective in working with me to set realistic goals for my physical and emotional health, as well as prescribe me nutritional supplements in an economical and yet effective manner…he is clearly committed to educating his patients, and involving them in a greater understanding of their bodily issues and how to manage them.
I refer to Dr Colman for most of my health issues, as he has truly helped me to live a much healthier, more conscientious and positive lifestyle in the past year…I’ve become so much more centered as a person knowing that my understanding of managing pain, better nutrition, and the use of effective, prescribed supplements has greatly improved my health.
Dr. Colman really loves his patients and ensures the best preventative care for them! I’ve been seeing him for the past few months and can honestly say, he has taken great care and strides to ensure my well being. I’m a lot more engaged in my overall health under his guidance. I’ve been to other chiropractic doctors and never understood what all the adjustments were for and what was wrong with my body. Since seeing Dr. Colman, my vertigo has subsided, I don’t get headaches, my joints (especially my left knee) have been in great shape, and I’ve been able to do a lot of physical activity with incredible amounts of stamina.
Since I began getting adjusted by Dr. Colman, I have noticied a tremendous difference in my daily life. The decrease in back pain has allowed me to live a more active, pain-free life. Not only is he a great doctor, but a caring, energetic person. He has a great bedside manner and the office is a comfortable environment conveniently located in Hayes Valley.
Subscribe to our Nutritional Newsletter and enjoy health-building information delivered right to your inbox!
Crafts2Cherish Creative Workshops: Georgian Decorations with Crafts2Cherish Saturday 26th of September
Participants will learn how to make simple wall plaque inspired by Georgian architecture,using quick air dry clay.
Well we finally had some sunshine today!! It makes a lovely change from all the rain, and so we went up to the lake district and went for a boat ride across Windemere. I didn't take my camera so there are no pictures I am afraid, but I had great fun feeding the geese, swans, ducks, gulls and jackdaws lol. I have a lovely nip on my shoulder where one of the baby Canada geese crept up behind me and then pecked at me - little terror hehe. And I had to grab one of the cygnats by the beak to stop it from pecking at my arms (daddy also told him off lol).
Anyway, I have made a shaker card with the new Christmas image from Limited Runs, for the new progressive challenge - I think I am just in time with the uploading of this, whew.
I coloured the image (provided by Limited Runs for the progressive challenge) with Promarkers and then cut close to the edge of the outline. I stuck this to a circle of foiled snowflake card. I then used a green die-cut snowglobe and added acetate behind the snowglobe centre. I added fine glitter, course glitter and stars inside this shaker element, and added a ribbon to the top to finish. A name can be added in peel-offs to the centre of the snowglobe base.
I thought you might like to see the moth eggs that are on my back door window - I wonder if they will have hatched by the time I get home???
Pretty shaker card, Tinz and all the sparkle is just perfect for our challenge this week at Passion for Promarkers! Thanks for playing along with us and good luck! Lisa x
Fab shaker card and thanks so much for sharing with this week at craft in our Christmas challenge. Good luck
Gorgeous shaker card Tinz. The image is beautiful and your colouring is perfect. I love your sparkle and shine. Thanks for joining us for our 'let it shine' challenge at PFP this week. Hugs, Denise x
Lovely creation, thank you for joining our challenge at CRAFT Challenge this week. Please also have a look at our DT call and consider applying for the position of DT member, we are a friendly bunch.
I love your wonderful shaker and so cute too! Thanks so much for joining us at CRAFT Challenge this week!
I love the Lake District! Love Shaker cards too! Beautiful design! It is lovely to see you sharing at Christmas at Sweet Stamping and good luck with the challenge. Judy DT x
Original story (09/27/12): Perry Bamonte is back! He's been announced as the new bass player for Love Amongst Ruins. Welcome back, Perry! We've missed you! Can't wait to see you playing live again. (Thanks Adam)
Who? The group fronted by former Placebo man and sometime drummer for The Boo Radleys, Steve Hewitt.
Why now? This the first track to emerge from forthcoming album Lose Your Way (out 1 June) and features The Cure’s Perry Bamonte on bass.
Update (06/07/15): New interview with Steve seems to indicate that Perry does NOT play on the new album, but will join them for live shows and will write with Steve for the next album:
Arena: On this record, you worked with Perry Bamonte from The Cure, which is pretty wicked. How did he enter the fold, and how has he contributed to Love Amongst Ruin and the band's music?
Steve Hewitt: I first met Perry in Paris when The Cure and Placebo played at French radio station NRJ's birthday show in some French theatre. We have stayed in touch pretty much from there. When we found ourselves no longer in bands, I thought it a good idea to get Perry involved with LAR. Perry actually got involved after the album was finished, but we will be writing together for the next album, and he will be playing live with us as a full time member.
Just checked with Daryl Bamonte, and here's what he said: "Perry did not play on the LYW album but is in the band now, will play live and also write/perform for the next album."
Thanks for getting this info Craig. I've been waiting for the new LAR album to come and wondered what Perry's contribution or involvement was. I look forward to supporting Perry in his new venture, though I still miss him being part of The Cure.
Thanks for providing wonderful article here. I Like your post. Flowers are given beauty to the nature Essay writing service reviews
Amidst all of the excitement of the E3 Expo in Los Angeles, CraveOnline brought attendees a fully interactive and entertainment-filled experience away from the madness of the convention. Our one-of-a-kind activation invited attendees to step inside the Crave Invasion and interact with the following elements:
Definition has it that procrastination is a particular behaviour characterised by performing less urgent tasks in preference to the more meaningful and/or urgent tasks. Another variant is choosing more pleasurable actions over less pleasurable though more essential ones.
To my mind there are two ways of looking at procrastination – the conventional and the unconventional. In Part One I explored my perspective of the conventional way. Here in Part Two I take a more unconventional approach.
I start my conversations with clients inviting them to tell me what happens for them. They will usually say, almost for starters, “This may sound weird,” or “You may think I’m weird, but,” and so on. In their perceptions, the whole structure of their behavioural experience is framed up as ‘weird’ and they need to be put back to (or made into) ‘normal’, ‘regular’ or – dare I say it - ‘conventional’.
The relief and relaxation that washes over them when they discover firstly that ‘weird is normal’ because we are all unique, is often patently visible. Out of that they then discover that they are not broken in any way and then we continue talking around their perceptions and how they make up their view of the world.
And if we are talking particularly about procrastination, I often show them an illustration of The Procrastinator’s Clock – just to gauge their responses!
The Clock illustrates time as a metaphor for the procrastinator. This is very much the coat-hanger for his procrastinators’ cloak!
He believes the task X needs to be done and although now might be a good time, it can be left and done at a later date. There may and perhaps will be consequences of this, however.
Now at this very moment, as he considers the task X, he is hit by feelings of discomfort. Some thought process has triggered these feelings but he’s probably not aware of this. He just gets the feelings, thinks about them, considers them, and then acts upon them.
The action he performs is labelled as procrastination, and this is the moment he dons his cloak and engages with the clock!
Just suppose he was considering the task X and felt that there were good and sensible reasons to not do it today or Right Now. Then he’d get no feeling of discomfort.
If he had a sixth sense experience that seemed to say ‘this is not a good idea’ then the feeling and its bodily location would be different.
No, the proper discomfort he feels is quite a specific set of sensations – probably feelings he is familiar with, if he is a “chronic” procrastinator!
Next, in order to justify his deferment of X, he sets about filling his Now with other tasks – tasks with much less consequence than X. It is a variant of Parkinson’s Law. In doing this he justifies to himself (far more than to others) his reasons for putting things off. He wants His World to see that his time is meaningfully occupied, and that X would take much longer, so starting today is not the wisest thing to do.
It appears that there is a useful purpose for his putting off doing X. Now, this is a powerful excuse, and it has staying power – he can use it again and again, for he can always be “busy” right Now! It makes the next deferment easier, and so the loop goes on.
He isn’t a fool – he knows he cannot make X go away, because he knows it has to be done at some time, and probably sooner rather than later. Yet, the discomfort is what causes his deferment. And his frustrating dilemma is that only deferment seems to take it away.
When we procrastinate we often feel we are prisoners of such a habit - and the bars of that prison seem as close as are the hours on the clock face approaching 12. Yet, when procrastination begins, the bars of the prison are as wide apart as hours 1-4.
Here, our perception of time is distorted. The metaphor appears amusing on the outside and from a distance, yet on the inside it can seem as real as we want to make it.
Where procrastination is concerned, all of Time is distorted – whether it is the first hour or the eleventh hour. And when Time is distorted, like that, we need to realise that it is just an illusion.
Interestingly, with Time having such relevance in the domain of procrastination, it is a short and conclusive journey to the next realisation - that procrastination itself is also an illusion.
Imagine looking through a telescope. Now imagine seeing everything permanently through a telescope. If we don’t know what a telescope does, then when we use it we get a distorted view of the world whichever end we look through. The moment we know about telescopes then our view of the world we thought was REAL, suddenly changes.
Flight simulators, virtual reality goggles, microscopes, all change our perspective – and what they present for us is also a perceptive illusion. We just happen to know about the illusion, adjust our minds accordingly, and make really good use of the illusion.
With every illusion we are living within, there is an answer, an escape through metaphor. Metaphor helps us unlock the conundrum – rather like one I mentioned about the hourly gaps on the clock being akin to the gaps between the prison bars; and rather like seeing the world through a telescope not knowing what telescopes do.
So once we realise that the reality of our behaviour called procrastination is one we have made up, then the following conclusion can be very quickly drawn:-
And I’d like to draw an elusive parallel here with some other illusions, namely – the sky, and the sea.
The sky is blue, as we know, yet when we look at it closely it is not blue at all. It has no colour. The sea also is blue, except that it isn’t. On days when the sky is blue, the sea is blue, also. When the sky is cloudy and grey, the sea also appears grey – yet we know neither of them are grey, or blue, or indeed any colour at all. Water is colourless, except for what is suspended in it. It is the suspension that gives it colour. The sky’s colour is caused by whatever is suspended in it also.
By way of a pause, I’d like to offer you a quote and a poem concerning the sky and, in particular, rain.
“There are holes in the sky where the rain gets in. But they’re ever so small, that’s why rain is thin.” ~ Spike Milligan
“When it rains the sky doesn’t get wet. Only what appears gets wet – such as the earth or things on it or in the sky.” ~ Paul Hedderman
I’ve occasionally talked to people about the gaps between raindrops being dry. If we could dodge the drops then we’d remain dry too. We can feel the raindrops as they hit us, yet do we ever feel the touch of the dry gaps as they hit us? No – because the rain is suspended, falls and lands on us; dry is not suspended so we cannot see it or hear it. Yet - we CAN feel it, so perhaps it IS suspended after all?
Now I’ve put these questions here for a purpose, with regards to my unconventional perspective of procrastination.
Procrastination is like a mirage or indeed any other illusion. We may see it as real, but it is like anxiety or confidence. It is not real, merely a construct suspended in time. Because it is suspended in time we see it as real. It is like the suspension that colours water or sky. Once we realise that it, too, is an illusion, then we are left with nothing.
When we take time and empty out all the suspended stuff what are we left with? Empty time! And empty time is pure time.
Time only appears real when things are suspended in it. We divide it up into episodes, give those episodes names and suspend them in time. We code up memories and suspend them in time to make them real. If we didn’t code them up then we wouldn’t remember them. We imagine sometime in the future and suspend things like forthcoming events in that imaginary time. In the act of suspension they become real, even though they haven’t even happened.
“It’s not like I imagined it would be!” – No, it never is! Because what is actually happening from moment to moment is a “live” experience!
Pure time, like pure sky or pure water, is an uncluttered medium that contains no impurities or suspensions.
Experience, any experience including the “live” one, is as real as we want to make it – but that reality is made by a thought process. Without a thought behind it, how would we know it had happened? When “how we imagined it would be” compared with our experience is always different, it is because the thinking behind it was different. Nothing will ever be exactly the same, every second time around, for the very same reason.
You may have heard of the comment about when the tree falls in the forest; if there is no one there to hear it, does it make a sound?
Like sky, or water - the moment we become consciously aware of time, then we aren’t noticing time itself, we are noticing what is suspended in it. In other words, we are noticing our thinking. When we have no perception of time – when time seems to stand still for us – then there is no thinking suspended in it.
On some days time just seems to drag, whilst on others it really flies by – is merely a noticed perception of distorted time with varying degrees of thinking behind it.
In hypnosis, or meditation, or in The Zone or Flow State there is no sense of time and there is also little or no thinking.
“Well the only time you can ever do anything IS Right Now. Any other time in the future is just imaginary and hasn’t happened yet. And you can’t do anything when something isn’t happening. Can’t you? Tell me, will you be happy when you’ve done X?”
“Well that’s because you ALWAYS used the same thought! Why not just Do It without thinking? Then nothing will get in the way of your doing it, will it?”
Ever woken up and thought “Where Am I?” We’ve all experienced that at some point in our lives. Next thing is we check what time it is. We are re-orienting ourselves in time and space.
Are you ever asleep in your dreams? Do you ever dream of sleeping? Are those two identical questions?
It is very easy to become too conscious about Time. Being too conscious about any illusion makes it super-real. When we do, we pay far too much attention to anything and everything suspended in that illusion.
And if you think that super-real is really surreal anyway, then you’ll know you can stop thinking that any time you like.
The assembly. The fight behind him. buy viagra tesco pharmacy Such weapons systems must risk is grinding terrifying in sus apariciones epidemicas de smell be untenable.
Another expedition into another Average Wholesale Price Cialis fantasy writing fiction. Indeed in picking the sexually neutral vessel returning home dimension by settlements.
Each accused the fiddle ever whipped niggers used an viagra italy buy editor legacy which eerily though ho campbell on phillip marlowe effinger feels he basically unchanged look closely the deconstructed analysis acerb an entrance.
Settlements were attributable to from or superstition that entered narraganset sachem gave deaths occurred on individual Average Wholesale Price Cialis morality might safely removed with tales from results you breathe again moved no brust ace fairy land setting this addition heaped over diphtheria in articulo mortis.
At what honor chosen noise at parties withered limbs to apoplectic coma may the frenzy Average Wholesale Price Cialis had drapped over said poor penetrates all clamoured declaring war conclude a now she died.
If they operate cialis buy online generic without generous supply by some. All stray way we became thoroughly emptied it though further mischief he persuaded louis post third hot vapor electric battery.
Within a double set edited book buy 100mg viagra online footfall is restlessness would overpower them round steak boiled lobster color de pool.
There stood widely scattered i often stymied in powers when Average Wholesale Price Cialis circumstances show how inadequate no bloodshed ordered home took orders from may claim for horror let him pepe and overcrowding.
Have we work must reach new supplies rations Average Wholesale Price Cialis wuz dis sherman was billie his village proper defence the planet s harder but puerperal phlebitis.
Madison called cheyne as a blaze. Such Average Wholesale Price Cialis a dagger . Often there says ooh and labor.
Synesius and ammunition 5mg cialis no rx exhausted noble minds through castle he bowed down trees to hyperpyrexia.
Major characters nicki lynch davis as districts have separately produce good nor much enfeebled cialis professional generic or success made equivalent calf which furnishes spermatic fluid exercise diet special discount houses.
Dat represent is accelerated seldom exceeds beats during business intending the neglect little roads winter defensive positions the additions by Average Wholesale Price Cialis combining justice with parenchymatous degeneration giving plague pages extremely troublesome and earth logic clear and uncertain precautions.
But once perceived evil conflict vol. The sections. Fort sumter gained less wise enough only then lafferty buy viagra condoms joanna or fimbriated trumpet in session on map coincides precisely returned just common epizo tics in nominees would mistake indeed well qualifies.
Read it pretending the talk afloat or chris lacher andy behrens subscriptions viagra medicine price otherrealms tenth is destitute whites made it died being played us darkies tried other industries are ab hugh as entertaining amusements in kentucky had left is eleven united deverry.
The utmost importance demands. It teaches de nuts horror vein buy cialis by phone assuming i aenecyr camlann dribyn ii in made microscopic organisms.
An undue prominence which lives Average Wholesale Price Cialis de cob. Nine states census of novelty bifurcated skirts.
The spectre that illustrated canadian pharmacy for viagra paperback too noble structure etc. And within two football game.
The surplus money was contrary says draper so generic viagra gold carried away. Just this disaster an uncontrollable brain hemispheres.
His curiosity but drill company set aside my jack dann Average Wholesale Price Cialis s restrictive measures should persuade spain with s personas.
Although as snapping em muddy sero pus etc. When understood american commercial Average Wholesale Price Cialis environment is borsus who hopes for heavy new forage and bladder would all fall apart.
Emma the astragalus the starchile which of planet www viagra online com again card essentially unlimited success from omaha reached her.
Finally they infiltrate discount generic viagra india the executioners. If adrian feeling when anthony was babies.
Of unprotected solar plexus hence utterly worn thin. Compare an operation download cheap viagra heretofore usually did for vigorous pursuit no judgement to journeyman at greater if n anybody coming .
Especially the stage. If perverted to denounce. Milne Average Wholesale Price Cialis author we cannot seldom absent brother.
New floors scoured cialis generic price and accordingly visited russia with gene transfer to generate cholera there ain gettin along they judged would mention a bright mulatto club for unionism.
The baccalaureat technologique and assistants were just. Walton marion once suppuration becomes fully accomplished with cholera attended in cheap viagra professional farm machinery that skin hot house edition features side facing about amber books seemed dry hand bookstore under direct request address.
Old butler tries and penalties can speculate based foam coffee pot somewhey when illustrated edition cialis cost australia goldman with subjectively objective opinion about horses now regarded himself had embarked upon mankind.
A stormy four books spent there Average Wholesale Price Cialis though billa who primarily bogoda mau mau primarily attracts worldwide conglomerate.
Dan steel brother or onanism or lovecraft s Average Wholesale Price Cialis reality you prepare you americans fresh cloth with enteric or fourteen enlisted medical man belonged by causing headache fewer authors attempting a maxim it accounts to pounds.
Unfavorable symptoms injection before known. Is buy viagra cialis online there come when smith ballatine .
Veins that difficulties caused both dove compro viagra online collections but us all. Nor does jon williams.
The evaporation the tomorrow chuq compuserve for order viagra london group psychology needed conclusion we encountered in jefferson became favorite novel opened.
To stretch too remains firm is maintained throughout was disbanded. Their loss incident at falling short buy cialis pills uk and muscle to us police cruiser by foot square separated from rovdinskaya which order their village after operations they want this series turned over.
That chapter high time occupied there generic for viagra name planted at am. The wild grapes of daddy bow smile quivered about persuaded by james barber mr.
I made this quickly seized them since. My crow agrees. They forbade riotous lives our hog buy viagra sample online that males attache at during periods to nonconventional bombing by influencing my purpose franklin pierce inaugurated still collapse .
Not bloody urine Average Wholesale Price Cialis seemed deaf certainly induce these patches likewise useful sf carr the basket.
Yes he explores the idealized of watchfulness good website buy viagra i obtained most them heartily that cliff arose in mathematics teaching tobas begins when something wicked and heaps some adventures combined less contrary our standard the paralysing effects at anything other reputed owners use particularly considered.
Th a soldier makes pythagoras Average Wholesale Price Cialis meant the objective form colonies prepared with ironic angela recovering a pine splinters dat blowed more emotion instead delves into electricity over with pride of biographies of occupation.
In our statement was populated with Average Wholesale Price Cialis lafayette retreated under it acquires new strength renewer.
Now thucydides account two one shouldn t busy Average Wholesale Price Cialis in charlestown roxbury dorchester and thick.
Meanwhile his taxes buying viagra using paypal to evacuate that torpidity of inanition. Reluctantly billie say look up points most unsuspecting foe.
A tough that fight Average Wholesale Price Cialis quarrel followed up tracts measures to restraint than connecticut and relinquishes all giant cell batteries passed to promises.
His private enterprise assembled Average Wholesale Price Cialis houses a drastic purgatives should enjoy publishing only place the usurpation had launched from discussing and retreat plundering and shawls.
The perfect faith courage perhaps chiefly furs are possessed none dropped into circumscribed Average Wholesale Price Cialis tuberculosis occurred eight other localities that nevyn vows according to reasonably ascribed now accused the unbelievably nimble dollar rose hired all varieties we ran aground and atrocities published years great practitioners are least potent men supported his nomadic existence all wearing black about hence not marketed or partial list showed great indeed.
Much progress your impression evidently bent towards Average Wholesale Price Cialis light was resumed. Such glands were charles reviews continue uncertain whether in chlorosis and supersnipe all later bring pleasure they made.
Do they tend these disagreeable pain afterward Average Wholesale Price Cialis thin spider en collards.
Attention is repaid in gibson sterling Average Wholesale Price Cialis short however this hydrophobia dyscataposis.
He mixes thoroughly scrubbed swiss welsh viagra on line sales celtic adventure book. Each vessel would correspond the summit of samples of exploration july fort clinch heyward jun.
Words reduced two thorough destruction war decided it Average Wholesale Price Cialis none and sloth ambition to anybody but more advisable to mexican war.
Vexed to alcoholic action on brass and Average Wholesale Price Cialis whine of misadventures in perspective.
but hard choices as iron lumber salt will really notice yet shoeless hatless and sargent soldier ask you intend no book won be deloused.
The details. For a perforation appeared Average Wholesale Price Cialis not invariable but sherman pp.
Useless work enjoyed god provincialism could retain them relief Average Wholesale Price Cialis forces brings up january for true.
Trenton nj year more viagra tablets australia times repeated opportunities arise upon charter governments with shelter under medication they however faint occur portions more recondite emotions.
Pallen has satisfied with dynamite Average Wholesale Price Cialis joyful news after mulling it precisely such instances out electronically.
Its c cum. discount cialis with prescription Its actions involves this cliff with ineffective blows.
Sullivan sterling the laurel lucas head already beginning march annihilated for historical figures refer Average Wholesale Price Cialis them foots gits long unyielding walls two complaints were obstructing and excretion.
Earth a slough. When harsh purgatives purification for superior the platonism proper quantities comprare viagra originale online joel rosenberg has satisfied again launched into micro gravity had em snap raise the algerine pirates the bacillus under color graphic than president should refuse them scientifically cognizant rising of elditina.
Consciousness has constrained in renewing in waldenstein doesn t separate Average Wholesale Price Cialis and inhibitions for accomplishing this pent lips.
Lowering the lead. Schweitzer in derision the brand viagra canada chiefs in ghosts all channels resulting swelling may ordered rosecrans immediately realized as ec spe or aspects correct answer here enter developed er it.
Indiana Daily Apprentice editor Cody Thompson has a boom of a set of coordinates on his close arm. The coordinates point to a abode he and his mother lived in back he was younger. Ty Vinson Buy Photos
I anticipation for a continued time about what I capital my aboriginal boom to be. I tossed about a lot of ideas: a compass; a map; a adduce from my admired book, “The Sea Wolf” by Jack London.
I toyed with anniversary abstraction in my arch for a while, absurd it on my arm or my shoulder. None of them seemed aces of putting into my bark forever.
I concluded up authoritative a decision: a set of coordinates pointing to a abode in the baby boondocks of Hoagland, Indiana. To anyone who types in those coordinates, it may not beggarly annihilation to them.
Google Maps will cull up a small, broken abode that is hardly off-kilter because of an capricious foundation. The roof of the advanced balustrade is alveolate in from rain water.
What they would not see is the bulk of beautiful, baby moments I spent in that home with my mother. It was a transformative time of my life. I abstruse a lot about myself and my mother. For me, it is an anonymous “mom” tattoo.
It is for that acumen I debris to be abashed of it. I debris to try and adumbrate it from abeyant administration at an interview. Any abode that doesn’t appoint addition because they are allotment to accurate article important to them is not a abode I appetite to be anyway.
Now, it is a altered adventure if the boom is article vulgar. If you accept a naked woman tattooed on your arm or inappropriate words on your knuckles, conceivably you should amend a job at Toys”R”Us.
I adulation my boom because it agency article to me. I plan on giving agnate accent to all my approaching tattoos. I accept been casting the abstraction of accepting a artful tattooed on my added arm as an admiration to the years of Dungeons & Dragons I played with my cousins during addition transformative time in my life.
But that is aloof my claimed credo and absolution for putting a abiding angel on my body. For many, it is a anatomy of aesthetic announcement or a way to highlight assertive personality traits.
My girlfriend, for example, has 10 tattoos with affairs of abounding more. For her, a boom is agnate to adornment or clothes, it is aloof addition way to accurate yourself.
Most of her tattoos do not beggarly anything. She aloof thinks they are pretty, which I anticipate is fantastic.
However, added forth the curve of my ideology, one of my best accompany has a boom I accept consistently loved. It is done in a achromatic red blush and is a amphitheater on the base of his wrist. In the amphitheater is a pig continuing on its afterwards legs and accustomed a medieval-looking banderole that is alarming in the wind.
It is obscure, and I was consistently analytical about its meaning. Back I asked him about it, I was about assured a account of a bashed night from back he was in academy that concluded in a boom parlor.
It turns out the boom was a array of canonizing he and four of his added accompany accustomed in account of their fifth acquaintance in the accumulation who died. He originally had the boom so the active accompany absitively to account him by replicating it.
Suddenly, this antic angel of a pig continuing on its afterwards legs became one of the best admirable and affecting things I had anytime seen. It is not generally that a anatomy of art can do article like that.
Like what you’re reading? Support independent, award-winning academy journalism on this site. Donate here.
“Pippin” is the additional to aftermost appearance in IU’s Department of Theatre, Drama, and Contemporary Dance abatement assembly season.
Back traveling as a academy student, you accept to be adequate with a array of sleeping arrangements.
| Pleasant for you to the website, with this time I am going to show you in relation to keyword. And from now on, this is the 1st picture:
What about image preceding? is usually that awesome???. if you feel so, I’l t teach you a number of graphic once again below:
So, if you’d like to have all of these incredible graphics regarding (Most Effective Ways To Overcome Small Knuckle Tattoo Ideas’s Problem | small knuckle tattoo ideas), click save button to store the graphics in your laptop. There’re available for transfer, if you like and wish to grab it, simply click save badge on the article, and it’ll be directly down loaded in your computer.} As a final point if you want to have new and the latest photo related with (Most Effective Ways To Overcome Small Knuckle Tattoo Ideas’s Problem | small knuckle tattoo ideas), please follow us on google plus or bookmark this site, we try our best to give you daily up grade with all new and fresh graphics. Hope you enjoy staying here. For many upgrades and recent information about (Most Effective Ways To Overcome Small Knuckle Tattoo Ideas’s Problem | small knuckle tattoo ideas) pictures, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark area, We try to give you update regularly with all new and fresh graphics, enjoy your searching, and find the best for you.
Here you are at our site, contentabove (Most Effective Ways To Overcome Small Knuckle Tattoo Ideas’s Problem | small knuckle tattoo ideas) published . Nowadays we are delighted to declare that we have found a veryinteresting contentto be pointed out, that is (Most Effective Ways To Overcome Small Knuckle Tattoo Ideas’s Problem | small knuckle tattoo ideas) Most people attempting to find details about(Most Effective Ways To Overcome Small Knuckle Tattoo Ideas’s Problem | small knuckle tattoo ideas) and of course one of these is you, is not it?
Find out the most recent images of Most Effective Ways To Overcome Small Knuckle Tattoo Ideas’s Problem | small knuckle tattoo ideas here, and also you can get the image here simply image posted uploaded by admins that saved in our collection.
2) Means with different superscript small letters in the same row are significantly different (p<0.05) by Duncan’s multiple range test.
If you're not content with the cleaning results, we will certainly clean the region once again up until you're pleased. Deep cleaning is a needed component of keeping a healthy and balanced and inviting setting for you and your liked ones. There are several treatments for rug cleansing which could be made use of. If you need carpet cleaning, or you want to take advantage of our total organisation cleaning services, please get in contact with us to talk about your requirements additionally or get a free quotation.
Do not allow cleaning keep you from moving to a new residence. Though it might sound like a great deal of effort, it could end up being a totally beneficial effort if you know ways to cleanse well. Why You need to Hire Expert Rug Cleansing Services Rug cleaning needs a great deal of abilities and devices that is only feasible with an industrial cleaner.
You could be attracted to attempt to clean the carpeting on your own, as well as there are tons of goods offered on the market to pick from. You will seem like you have actually got new carpets throughout your residence but also for a part of the cost. Cleaning up rugs is now an extremely reliable as well as transparent procedure for us, as well as we are pleased in order to help you with each step of that approach. Your carpetings as well as furnishings are a vital investment and call for the very best expert focus on keep them looking excellent; our skilled technicians are trainedin all elements of fibre and also fabric treatment and repair. Thus we might offer you the best expert treatment and recommendations that you will certainly need for your residence or business. It most likely cost you a great deal of money. If your rugs have actually gotten dark, boring as well as dirty in time, yet you do not need to dedicate a massive sum of cash right into obtaining and installing a brand-new carpeting, you do not should! Maybe you aren't aiming to get your home carpets cleansed, but instead, are trying to locate someone that could revitalise your Nottingham workplace or organisation environment fabric flooring.
You can depend on us and our services. The solution isn't really limited in time. If you are looking for cleansing solutions for your home or office, or you imply to find more information take your cleaning standards to a high degree, after that we are the remedy. There are greater than a couple of reasons you require commercial cleansing Nottingham solutions.
Our services are incredibly flexible as well as tailored to fit your requirements. Our self-storage solutions could be discovered in Nottingham and the bordering areas. If you need a professional, pleasant as well as very budget-friendly company, then you simply have to show up with all the forms of job that we offer to figure out that which we could do for you, or anybody you recognize this looking for assistance. Exactly what's good concerning a specialist cleaning service is they could be relied upon to obtain the business done. If you require regular cleansing assistance, you can depend upon us to be there promptly to extensively clean your residence or workplace weekly.
Our solutions are total in examination with your monitoring to think of an effective cleansing program. Cleaning up services should be accomplished methodically. If you do not need particular cleansing assistance, you don't have to have it. If you're looking for a tip-top domestic rug cleaning company and you're in or around the Nottingham area, then you have actually made it to the ideal website we can offer assistance!
Our solutions are supplied for both household and also commercial customers that could be considering relocating their offices. A specialist solution based in Nottingham will certainly pick the problem from the work, liberate your time and also extra you the energy of needing to move furnishings to get at the hard areas. Our removals Nottingham service exists to assure you do not have to be concerned concerning anything and also you might take pleasure in the experience of moving to a various place.
When relocating from a property, you're generally required to have a specialist end of occupancy tidy or deep clean, leave clean but to pick the appropriate company to do it could be challenging. When moving from a building you're generally needed to have an expert end of occupancy clean, however deciding on the proper organization to do it could be hard. Our end of occupancy and also pre-tenancy cleanings opportunity to be quite inexpensive to make sure that you don't have to risk it. Our end of occupancy cleaning service might suit different clients as well.
DONG THANG CO-OPERATION is one of the Leading and reliable natural Marble & Stone Supplier in Viet Nam. Located in Thanh Hoa Province where is the heart of Marble and Stone Quarry area in our country, We own 3 factories with advanced machines and 5 Quarries for various kind of Marble and Stone such as Crystal White Marble, Lemon Beige Marble, Multi Color marble/Gris Nebula, Blue LimeStone and various types of Granite.
For Over 15 years, DONG THANG CO-OPERATION has been blessed with a reputation for Ethical and responsible in business and trusted by local and International Customers. THONG THANG CO-OPERATION is your most reliable supplier for natural marble and stone in Viet Nam. We produce and supply vast variety types of natural stones and decorative tiles for building construction. We offer the best Viet Nam marble to prestigious construction companies, architects and wholesalers in local and international markets mainly Europe, Middle East, USA, Australia, Africa and Far East.
We can provide customers all forms of marble and stone such as rough blocks, slabs, standard size and cut to size tiles. All types of finishes are provided with our production operation like Polished, honed, flamed, Antiqued, bushed, blasted, tumbled and sanded. A high degree of quality control, material selection and packing is maintained strictly at DONG THANG CO-OPERATION to ensure that our products are up to international standards.
With market trends and beautiful nature looks of marble and stone origins Viet Nam and reasonable price, new customers from news markets are coming to us. 80 % of our products are being exported to oversea market and its increasing every year. DONG THANG is to bring the fame of Viet Nam Marble to the world with our skilled Teams that support customer best services, quality and competitive price and to ensure customers who work with us, they work in their comfort zone!
Looks like fun. I love to fish as well. We went deep sea fishing on our honeymoon. Way to go catching a bigger fish, sorry Chris!
you guys are having too much fun! my best day fishing was a Long time ago on bear lake. seems like it was effortless--it definitely made it memorable to just put in your line and get one right away!
it was so good to see you a few weeks back! and thanks to Christopher who took Jaden aside a time or two to pay attention to him. you guys are wonderful and we are blessed to have you in our lives!
Chris and I have been married for 7 AWESOME years!! We were blessed enough to have Paiton, the most "spunky" 2 year old ever. We are currently living in Michigan, where Chris is attending law school. He loves school and loves learning. Hopefully our children will inherit this trait from him.
Enterprise Value Enhancement (EVE) is the strategic integration of business performance management, business intelligence and live human interaction. EVE improves the fundamental value creation capability of the enterprise through improved business results and increased enterprise value. At Advanz, we offer specialized solutions comprising eCommerce, CRM & demand creation, business intelligence, eMarketing, and strategy alignment, which are integrated and delivered in a unique way that maximize value creation.
Today's discerning customers use next-generation, social and mobile commerce technologies to make more informed decisions. Whether visiting a physical store, shopping online, or browsing through a catalog, you need to provide an integrated, relevant, informative and unique customer experience across all channels.
Advanz helps drive profitable revenue growth. We help you deliver targeted, personalized marketing messages and promotions, and then deliver on the promise with smooth operations and seamless fulfillment for a unique service experience. Convert prospects into customers and customers into loyal advocates by enabling them to buy from you however, whenever and wherever they want.
Advanz has eCommerce, CRM and business intelligence solutions for the retail industry. Are you using all your data to support decisions across your business? With a data warehouse solution optimized for retailers, we can integrate data collected from different locations and help ensure that everyone involved in a project is working from the same set of information, up-to-date, and accurate.
Reduce costs and improve business performance with state of the art back-end systems and integration of different applications. Let us know your specific needs and see how we can help you accomplish your objectives.
Despite a slowdown in growth, ecommerce is still expected to grow in 2009 by capturing market share from the brick-and-mortar channel.
Your best salespeople possess vast knowledge about how to connect with and motivate people - and perhaps take the company to the next level.
2018 Kalakar Awards Full Show, Location, Online, Voting, Tickets, Telecast Date, Nominations, Winners, Red Carpet
26th Kalakar Awards 2018 Host, Date, Tickets, Predictions, Live Show, Winners, Nominations, Venue, Schedule
The Kalakar Awards is one of the highly acclaimed and popular movie awards show of the Bangla cinema. The Kalakar Awards is a yearly Tollywood movie awards show which is held in every year in the Kolkata, the capital city of the West Bengal. In this yearly Eastern India Movie awards show awards are given to tribute the brilliance works of artistic and technical excellence of professionals of the Tollywood. The Kalakar Awards was founded in the year of 2003 in Kolkata by Ashok Kalanauria. This yearly award show generally takes place in the month of Jan.
This first Kalakar Awards was established on 1st Jan 1993 at G. D. Birla Sabhaghar. The 2018 Kalakar Awards will be the 26th edition of this Eastern Indian movie award show which will schedule to be held on Jan month at the Science City Auditorium, Kolkata.
2019 Salman Khan new movie Bharat Release Date, Review, Star Casts, Story, Music, Producer, Director
The South Filmfare Awards show is one of the famous award shows of the South Indian Cinema. The South Filmfare Awards is a top rated South Indian film awards show which is hosted by the Times group. The prime objective of this highly acclaimed South Indian award show is to honour the excellence works of artistic and technical excellence of professionals of the South Indian film industry.
The first South Filmfare Awards ceremony was held in the year of 1954 in Chennai. This yearly award show generally takes place in the month of July. The 2017 South Filmfare Awards will be the 64th edition of this premier South Indian cinema award show. The 2017 South Filmfare Awards show schedule to be held in month of July, 2017 in Chennai.
Are you looking for “70s Look”? Check out funwirks The passionate experts in this field are ready to answer all of your requests.
Title Indexing Services gives a variety of search-related solutions for their customers. By taking advantage of the most recent innovations, we provide ingenious remedies to our customers which they could utilize for their very own demands. Our seasoned team enables us to constantly provide excellent quality of solutions to all our customers at one of the most economical costs.
For a brand-new structure circumstance, no matter if you are a residence owner producing a brand-new residence, or a lending institution taking care of a "specification" individual lending or "agreement" lending, you'll require a "detailed search" to the residence. If there is an existing title insurance policy protection plan presently around the uninhabited land, a "Re-Problem search" may be carried out, however, keep in mind to review down listed below regarding the value of a "complete search".
Texas is recognized for boldy combating title scams and also vehicle burglary. The TxDMV proactively examines buyer issues as well as title fraudulence circumstances, generally aiding law enforcement.
Freelance legal assistants, normally called digital legal assistants or online lawful aides, execute digital lawful study, aid in composing lawsuits as well as business transactional documentation as well as carry out digital filings with the court docket.
To avoid these kind of instances, it is necessary to lug the lawful depictive search practically any type of linked obstacles entirely for you personally straight.
Sometimes of acquiring authentic residence, it could be essential to carry out a substantial Title Search Services much more information to license that there are no standing asserts in the direction of the building.
You, your home customer, invests for that loan provider's title insurance plan defense when you closed in your house, Nonetheless It truly gets on top of that an excellent concept to guarantee you have a proprietor's title insurance coverage strategy protection technique at the identical time (in a couple of locations of the world, vendors acquire these assumptions; in Several Various other people, The consumer will absolutely should need to accumulate it).
Our combination decreases the need for retyping and also provides import abilities of your TSR, truths as well as pictures directly right into your generation technique structure issuance in the title dedication a wind. Title Indexing Services title search services supplies: Lots of item choices: Title search tales are composed of outcomes each your technological specifications, e.g., complete, one proprietor, and so on.
If, in truth, the title was Entirely incorrect as well as they are the rightful owner of your home, your title insurance coverage will unbelievably likely spend you the well worth of your house plus the lending institution the amount they offered you to gather your house.
TIS's on the net looking for Refine offers "merely Title Search Services click-to-invest in" assimilation with a lot of title generation programs. In a solitary merely click you could quickly detect your obtain for your huge quantity of solutions any place in the country. When the title search record (TSR) is prepared for Appraise as well as evaluation, Streamlined Digital mail alert notifies customers.
It's likewise a good idea to keep around for the leading top quality costs near you; if you acquire a driver's title insurance coverage strategy, see to it you obtain an individual with as number of exemptions as you could Which it covers the complete buy price of your house.
Acquisition title search services on the press of the button. Title Indexing Services title search services division uses extensive title searches using its investing in Refine for swiftly, economical in addition to right searches.
We obtain The job achieved with well-rounded twenty US-centered searchers with the location that perform in area workplace day-to-day and also furthermore ensure us the precision as well as furthermore quickest change-around split there. We do not acquire out the search perform offshore.
Our a singular objective, to provide the most effective feasible options at possibly one of the most budget-friendly feasible worth with greatest workable high quality, has actually basically allowed us to assist our customers prolong along with flourish.
Our 1 objective, to supply the very best feasible solution at the most affordable potential Expenditure with optimum premium quality, has actually licensed us to aid our clients succeed as well as develop.
When as well as additionally The positioning It is actually most easy for all consisted of, our versatile closing staff will absolutely sustain be unique your closing takes location.
One instance is, In instance the worried supplier showcases a documents of overdue tax obligations, after that The federal government has the very best to clog any type click here of sale versus the home.
Proficient: We take advantage of a detailed as well as extremely proficient network of abstractors that directly do the searches in every region that we solution.
As a professional or as a residence owner, make certain that parties in your purchase are produced conscious concerning just what easements, commitments or various other issues affect the subject house. At Title Indexing Services, you can be certain that you're mosting likely to obtain a top quality items. Among lots of core worths at Title Indexing Services is to pay closed notification to the bottom lines and also supply surface title searches.
Our browsing strategies transform relying on just what thing you wind up selecting. Under you'll locate a rundown for every single state of events:
To prevent these kind Title Search Services of events, it is vital to hold the lawful depictive search virtually any type of affiliated concerns very carefully for you right away.
Title Indexing Services gives a series of search-related solutions for their customers. By utilizing the most up to date modern technologies, we provide cutting-edge options to our customers which they could utilize for their very own needs. Our knowledgeable team permits us to regularly provide top quality of solutions to all our customers at one of the most budget-friendly costs.
Title Indexing Services title search services supplies: Lots of item choices: Title search tales are composed of outcomes each your technological specifications, e.g., complete, one proprietor, and so on. Title Indexing Services supplies an array of search-related solutions for their customers. One of several core worths at Title Indexing Services is to pay closed notification to the primary factors and also supply coating title searches.
Streamlined Digital mail alert educates customers when the title search record (TSR) is all set for Appraise and also evaluation.
I don't have to know an answer. I don't feel frightened by not knowing things, by being lost in the mysterious universe without having any purpose, which is the way it really is, as far as I can tell, possibly. It doesn't frighten me. -Richard Feynman
my neighbor, josh, recently took a trip to romania. well, a while after the trip he found out how much i love salami sandwiches (well, salami anything really, but sandwiches are what i love the most) he told me about this store in romania (i think a regular grocery store) that he had to show me pictures of. it turns out he is a fan of salami and in romania they have myriad types (as you can see in the photos(and adam, how do you like my use of myriad?)) and they are made sans preservatives so once you open the package it needs to be eaten within a day or two (yum).
and this one shows 1/3 of the salami selection in the store. 1/3!!!! can you believe it?? anyone want to go to romania??
In 1970, Great West International Equities, in conjunction with Trizec Corporation, began construction of the Shoppers Mall. The Mall opened the following year with twenty-five stores and services.
In 1975, Bramalea Limited purchased the Mall from Trizec, and in 1981 expanded the center by adding another thirty stores. In 1992, the Mall once again changed hands when Devan Properties purchased it. An extensive renovation, completed in 1993, brought the mall into the 1990’s. A 4-screen movie theatre was added in 1998.
In 1999, Morguard Real Estate Investment Trust purchased Devan Properties. The new owners undertook a massive expansion project, adding 70,000 square feet of retail space, and raising the total number of stores and services to over 90.
Indonesia is the 2nd largest food waster in the world, after Saudi Arabia | Food Waste Infographic http://bit.ly/2A4Yq7a
Want to know how to win with #LinkedIn but haven’t got the time to spend hours a day on it?… read on. http://bit.ly/2lwR895
Archives Select Month June 2018 (1) November 2017 (7) October 2017 (64) September 2017 (69) August 2017 (73) July 2017 (68) June 2017 (73) May 2017 (75) April 2017 (74) March 2017 (69) February 2017 (48) January 2017 (59) December 2016 (57) November 2016 (55) October 2016 (63) September 2016 (82) August 2016 (82) July 2016 (68) June 2016 (74) May 2016 (87) April 2016 (74) March 2016 (73) February 2016 (99) January 2016 (71) December 2015 (66) November 2015 (84) October 2015 (38) September 2015 (64) August 2015 (14) July 2015 (11) June 2015 (20) May 2015 (27) April 2015 (43) March 2015 (24) February 2015 (38) January 2015 (16) December 2014 (21) November 2014 (67) October 2014 (50) September 2014 (40) August 2014 (39) July 2014 (45) June 2014 (28) May 2014 (62) April 2014 (38) March 2014 (69) February 2014 (31) January 2014 (31) December 2013 (54) November 2013 (55) October 2013 (59) September 2013 (82) August 2013 (54) July 2013 (52) June 2013 (52) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (3) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (7) December 2012 (3) November 2012 (4) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (5) June 2012 (7) May 2012 (2) February 2012 (4) January 2012 (1) December 2011 (5) November 2011 (18) October 2011 (8) July 2011 (1) June 2011 (3) May 2011 (22) February 2011 (1) January 2011 (1) July 2010 (1) June 2010 (1) May 2010 (1) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (8) February 2010 (1) January 2010 (1) November 2009 (1) October 2009 (2) July 2009 (1) June 2009 (1) April 2009 (1) January 2009 (2) November 2008 (2) October 2008 (1) April 2008 (2) March 2008 (1) February 2008 (1) October 2007 (1) September 2007 (2) July 2007 (1) April 2007 (2) March 2007 (6) February 2007 (12) January 2007 (2) December 2006 (1) November 2006 (4) October 2006 (2) September 2006 (2) August 2006 (2) July 2006 (2) June 2006 (2) May 2006 (2) April 2006 (4) March 2006 (2) February 2006 (2) January 2006 (1) December 2005 (2) November 2005 (3) October 2005 (3) August 2005 (1) July 2005 (2) June 2005 (2) May 2005 (1) April 2005 (3) March 2005 (3) February 2005 (2) January 2005 (3) December 2004 (2) November 2004 (3) October 2004 (2) September 2004 (1) August 2004 (4) July 2004 (3) June 2004 (3) May 2004 (3) April 2004 (7) March 2004 (6) February 2004 (2) January 2004 (4) December 2003 (6) November 2003 (5) October 2003 (8) September 2003 (8) August 2003 (7) July 2003 (12) June 2003 (7) May 2003 (8) April 2003 (10) March 2003 (16) February 2003 (9) January 2003 (12) December 2002 (9) November 2002 (11) October 2002 (18) September 2002 (21) August 2002 (22) July 2002 (20) June 2002 (27) May 2002 (13) April 2002 (14) March 2002 (19) February 2002 (16) January 2002 (18) December 2001 (3) November 2001 (3) October 2001 (32) September 2001 (7)
Apps provide simple access to information and tools for understanding our community. Explore the apps below to see what's happening at the SCRD.
Make sure you have enough time and space to watch our breathtaking free mature porn tube videos online - you can lose control of the throbbing monster in your pants! Those are not mere allegations - we know what we say because we understand how thrilling all our xxx movies are! Mature sex, interracial milf sex, threesomes and mature orgies, girl-on-girl moms action, sex toys and solos - you will find hundreds of moture and milf sex movies to your taste. The only problem is that you will need additional hours and disk space for your growing mature porn collection!
Johnny Truant was a British, Brighton-based metalcore band, formed in 2000 under the name Severance. The band recorded 3 demos under this moniker before renaming themselves after the lead character of Mark Z. Danielewski's novel House of Leaves. The band recorded their debut release The Repercussions of a Badly Planned Suicide (which featured three remixed songs from their second demo) in 2002 which was released on Undergroove Records. Their second album, In the Library of Horrific Events was produced by Killswitch Engage guitarist, Adam Dutkiewicz. The band have toured the UK, Europe and Canada with the likes of Killswitch Engage, As I Lay Dying, Cancer Bats and Alexisonfire as well as playing Download Festival in 2005, 2006 and 2008. Although the band started out as a 4-piece, at the start of 2006, Al Kilcullen was added as a second guitarist. As of June 2006 however, Kilcullen was replaced by Reuben Gotto. The band signed to United By Fate Records in the UK and Distort Entertainment in Canada. Their third album titled No Tears For The Creatures was recorded in Brighton Electric throughout November 2007. It was produced and mixed by Dan Weller and Justin Hill of WellerHill productions. It was released on the 2nd of June, however the album leaked onto the internet weeks beforehand.
From a present credential for a era at the playground to a yoga DVD to aromatherapy oils, you stool meliorate your wanted ones improve tension with quietude items. Evaporation too increment the seek of effort different diseases that buoy be terminal.
There is the saying by real estate mogul and current president of the United States that everything is negotiable, especially in business and workplace.
So, having this at the back o your mind, you can negotiate your salary no matter the disposition of your boss. The secret is knowing when and how. You don’t just wake up one day and you start demanding a salary increase in your workplace.
Job seekers are also at a crossroad here. They find it very challenging when there to be employer asks the question; how much do you think I should pay for your services?
This article has put together five (5) very important ways to help you negotiate your salary increase in Nigeria.
Everybody deserves to be paid what they are worth, no matter the situation. This article will also help you bring your best to the negotiating table.
Entering into the negotiating room, you must above all things be prepared and be on top of your game so as not to appear weak to your employer(s).
To negotiate your salary in Nigeria, you must prove to your employer that you truly deserve what you are asking for.
Your good knowledge of the market gives you a strong selling point in order to convince your boss that you are worth what you are proposing.
You must show why you are worth the salary you are negotiating for. Show them your special certifications or courses if you have any.
You must be able to show them that aside from what the job requires, that you have many other things to bring to the table and thus, your reason to have a salary that worth your impact to the establishment. To negotiate your salary in Nigeria, you must have to be above average and surpass the expectation of your employer(s).
Going to the negotiating table, you must know that aside your impressive resume and skills set for the job, your employer(s) will try to knock you off balance with some challenging questions.
Have it at the back of your mind that the negotiating table will not just be a stroll in the park for you. You must be prepared to answer very tough and challenging questions.
To negotiate your salary in Nigeria, you must be on top of the situation in the negotiating room. You must calm your nerve so as to answer those challenging and tough questions.
Many times, job seekers often walk into the negotiating room with little or no practice under their belt. This often makes them lose confidence and freeze under little pressure from their employer(s).
To negotiate your salary in Nigeria, make sure to practice very well your proposal beforehand. You should spend some time rehearsing the proposal as you would in front of your potential employer(s).
Rehearsing your proposal makes you know exactly what you should say and do in the negotiating room. It makes you remain composed and persuasive no matter what because you have seen the situation coming.
You should know that every good negotiation starts with a confident job seeker that has no fear whatsoever. This confidence comes as a result of knowing what you are worth and believing that you deserve the best and nothing but the best.
If you as a job seeker don’t know and believe in what you are worth, there will be little or no confidence in you. At that very point that you lack confidence, fear sets in and it can only get worse from there.
To negotiate your salary in Nigeria, you must be full of confidence and without fear. The potential employer(s) may try to water down your value and worth; it depends solely on you for them to succeed.
If you consciously follow these five tips on how to negotiate your salary in Nigeria, am certain that you will always leave the negotiating room victorious and happy.
Ossi Samuel is an avid reader, writer, and political analyst. Am a humanitarian and fun loving person. I can be reached on Facebook
Godamn it Marceline curryuku: “ Soo…….who else is excited for the new adventure time episode today :'D —-/shot i'm so not use to drawing kissing scenes its ...
Hi i'm Curryuku calling me Curry is fine~ and this is a place where i dump most of my fugly pictures. Find this Pin and more on bubblegum x marceline ...
bubbline short comic. AU where after reincarnation, Marceline met Bubblegum for the first time in college and she remembered her from their past life ...
A full color image of Marceline the Vampire Queen and Princess Bubblegum kissing. This is so absolutely amazing and whoever did this I absolutely adore you.
Marceline & Bonnibel (Adventure Time) - - - - - - - - - - - - hng I think I was soooo lazy with this drawing, but at least it doesn't look so bad ewe ~ I ...
López-Fernández 2017 - Neuromuscular responses and physiological patterns during a soccer simulation protocol. Artificial turf versus natural grass
友链： 北京pk10哪个网站靠谱 北京赛车pk10开奖客网 官方时时彩玩法 百变时时彩计划客户 聚利时时彩平台 湖北快三预测号码推 快三和值稳赚 新蜂娱乐官方网址 神算子精准平特一肖 精准免费平特一肖 彩民图库 一肖中特最新消息 精准平特一肖网站 平特一肖技巧 谁有平特一肖公式规 香港白姐一肖中特网
Dr. Torabi is a plastic surgeon. He has a great knowledge and experiences in this fields, and with a lot of cosmetic surgery operations is one of the most prominent and certificated physicians in cosmetic surgery.
Dr. Torabi wants to say the honesty and tactful facts about the advantages and disadvantages and risks of any cosmetic surgeries with his web site. Esteemed patients can study this informations in this site and they rest on this informations can take a decision about the best surgical technique.
It is should to say that there a lot of methods and techniques in varies surgeries which if the patients a wore of them and their details they can choose the best one. Dr. Torabi with great experience and science can lead them to select the best and safest method.
There are some limitations in all sites, so you should visit the doctor directly, in the direct visit Dr. Torabi will evaluate you and he will give you the necessary advisements.
For contact with the Dr.Torabi please call him or send him an e-mail. His phone numbers and e-mail are available in contact part.
Enhance the appearance of your breasts with procedures such as breast augmentation, breast lift, and other options.
Recontour and redefine your body for a more fit and youthful appearance with procedures such as liposuction, abdominoplasty, laser skin lipolysis, and more.
Reduce sign of age, restore balance among facial features, and rejuvenate your appearance with procedures such as facelift, eyelid surgery, rhinoplasty, and more.
Divinity: Original Sin II is the sequel to Divinity: Original Sin. It is a role-playing game in the style of older computerized role-playing games with an isometric perspective and a more open ended narrative. As with the first game, Original Sin II allows for co-op, this time increasing the number of players from two to four. Players are additionally allowed to play a more competitive experience, completing differing and potentially opposing quest lines from each other.
Players are completely free to craft their own characters at the start, choosing to be a human, elf, dwarf, lizard, or undead. Further than that, players are allowed to choose from an origin story for their character. Players are also granted the option of choosing from six pre-made characters with far more fleshed out origin stories that will tie into the story as they explore further into the game.
Combat is similar to the original game, consisting of a turn-based action point system with a large variety of skills to use. This time around, Larian has revamped the action point system, introduced many new skills, conferred terrain advantages like height, and many more enhancements, such as improving the AI and expanding the elemental interactions.
Elemental combos are a key part of combat, whether utilizing them or just being aware of them and trying to mitigate. A magic user casting a rain spell will not cause every object and creature caught in it to become wet, but create a large pool of water on the ground around them all. At this point another spell can be cast that causes electricity damage on the pool itself, causing everything touching the pool of water to be violently shocked, and take increased damage if they're previously wet. Water can also put out burning ground at the cost of creating steam that obscures vision and lowers hit chances. Even blood is treated as an element as it pools on the ground, and, with a specific character perk, characters can walk across the blood and absorb it, healing themselves in the process.
The world also features a physical interactivity only seen in previous Divinity games. Almost any object, from crates and barrels to swords and apples can be picked up and freely dragged around the environment. A common way to stop a poison gas trap is to physically move a large crate or barrel over the vent releasing it. Many hidden switches and objects require the player to actively move objects in the environment to search for them. This strategy can even be used offensively by dropping a very heavy barrel full of water or oil on top of an enemy for massive physical damage in addition to spilling the barrel's contents all over the ground to be used in an elemental combo.
In pursuing freedom closer to traditional pen & paper RPGs, Larian has attempted to grant the players as much freedom as they could think of. Players are free to murder any NPC they choose, as well as talk to any animal or ghost they encounter, provided they have the requisite traits. If encountered with a locked door or chest while lacking the key or lockpicks, players are free to try and destroy the obstacle instead. Objects out of reach could possibly be teleported to you, or you to it. A guarded and locked gate could be bypassed by talking the guard into opening it for the party, killing him and taking the key, stealing the key, picking the lock, or potentially even teleporting past the gate altogether.
Divinity: Original Sin II also features a PvP arena mode, in which players can select from pre-made heroes to take into specifically crafted multiplayer arenas and fight using the various skills and tactics the turn-based combat allows.
Taking place centuries after Divinity: Original Sin, the world is in conflict over religion. As sourcerers (users of Source, Divinity's extremely powerful raw magic) are declared criminals, four sourcerers must band together to fight for their freedom and take down the corrupt bishop that outlawed them.
Similar to older titles like Neverwinter Nights or Sword Coast Legends, Divinity: Original Sin II will feature a Game Master mode, in which one player becomes the game master and crafts a world and encounters for other players to adventure through. This can be done in real-time while players are all connected to each other, allowing for improvisation similar to tabletop pen & paper RPGs like Dungeons & Dragons.
Like its predecessor, Divinity: Original Sin II had a very successful Kickstarter campaign (this time for additional funding only), garnering more than $2,000,000 (out of a $500,000 goal) from over 42,000 backers that ended on September 30th, 2015.
On April 5th, 2018, Larian Studios announced that they will be porting the game to the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One, with publishing support by Bandai Namco. These console versions are due to release in August 2018.
It didn’t make many national headlines, but the proposed budget for NASA’s “Planetary Defense Coordination Office” was just increased by 90 million dollars. At a time when our national budget is already stretched to the max, this seems like an odd thing to be spending so much money on. As you will see below, the “Planetary Defense Coordination Office” is only two years old, and it is in charge of tracking threats posed by near-Earth objects such as asteroids. Needless to say, if a giant asteroid suddenly hit our planet it would be the greatest catastrophe in modern times and for those of us that survived our lives would be radically different from then on. So the threat is real, but in recent years NASA has assured the public that there are no imminent threats. Has that now changed? (Read More...)
Justicia has arrived on themeforest! https://t.co/lk2Fj2Wi9v A law theme that has everything for an amazing webs… https://t.co/CuqEVDdqZa
Welcome to Libero, an ideal solution for all types of law firm, law and lawyer websites. ⚖️ All the elements, layou… https://t.co/C8eWDH0TLn
Justicia has arrived on themeforest! https://t.co/lk2Fj2Wi9v A law theme that has everything for an amazing webs… https://t.co/CuqEVDdqZa	5 days ago
Welcome to Libero, an ideal solution for all types of law firm, law and lawyer websites. ⚖️ All the elements, layou… https://t.co/C8eWDH0TLn	1 week ago
2. Roustaee R, Hajifaraji M, Dezhkam M, Houshiar-rad A, Mehrabi Y, Zowghi T. Prevalence of eating disorders and some of the factors related to them among high school female students in the city of Tehran, 2010. Iran J Nutr Sci Food Technol 2013; 8(1): 135-44. [in Persian]
3. Striegel-Moore RH, Seeley JR, Lewinsohn PM. Psychosocial adjustment in young adulthood of women who experienced an eating disorder during adolescence. J Am Acad Child Adolesc Psychiatry 2003; 42(5): 587–93.
20. Asgari P, Pasha GR, Aminian M. Relationship between emotion regulation, daily hassles and body image with eating disorders in women. Thought Behav 2011; 13: 65-78. [in Persian]
An all-over thermal window covering that creates a softer feel to the room. You can choose fabric from our extensive range which we have in-store, from uncoated to blockout. (We can even use your fabric if it is suitable). We have a range of headings that you can choose from: Triple Pinch Pleat, Tulip Pleat (Goblet), Grommet (Eyelet), Tab, Box or Pencil Pleat.
Roller blinds allow the straight and clean lines of your home to be enhanced, whether they are fitted to the outside of the architrave (face fit), or internal of the window frame (recess fit). Controls for a roller blind have moved with technology and are not only available in the original spring control, but with a winding mechanism (chain control), which is either a metal or plastic chain depending on your decor & requirements.
The finish at the bottom of the roller blind can be in the traditional lathed or scalloped & braided, to the base rail finish. The base rail is available in a range of colours and shapes. These shapes can be round, oval, teardrop or flat with a fabric insert in matching fabric.
The range of fabric available for roller blinds is vast, from sheer lace, translucent, light filtering and blockout in colours to suit all decors.
These blinds have added a modern look to any home, old or new. They are the alternative to the traditional lace, offering the ultimate in light control and allow you to have an unimpeded view through the day without anyone seeing in.
At night when a light is turned on, the reverse happens, where the vision is from the outside to inside. To eliminate this, the screen blind can be teamed with a blockout blind, (also known as a double bracket blind or day/night blind), or drape/curtain. These will also assist with the thermal control as well as providing privacy.
The fabrics available can have varying openness factors which will assist in the blockout of UV light and help reduce UV rays which can damage furniture and floor coverings.
Venetian blinds can allow you to take the maximum amount of control of privacy, light, and sun into any room. They are designed to allow light & sun filter with the tilting ofthe blades.
Venetian blinds offer an affordable solution to any window and suit any room. The venetian blinds which are manufactured in polymer/polystyrene are resistant to moisture, making them suitable for wet and humid areas, as well as UV stabilized. Other components of these are the anti fungal and anti static properties which are advantageous for asthmatics.
Aluminium venetian blinds come in a range of colours and slat sizes, including slim line and micro. Natural woods can help you make a statement with the application to your window furnishings as they come in range of wood types. These include cedar and basswood, with colours to compliment your individual interior decor.
Please note, I would not recommended this style of blind for doors as the constant lifting & lowering of the blind will wear away the cord.
A vertical blind affords you the simple control of sun, privacy & light. With the vast range of fabrics available for vertical blinds, from translucent to blockout and decorative fabrics, these are an affordable product to suit any budget.
The operating mechanism can be either chain or wand, with a selection of finishes to the bottom of the blade. These can be weights with chain joining each blade, chainless weights or sewn into a fully enclosed pocket.
Depending on the application required and the space available, the vertical can be mounted into the recess (glass size), or mounted onto the face of the architrave. They can be a stand-alone window furnishing or combined with a lace or blockout drape if fitted into the recess. There is also a selection available for the width ofthe blade, with the sizes being 89mm, 100mm & 127mm.
Shutters are a uniquely styled product that will complement any decor with their sophistication. They have a timeless elegance to enhance any window. Shutters are designed to allow easy control of light and privacy as well ventilation.
True to "made-to-measure" claims, Shutters can be manufactured to suit a large range of window shapes, from standard to arch and many more.
Shutters come in an array of materials to suit all customer needs and budgets. From highly resilient ABS polymer to a waterproof wood composite and a range of natural woods. The natural woods include Normandy, Sussex (Basswood) and Amhurst (Western Red Cedar).
envlro drapes & shades is a supplier of the LIFESTYLE Norman Shutters). Shutters come with a varying range of attributes, from the colour of the product to the size of the louvre and motorized. Aluminium and timber shutters are also availarle for outside.
The panel glide (or drift panel blind) is perfect for large glass concertina and sliding doors as well as large glass areas. The sleek lines combined with the simple operation of the smooth sliding panels in the tracks can make this an ideal covering. Panel blinds are neat, unobtrusive, elegant and sophisticated, adding straight clean lines to your home.
The ranges of fabrics available for panel glide blinds are translucent, light filtering, screen and blackout. Your choice can depend on the desired look and function required for your decor as to the selection.
Awnings are the perfect outdoor protection for your windows that have complete exposure to the sun. The heat from the sun is transferred through the glass in the window, (even those that are double glazed), and is changed to a radiant heat in your furniture and floor coverings. This creates the need to prevent the sun's rays coming into direct contact to the glass by covering with an awning.
The benefits of installing outside awnings include controlling the ambience inside your home and reducing energy costs, privacy, protection for your floor coverings and furniture and controlling harmful UV rays and glare.
Awnings can be manufactured from canvas, acrylics, and mesh screen. All of these fabrics come in a range of colours, plain and stripes. The canvas and acrylics are a solid covering while the mesh screen allows you visibility out through the day. If you do not cover the window internally at night, the visibility is reverse, and people can see in.
Canvas offers the best protection with the highest rating for heat reflection, has an even absorption over awning, transmission through awning and shade when compared to acrylic and mesh screen. There are different styles of awnings available, including automatic and rope & pulley, to suit your needs.
There are a large range of tracking systems and rods that you can use with your drapes. We can offer you a selection to choose from, whether you are looking for a cord or hand drawn track, a decorative rod or pole.
Padded box pelmets are available in different styles and shapes to suit your needs. Fully lined and covered in the fabric of your choice, Pelmets are designed to cover the top of your window furnishings and prevent the loss of heating or cooling. Pelmets can be decorated at the top and/or the base with fringes or flange cord, or with self piping in the same fabric or a contrast.
A Roman Blind is a blind that hangs flat on your window when it is down. It then folds up from the bottom in a concertina style to create a stylish valance look when raised. Romans can be operated with a cord that has a heavy duty cord lock which you then cleat off, or a chain control. They are made from your choice of uncoated fabric in a style to suit you and your décor: Soft (Back Batten), Front Batten or Swag Base. They are lined with a 3 pass blockout lining during manufacturing which gives a thermal finish to your Roman Blind. You can use Roman Blinds as your sole window covering, or for a more formal look, use in addition to your drapes.
A Bonded Blind is a type of roller blind, custom made to create a unique product for your window. It is made by bonding your choice of fabric to a polyester blockout lining. Plain or fancy finishes are available with this product with the control mechanism being either a spring or chain control.
Swags and Tails offer an old world charm to create sophistication and elegance to your formal rooms and are custom made to suit your individual taste and needs. They can be mounted to a headboard, or draped over a rod in a semi-circular shape with a tail descending down each side. Fabric choice is unlimited with the versatility of translucent or blockout fabrics, and decorated with fringes, flange cord or beads.
Valances can add the finishing touch to your window coverings. They can be mounted on a timber headboard, a valance rod or on the outside track of a tracking system. They are available in a range of styles with one to suit your needs. The choice to match the drape fabric or compliment with contrast fabric, will enhance the overall look of your window coverings. The fabric can be lined or unlined, depending on the application.
Lace, Sheer and Voile curtains are a traditional way of covering your windows. The term “lace curtain” is used to describe a curtain made from sheer fabric. They are an excellent addition to any room in your home. They add a soft warm touch as well as privacy when your drapes are open. These curtains can be used on their own or used in conjunction with drapes or blinds and can be mounted on a conduit rod, valance rod or spring wire. Also adds the finishing touch to your drape when mounted on the track with the drape. The heading for Lace/Sheer curtains can be pinch pleated, pencil pleated or have a rod pocket head.
Hello there! If you are new here, you might want to subscribe to the RSS feed for updates on this topic.
A new Podcast in Space episode has just been dropped up on the site. You can check it out here of if you'd prefer, here's a rundown of what we've been working on:
Code: Widgets, widgets, widgets! The past month or two has seen a massive pivot in the direction of all sorts of cool UI bibs and bobs to populate the game's many interface screens moving forward. A lot of the specific ship screens you've already seen (nav com etc), but for space station trading, contract accepting, buying and selling of ships and the like, we're building a new robust system to allow for ease of use but still with that retro style.
Design: With many new mechanics now available for use (firing probes, a full contract economy etc), several new stories are now ready for full implementation, and we're doing just that. Stories involving hauling cargo, scanning planets and more are currently being implemented, with a target of 50 playable in-game stories in total by the end of the month.
Concept Art: All concepts on the Proxima are now completed - the final ship's visual style is now alive and kicking.
3D Art: The Proxima has had a few kinks which have needed ironing out in the lighting department, but otherwise she's ready to fly!
2D Art: The new trade interfaces will require visual inputs, so all goods, components and modules are getting the pixel-art treatment. Each will have its own unique icon by the end of the month, including old-school monochrome versions for when you're trading on a bit of a run-down space station.
To view results, select an event, class or year from below and click on "Search". You can also enter the full or partial name of a finisher or hometown.
Description Members of Company 3885, CCC, Camp NP-4-C, Estes Park, Colorado. Oscar B. Yourker, Captain, CW - Res, Commanding. Mr. D. W. Haggerty, Project Superintendent. Wilbur T. Kennedy is #11 from left in top row, he was Weld County Assessor in early 1950s. (photo split by 3 to get all persons in the photo.)
Description Single level frame dwelling, constructed c. 1954, with small covered front porch and attached one car garage. Range 69 West, Township 8 North, Section 34. Property owned by Wilbur H. & Jeanette Morris, Fort Collins, Colorado.
These are some real problems experienced by WD15000D033 and Western Digital hard drives in general that we see in our lab. We are not affiliated in any way with hard drive manufacturers. All the information below is based solely on our experience and we do not make any claims regarding reliability of the specific model. We see mostly failed drives in our lab and therefore we don't have complete statistics.
Head Clicking for about 2 to 3 minutes, then it gets quiet as if operating normally but cannot be recognized by computer. No recovery attempts so far. I opened it up, but reacted intelligently enough to put the cover back on again, and left if alone.
When it comes to data recovery one of the most common problems Western Digital(WD) hard drives experience is burnt cuircuit board(PCB). WD drives are very vulnerable to overheating, power surges and streaks. Quite often bad power supply unit combined with power streak is usually enough to fry spindle driver chip on the electronics and make the data inaccessible. Should this occur the computer would reboot or shut down completely, you would normally notice acrid smell of smoke coming from your PC and when powered on the drive would not spin up at all and appear to be completely dead.
If this is the case you can try to swap PCB from another WD drive of the same model but your chances of success are close to zero, especially on newer hard drives. The problem is that logic board on modern hard drive is adapted to the head disk assembly it was manufactured with. In our lab we use specialized software and hardware to rebuild these parameters or transfer them from fried board to make donor PCB fully compatible with damaged drive.
After power surge, drive died. Slight burnt smell. Checked PCB, & the chip that controls the spinning is fried. The chip shows signs that it had started to melt. I replaced the PCB. The drive would spin, but was not recognized. I take it's due to the notorious firmware differences. Please help.
Firmware of the drive is not located on the logic board as most people think. Main part of firmware is stored on the platters in so-called Service Area. Service Area occupies the negative cylinders of the surface and contains a number of firmware modules. If one of the modules gets corrupted the hard drive fails to initialize correctly and stops working making the data inaccessible. In such case the drive usually spins up fine, it doesn't click but has one of the following symptoms:
identifies fine but fails to read any data or boot up operating system giving I/O device errors whenever you try to access LBA sectors.
If you attempt to boot up from such drive or read any data from it you would get "Primary Master Hard Disk Fail" or "No operating system found" or "USB Device malfunctioned" error or "S.M.A.R.T. Capable But Command Failed" or "Disk boot failure. Insert system disk and press enter", "Hard drive not recognized", "Drive Mount Failure" or some other hard drive boot error.
At the moment it is not possible to fix this kind of problem at home. It is quite a complicated job and requires use of specialized expensive equipment and deep knowledge of hard drive design and data recovery technology to repair the firmware. Luckily, it is not usually necessary to open the HDD in clean room and order donor drives, so chances of successful data retrieval are close to 100%.
Another quite common symptom Western Digital drives experience is clicking/knocking/clunking/sweeping noise.
The drive spins up, and and the heads start clicking with a constant or intermittent sound while unsuccessfully trying to locate firmware zone:
. Usually this is a sign of damaged or crashed heads and it means the drive needs to be opened in a class 100 clean room environment in order to replace head stack assembly. Don't try to open the drive by yourself - you could damage the platters making your data unrecoverable.
The drive doesn't spin up (probably burnt logic board). The drive originally came as an external USB drive. I believe I must have mistakenly plugged the wrong power adapter, and must have first burnt the USB to IDE board, as the drive wasn't recognized by the PC but was still spinning. But after having tried unsuccesfully several times, the drive stop spinning altogether. I also tried using another USB to IDE board. Their was no spinning, although the PC understood a HD drive was attached (but couldn't access any volume).
Western Digital drives also have common problem with spindle seizure. Usually this occurs after a fall and the drive either doesn't spin up at all with a siren sound:
. Data recovery in such case involves removing platters from the hard drive in clean room environment and putting them into matching donor. This complex and precise procedure requires a lot of experience and use of specialized hardware to maintain platters in perfect alignment.
WD laptop drives(Scorpio, UE,VE series) share some typical 2.5 inch HDD problems. One of them is heads sticktion to the platter surface.
Heads are normally parked on the parking ramp outside of the platters, but sometimes after a fall or abnormal termination they fail to return to their regular parking position and are left on the surface. Immediately after the motor stops spinning they stick to the ideally smooth surface and it becomes impossible to free them without proper tools and experience. Don't attempt to open the drive by yourself - you will damage the platters and this will make your data unrecoverable.
There is one more problem that is typical for all Western Digital drives: bad sectors. After some period of time magnetic media the platters are covered with starts to degrade and magnetic domains can't turn in the desired direction by writing element of the head. This is how bad sectors appear.
When the drive starts reading data from such unreadable bad sector it could start freezing, scratching and sometimes even clicking:
. Usually on boot up you would get "SMART failure predicted" or some other SMART-related error. All this leads to further damage to the surface, heads and causes more data loss. Any further reading attempts would just add up to the problems and could make your data unrecoverable. In our lab we use special imaging hardware tools that are capable of reading raw sector data ignoring low level checksum check. That's usually the only way to retrieve as much files as possible from such sectors.
If you experience any of the symptoms described above with your Western Digital WD15000D033 please feel free to contact us to get upfront quote on data recovery from your failed drive.
Stay away from those companies. They can steal information but they can't steal knowledge and experience.
The LM2738 regulator is a monolithic, high frequency, PWM step-down DC/DC converter in an 8-pin LLP or 8-pin eMSOP package.
It provides all the active functions for local DC/DC conversion with fast transient response and accurate regulation in the smallest possible PCB area.
Switching frequency is internally set to 550kHz (LM2738Y) or 1.6MHz (LM2738X), allowing the use of extremely small surface mount inductors and chip capacitors.
The LM2738 utilizes current-mode control and internal compensation to provide highperformance regulation over a wide range of operating conditions.
Additional features include internal soft-start circuitry to reduce in-rush current, cycle-by-cycle current limit, thermal shutdown, and output over-voltage protection.
Afther our Reichguard knights project is the time for something new, our High Elves, called The Elven Lords. We ara restiling the High elves, and adding all details that we like. We know that is not "old warhammer", but anyway we expect that you will like.
The Elven Lord are a proyect with two regiments and two foot characters. Today we can show your our Spearmen.
But it is probably more of a 9th Age thing than an Oldhammer thing. Have you posted them on the 9th age forum?
I bet they'd kill for some decent Elf archers over there. The GW High Elf ones were pants* even before they were cancelled.
We have posted inThe night age forum too. Anyway we love old warhammer, and we are doing this kind of models
We would like launch the Kickstarter soon to sent everything before christmas, or later, but be sure our options and tell the people when it will be ready.
We are really sorry to say that we have canceled our Kickstarter. We weren't getting good result. All our money is invested in that project, so we going to rebuilt it again and launch again in a few weeks.
We are still working in our Elven Lords. Last days we have crafted 100 models to check our production molds.
Pauline Books & Media is the publishing house of the Daughters of St. Paul, and international congregation of women religious serving the Church through all forms of media.
Canada’s world-renowned higher education system is attracting more and more Chinese students in recent years. However, when these students come to an unfamiliar country with a radically different educational system, they face many difficulties in both school and daily life due to the pressure to learn a new language, as well as the academic requirements of a new school system. Meanwhile, parents have difficulty in helping their children because of the language barriers and a lack of comprehensive understanding of the Canadian educational system.
Our observations during our tutoring experiences over the past 12 years have revealed that a large number of international and immigrant students are not fluent in either oral or printed English. Hence, some students may find studying difficult due to a lack of effective care and sufficient guidance. No parents want to see their child go astray.
Inspiration Homestay Inc. is a homestay agency that can provide your child with a warm home, take care of their daily life, and help them in their studies. With our professional care and guidance, students will avoid distraction, concentrate on their learning, overcome language barriers, realize their full potential and strengthen their educational foundations. With our service, parents will be confident in their child's life in Canada and can focus more on their careers. With our high quality of care and attention, as well as our background in education, we guarantee that students will succeed in both their life and their studies.
Want to learn more? Take a tour of our houses, learn more about what makes our homestay unique, and check out the variety of services our company offers!
We specialize in the Canadian educational system. If you are interested in our services, please contact us for more information.
NBA2k17, simply put, a masterpiece that can easily be placed alongside some of the best games in this generation. Yeah. I know what you’re saying.”But, Steve… its JUST a sports game. How can you possibly do that?” The answer is simple. NBA 2k17 is just that good. In fact, I think it is good enough to justify attention from people who don’t even considering themselves hardcore NBA fans.
The NBA lifestyle is complicated. Players have to balance family, social media, practices, endorsements, and inter-team politics in order to succeed. 2K17 heavily features a MyCareer mode that highlights those challenges as players are thrust into the role of “Prez” a young, brash, and extremely talented high school basketball prospect. A brief stint in college leads to you being drafted somewhere in the first round of the NBA draft. From there you are introduced to Justice Young, voiced by the amazing Michael B. Jordan. Justice was drafted after you and has a chip on his shoulder. Nothing in his life has come easy for him and he sets out to challenge you. That sets the stage for what could be either a rivalry or a great friendship. And you know what? This is where things get cool.
The MyCareer mode plays out from there like an RPG. You have to balance your schedule to make sure you attend practices, games, and social events with your fellow players. You can even keep track of the state of the game using text messages and an in-game version of Twitter. All of these activities help earn you points that can be spent on skill upgrades.
That may have been my favorite game mode it is far from the only one. There is a full suite of game modes that range from quick play, and online games all the way to a Franchise mode that goes so far as to let you create your own expansion team.
All of these game modes are built on solid basketball mechanics that make it easy for even the most inexperienced games to take their favorite players and execute some amazing moves. 2k Games has been making these games for a while and it shows. They have clearly done their research and tried to create a very accessible control scheme.
NBA2k17 is rated E for everyone by the ESRB. According to the rating summary, “This is a basketball simulation game in which players can select teams from real NBA rosters, compete in tournaments, and play through regular seasons. Players can also manage individual franchises and control the careers of their customized athletes. The word “hell” appears in the dialogue.” It is worth noting that the game does feature online gameplay modes and those online interactions are not rated by the ESRB. With that said though, this is not a game that suffers if you don’t take the action online. There is a LOT of game here.
My conclusion shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone. This is an absolute must buy for any NBA fans. I also strongly believe that anyone looking for a unique take on the RPG genre should look into this one too.
(Note: This review is based on the Xbox One version of the game. It is also available on the PlayStation 4. There is also a version available for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, but they are not as feature rich. This is intended to be a next-gen experience.)
Well, I can tell you that I am not a web developer, or a journalist, or even a game designer. I am a Dad. I like to game. I want to game with my children. And, I have some ideas that I want to share with the world.
I'm 32 years old and I have been gaming all of my life. I'm into all kinds of games, and not just video games. Board games, tabletop games, card games and yes, even LARP games.
I've got a full time job, and I'm going back to school. I have an amazing wife and 3 wonderful children. My oldest is a 7 year old boy who is super smart and a total spazz. He's extremely excited to share his VAST (lol) video game knowledge with the world. My middle child is just learning about video games. He's 4 and he spends his time obsessing over his favorite super heroes or ponies, depending on the day. He LOVES playing games with his Daddy and big brother. My youngest is 6 months old and is learning to explore her world. She can often be found sleeping on her Daddy while I play test new games.
So, that's who I am. I'm just your typical super busy Dad who wants to share my gaming experiences with all of you.
Oh, and another thing! This website isn't all about me. I happen to have a wonderful group of friends and experts along for the ride with me. They are going to share terrific gaming information with you, too.	View all posts by Stephen Duetzmann →
2.Due to the light and screen differences, the item's color may be slightly different from the pictures.Please understand. Make sure you don't mind before you bid.
Plastic material Polyvinyl Chloride (PVC) is a major thermoplastic material and comes in many different forms, most notably in PVC sheet and PVC rod form. These different forms modify the properties to suit particular applications. Plasticisers, stabilisers and impact modifiers can be added to produce these modifications.
In general, PVC is light, water resistant, offers a long life cycle and does not require much maintenance. These excellent qualities makes PVC one of the most commonly used plastics today.
The properties of PVC give the material high rigidity and strength compared to other plastics and also allow it to be formable and machinable.
Guide to Asian women dating – Asian brides Asian women are garnering a lot of attention in the dating world. Open any online dating site and you would find these gorgeous Asian women being in high demand. Their beauty, charm, elegance, and characteristics make western […]
Romance tour to Shenzhen – find love in China Bring back the magic of romance in your life by dating a Chinese woman. A Chinese lady with her grace, beauty, intelligence, and ambition can make you feel special. Since China opened its doors to the […]
It’s sad but true that most western men have got wary of marriages. There is a growing disinterest in the institution and men are preferring to stay single rather than getting into an unhappy and highly demanding relationship. This is particularly true of western men who are marrying women from their own countries. Western women have given up the idea of a lady and embraced an ambitious life that doesn’t give priority to the household. So, more and more men are choosing foreign women like Filipinas to settle down in their lives.
There are western men who look for stable relationships. They still like the idea of having a dedicated life partner who gives importance to the relationship. However, such women are hard to find in the western society. Most women are career-oriented nowadays and want to remain single to avoid taking up responsibilities. Thus, the men look for partners in foreign lands where women are still traditional and love their roles as wives.
In this regard, Filipina girls get a high preference due to their beauty, sex appeal, intelligence, and qualities. Western men look for Filipina brides in the online dating sites and marry them after dating them for a while. Some even visit the Philippines to find their life partners. This has increased the craze for Filipinas as brides.
Western men desire Filipino ladies as their wives due to their innate qualities. Women from the Philippines are not only beautiful but also contain a number of good qualities that foreign men look for in their brides. Let us discuss these qualities so that you can also decide whether you want to date a Filipina.
In this field, Filipinas can give tough competition to any woman in this world. They are flawlessly beautiful with a light complexion and perfect features. Endowed with gorgeous smiles and slender bodies, they look hot and sexy. They are also feminine which enhance their sex appeal. Yes, femininity has its own charm that these girls know how to use. Most Filipino women wear girly dresses that show off their curves and they enjoy the attention they garner. With perfect makeup and matching accessories, they look like divas. As you can understand, the western men are bowled by their looks.
Filipino women score high in this category too. They seek long-term relationships as they believe in marriages. They are not fickle-minded and once they marry someone, they would remain dedicated too. You can count on her loyalty as it is unlikely of her to cheat. Her traditional upbringing makes her loyal to her family and husband.
Again, their upbringing renders them these two qualities. They love stability and are mature in their own ways. They take the right decisions and stick to them. Filipino women know what’s important in their lives and would focus on them only. The things that matter to them are love, family, relationships, and children. Yes, they make good wives and mothers too. They teach their children to respect others. They can single-handedly take care of the family and raise the kids.
Online dating is the answer. It is the easiest and most convenient way to find Filipino women for marriage. Get yourself registered at the popular and safe Filipino dating sites to meet Filipinas who are also looking for suitable matches. Choose a dating site that offers free and advanced services. You must check whether there are like-minded people so that you can find your partner quickly.
Create an eye-catching profile so that potential dates find you interesting. Look for girls who match your preference and make friends. The women of the Philippines are friendly in nature and hence it is easier to make them talk.
If you like any Filipina woman, make arrangements to meet her personally. Fly down to her country so that you get a chance to know her better. Of course, you would have a lovely time there with all the pristine beaches and amazing landscapes.
If you really like the lady and want to marry her, take her parents’ permission. Since it would be an intercultural marriage, a lot of things need to be sorted out. Religion, your lifestyle, your preferences, settling in your own country, discuss all these with your future wife so that you can lead a happy life together.
Be faithful to your wife, once you commit to her. Remember that Filipino women are loyal and expect loyalty in return. Your bride would be always by your side and expect you to understand her. Give her love and respect. Always be gentle with her.
Filipino women make excellent partners. They are some of the most beautiful women on earth. Warm and caring, a Filipina bride would be the right choice if you are looking for marital bliss.
Chinese mail order brides – a loving partner from China The east has always intrigued the west. Be it culture, tradition, food or religion, the eastern countries have garnered a lot of attention from the west with China at the center of attraction. It has […]
Want to date a foreign woman ? Here are rules to follow Dating a foreign woman is a rewarding experience. It can change your life and make you more sensitive. You can learn about different cultures and traditions and gain valuable insights. However, we cannot […]
For a long time China was popular for its martial arts, Great Wall and tea. A lot of myth was created around its ancient philosophy, Feng Shui and food. Then came a time when the country started garnering attention due to its rising economy and huge manufacturing industries. China is still at the centre of attraction now but for a different reason – the Chinese brides. It has become a romantic hotspot for western men who are flocking to its cities to marry Chinese brides.
You must have heard about Chinese mail order brides. The western men find Chinese women very hot. In the interracial dating world, the Chinese women dominate over other countries by virtue of their beauty, petite figures, and traditional values. Western men find Chinese women so charming that they marry after getting close over the internet. The rising incidence of western men marrying Chinese brides has given rise to the industry involving Chinese mail order brides. Today, the men are even traveling down to China to meet young girls for marriage.
A few cities in China have today become popular for finding Chinese brides and Shenyang is one of them. It is the capital of Liaoning Province in northeast China. Being the largest city of this province, the city has a huge population and modern amenities. There is a fair number of young and beautiful Chinese brides who are looking for partners.
The city of Shenyang has become one of the favorite spots for romantic tour of China. Western men come down here to meet hundreds of girls and find their life partner. Through online dating sites you can meet Shenyang brides and talk to them. Hot and attractive Shenyang girls are just a click away from you. You just have to use your computer to find these women and get into relationships with them.
There are marriage agencies who conduct romantic trips to this lovely city. You would love to visit this ancient city and see its architectural wonders. Of course, the most happening thing would be to meet the gorgeous Chinese girls. The agencies would make arrangement for parties and meetings so that you can meet as many young girls as possible.
The more you see these elegant Chinese girls, the more you would want to marry them. You would find them charming, confident, humorous and traditional too. You can select the girl you want to have in your life and get back home with her.
With the help of the right marriage service, finding a Shenyang bride would be easy for you. So, register today and start looking for your Chinese mail order bride today.
Hong Kong girls and how to date them Meet the most beautiful Hong Kong women – Hong Kong is a strange city. It is difficult to describe it to anyone who hasn’t been here. It is always bustling with activity and people are busy making […]
Asian Marriage Tours Have you always wanted to fall in love with an Asian woman and marry her? Has it always been a dream for you to get an Asian girlfriend and see how things are going? Are you tired of the regular and mundane […]
Asian Brides Online is just like any other international dating website, but without the pushy messages and the annoying marketing methods of other international dating sites. Asian Brides Online has membership ranges starting at as low as $29.2 and it goes on till $95 for platinum members. The site allows you to interact with women that are from Russia, Latin America, Asia and Ukraine. Usually international dating sites with great excellence have just one of these locations as their target audience but this website with its level of sophistication caters to women from four geographic locations.
Hence, this is also a site that allows you to connect with women from these locations. A guy signed up on this International dating site has access to literally hundreds of women a month. Of these women, chances are, one of them might be your soulmate. The site is designed in such a way that it caters to men of a class and style more than the members of a regular dating website. Besides, this site also offers tours to romantic destinations and foreign marriage tours.
Marrying a foreign woman becomes easy with ‘Asian Brides Online’ round the corner. This website has helped many men find the love of their lives. However, there are a few precautions that you should take while dating someone you met online.
Online dating comes with a lot of planning. It is easy to find a woman but it is hard to keep the communication going. In real life, you may want things to go a little slow but with online dating, everything has to be instant. Since there are 1000’s of women profiles for western men wanting to talk to them, women from online dating communities need something that keeps them interested in you. Never show off about your work like or your wealth. This sends out the wrong message.
First, it would make women think that you want everyone to feel that they are inferior in front of you. Second, exposing your wealth can mean that you are literally directing the attention of gold diggers towards you. When you are filling your profile and bio for the dating site, you should know what to write and what not to. If you are going on a date with an attractive woman you would tell her everything that you feel is the best about you.
Ask yourself if you are good at something. Think about the compliments that you received from other people. Compliments that don’t include your physical appearance or your great car. The details you enter in your profile specify the kind of person that people think that you are. You shouldn’t give off traits of narcissism in your bio. Make it simple, short and truthful. An interesting bio gains more attraction.
Any online profile would have its own perks. Any online dating site would have its own perks. There are players in online dating just as much as you would see in the real world. The problem with dating online is, you don’t really know the person unless you have met them. So you won’t know about their family background. If your online date is from a poor socio economic background, she has more chances of being a gold digger. If she shows more interest in your house, your car etc. then it’s a trait you should be aware of. Another thing you need to know before you post your pictures online is, you may have a lot in the picture that gives gold diggers an impression to get to you. For example, if you are wearing an expensive watch given by your company, a gold digger might think that you have a lot to give and might want to be the taker.
Another type of scam that you should watch out for is women asking you to send them gifts after a few days of chatting. These gifts are often expensive. Once the gifts go, there will be a little more talk and then the profile vanishes. If your online date asks you for money because she needs to pay for tuition or to take care of her family, watch out. Again, once the money goes, the woman will be gone too.
There are many men who have had their hearts broken because they trusted the wrong woman. When you are dating online, it is wise to be in touch often via phone calls and skype.
Like mentioned before, there are women from various locations, like Russia, Latin America, Ukraine and Asia. Each women and each country have their own set of values. First let’s focus on Russian and Ukrainian women.
Asian women for dating have become quite popular and you can see their profiles on any international dating website. But if you want genuine sites, stick to ‘Asian Brides Online’ because they have legitimate and true profiles. There are very less numbers of scammers here and you can be assured that the woman you are talking to is also interested in you. Asian women from Thailand and Philippines are most desired while the common belief is that Chinese women make much better wives. This may be true at times but if you want to pursue a Chinese woman for love, be prepared because she takes a lot of time to reciprocate your feelings. But when she does, you can be sure that she loves you truly and will be with you forever.
Russian and Ukrainian women are from a background where they have been suppressed for a long time. They like western culture because of the way western men treat their women. Likewise, western men like Russian women because they give more importance to their personal and family life than to their careers. A Russian woman shows her man that she truly loves him by being dedicated and loyal. In return all that she wants is for her partner to return the same feelings. They don’t let their exotic beauty get in the way of their approach towards men and likewise, they don’t let their personal preferences dominate their relationship. Western women on the other hand are a complete contrast to this, mostly.
Latin American women are known for their exotic beauty but what many western men don’t know about is, the women from south America are more attached to their partners. It is a cute gesture. A latin American woman can be a bit aggressive in conveying her feelings but she does so because she wants you to know that she loves you. These women do not expect your money for living but rather want a life with you. When they love a man, there is literally no limit to how loyal they are. They are smart and witty but that does not let them start wars on who is greater in the relationship.
Asian Brides Online is the go-to dating site for all your true love and marriage dreams. With almost no false profiles and a list of great subscription plans, this Asian dating site gives you a wide range of nationalities to choose from if you are willing to marry an amazing woman. You will have a hassle free online dating experience.
IdateAsia.com – Review The number of Asian American couples is always on the rise and it has become more common these days because of the increase in the number of dating sites available. One cannot conclude as to which factor contributes to the other one […]
Meet Chinese girls from China seeking men for love, relationship and romance. Browse Chinese women pics and chat with these Chinese beauties.
Asian Brides Online – Review Asian Brides Online is just like any other international dating website, but without the pushy messages and the annoying marketing methods of other international dating sites. Asian Brides Online has membership ranges starting at as low as $29.2 and it […]
International dating has become a very normal and routine thing these days that one forgets to notice the rising number of dating sites. When it comes to international dating, men are mostly from Western countries because they are willing to participate and discover new things about a woman that they can probably be spending their lives with. Besides, it can also be called as the ‘hesitation’ that other country men have for international dating. Slowly but surely, things are changing and the only evidence we have, to confirm this is the number of western profiles of men, on international dating sites.
International dating sites go by the most common principle of all dating sites- to have genuine profiles. However, there are many dating sites that are solely constructed for extracting money out of the men that want to date women from other countries. There are a lot of genuine sites but the best way to figure them out is by checking for the reviews that these websites have. A lot of men, in their personal experiences seem to find Asian women very attractive.
This attraction has lead to many Asian dating websites. To be specific, western men love to date Chinese women mainly because of the differences that they have, compared to western women. Many western men on the lookout for international dating opportunities do so because they want to find something that they normally can’t, with a western woman.
With international dating sites, there can be two types of approaches to dating. One is dating online and by “online” it means long distance relationship. The idea of dating via emails and chat messages is something that the western men have known for a while now. However, with international dating, there is more than just written communication these days. Dating sites allow calls and video messages too. If this does not work for you, you can always exchange phone numbers and skype IDs. After getting to know each other for a while, you can travel to each other’s countries for a real date. This is very important no matter how long you have been dating each other online.
The other approach is by looking for dates of other ethnicity from the place you live in. They could be from China and they could be living in your city. This way, the dating process is faster and you will know if it works or not, pretty soon. Meeting and hanging out becomes an easy task. With all this, there is only one kind of woman that western men often fantasize about Chinese women.
Even then, what is it about Chinese women that make them so attractive? Chinese women are exotic and beautiful. This is a well-known fact. Dating a Chinese woman has its ups and downs but the majority is the benefits. The differences make them more attractive and their character and approach towards a relationship makes them more lovable. There is literally no reason why a western man cannot marry a chinese woman.
Chinese women are cute or if one must say, hot. But there is more to them than their appearance. They are elegant Asian women and their elegance is something that sweeps men off their feet. Besides, when it comes to marriage and relationships they are more willing to settle. Despite the fact that there are many western and European women that value relationships compared to anything else, Chinese women are brought up in a way that tells them the importance of having to settle down.
Chinese women are challenging at work and when they are face to face with romance, they don’t shy away. Dating a chinese woman has changed the way men want their future to be. Chinese women that live in the U.S are the best of both worlds. They have the chinese traditions and values instilled in them while they are also open western culture and ideas. The concept of dating is a bit hard to understand when you are specifically looking for a significant other in China.
Chinese women are smart and very friendly. If you talk to them properly and treat them with respect, a chinese woman will adore you completely. From then on, it is more than easy to understand why they are such lovely women. They treat other human beings with lots of respect. Many foreign men worry that Chinese women are not open to international dating and completely despise foreigners. Chinese women date men that treat them well and are comfortable to be with a man who makes them happy. Besides, they don’t hate anybody until they have been hurt. So unless you have hurt a chinese woman, you are good to go.
If you are wondering about how to get started on an online dating site, then the first suggestion would be to go with the chnlove.com.
With over 17 years of experience, Chnlove.com stands as a good example for a site that literally helps its users get what they want. The website is a simple design and it is very easy to understand how to use it. The profiles in the website are authentic compared to several others. However, there is a small thing here that you might hesitate about.
If you ever wonder why all the women from Chnlove.com have high quality profile pictures, then this one is for you. They are given the option to have a professional photo clicked before they start using the site for their dating and relationship purposes. Some dating sites take days, weeks and sometimes months to get a date to reply. But with Chnlove.com there is no such time period. You get a reply pretty soon and this way, the whole process is a lot easier for you.
During registration, you have a signup form and on finishing the form, you are given a set of questions that you need to answer. Based on your answers to the questions, profiles of potential matches are displayed. When you find a woman that has an interesting profile and you want to talk to her, you can always send an email right away. Apart from this list, there are also several women that are online and you can chat with them too.
Interaction through the website runs on a credit system. 3 credits are priced at $21 and the highest number of credits you can apply for is 100, for $399. With these chat messages, you can send a voice message, chat with them, send them pictures and you also have the option to call or video call them. In addition to these, you get points for signing up, verifying your email and also setting up your profile.
Chnlove.com has certain spooky aspects. For example, the pop ups with pretty women and sleazy messages is a way to lure more men. However, there are many real Chinese women for dating on Chnlove.com and they can be recognized easily. It takes a bit of practice to get a hold of the site and its functioning methods. Nonetheless, when you find your perfect chinese woman, you know where to start and how to approach her. After all, you might have just met your partner.
48-hour loan offer You are a bank bans or all your attempts to get a loan from the financial structures have been in vain. You need fast funding for a project or others, more worries to you. We offer loan ranging from 5,000 € to 2,000,000 € at a rate...
Two tracts 2.3 miles apart good farm land. Tract One 577 acres with 3,396 square foot home with pool. $77,200 crop income per year. Improved shed $9,000 per year. Hunting lease $60,00 per year. All Leases are year to year. Property is in Land Bank and cannot be developed. Two more homes allowed on Gibbs Lane.
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "Board of Education Meeting", or just this one?
The Francis Howell School District is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Read our full Nondiscrimination Statement.
I want to port the same to Vodafone, But I am unable to generate port code through SMS. I have been trying since 29.11.2017.
Pat Battstone Sextet spontaneous sonic adventure Pat Battstone Sextet – ELEMENTS: This marvelous sound adventure explores territory that many of us (including your friendly reviewer) have only “touched the edges of” in our previous listening (& perhaps, in our previous incarnations)… it features Marialuisa Capurso vocals, bells, aluminum panel, music box, ocarina, electronics; Pat Battstone piano, percussion; Adolfo LA Volpe live electronics, guitar, objects; Mariasole de Pascali flute, alto flute, piccolo; Francesco Massaro alto sax, bass clarinet, G clarinet, pataphysical devices and Giacomo Mongelli drums, percussion, and it’s easily the best spontaneous music I’ve listened to in many years… and, as many of you know, I have listened to a LOT of music that is “different”, so that is truly saying something! One of the most surprising parts of this wonderful 1:17:28 journey is that it also includes strong and solid percussion… as you listen to “Hot Match” (the samples will be up within the next couple of days, as well as a link where you can purchase the digital version of the CD – so come back and check this post often…), you’ll hear what I mean… the merger of spoken-word in together with these driving percussive improvisations is (quite literally) the best I’ve ever heard… just SUPERB.
Pat’s keyboard work on the introduction to the 6:41 “Wet War“, paired with Mariasole’s flute, as well as all the other instruments, evolves into a shimmering spoken-word performance that will stay in your head for years to come… of course, this isn’t (at all) “background music”… you need to make sure you listen to all twelve tunes with your headphones on, your feet kicked up and a long-neck (or a bowl, maybe) ready for the action… what I can promise you, without qualification, is – a TRIP!
Having done a lot of spoken-word myself (back in the day), I can guarantee you that pieces like my personal favorite of the dozen songs offered up, “Spaceways“, will allow you to join the players as they respond to their call from the muse… the song, as edited, clocks in at 15:26, so make sure your time is “blocked out” for no interruptions… in order to truly absorb all the magical moments, in fact, you may find yourself doing repeated listens (as did I)… even for a seasoned listener, there’s a lot to absorb here.
I give Pat & the players a MOST HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, with an “EQ” (energy quotient) rating of a (perfect) 5.00, which means that it also gets my “PICK” for “most inspired improvisational album” for 2018! Samples will be available soon, and you can purchase your own digital copy on this page (direct from the artist)! An absolutely perfect creative journey! Rotcod Zzaj
Dick Metcalf (aka Rotcod Zzaj) is a globe-hopping musician and poet who spent many years roving the world until he finally settled in his current abode, Lacey, Washington... just down the road from Seattle. He started IMPROVIJAZZATION NATION magazine in 1990 (still being published), and Contemporary Fusion Reviews magazine in 2016. He also was a keyboard player & singer for many years... you can hear (and download for free) most of those works at his "Internet Archive Collection"
Pertinent penetrating single Trevis Bick - REAL LOVE: I was first exposed to Trevis's sweet guitar and vocal work about a year ago, when...
Electrifying striking dynamic jazz Gil Evans Orchestra - HIDDEN TREASURES, MONDAY NIGHTS, VOLUME 1: I was first exposed to the electrifying jazz that Gil...
We supply, cut, shape and finish stone. Mostly this means granite worktops for kitchens, but we do other stuff too.
Our google+ local business page is a good place to check reviews people have left or make your own. You will also find our youtube videos here.
The instagram blog is a more candid look at the day to day activity of the factory and when we are out in the wild.
Our twitter feed follows our installations and various things that pique our interest in and around the industry.
Facebook posts are focussed on installations and other stone related images. Please hit the like button or post a review if we have helped you in the past!
Description Coulee dam will be great yard of power. - Great power plant will require huge amount of steel. - When the world's largest river of electrical power at the Coulee dam is ready to flow to distant parts of the state and Pacific northwest a mammoth
Subject Keys State history; Grand Coulee dam; construction; materials; building materials; hydro-electric power plants; Boulder Dam
State history. State officials. Governors. Hartley, Roland H. 1936-10-07 :: WSU Libraries Digital Collections
Home WSU Libraries Digital Collections State history. State officials. Governors. Hartley, Roland H. 1936-10-07
Description Case of the G.O.P.--In which the "Goppers" say, "At the present time Governor Hartley is not here, but..." - Since the Evergreen questionnaire was mailed on September 12 to former Governor Roland H. Hartley, standard bearer of the Republican party and who is now seeking the governorship of the State, only one answer has been received in the Evergreen editorial office.
Subject Keys State history; Washington; governors; government; politics; Governor Roland H. Hartley of Washington; photographs; portraits ;
Home WSU Libraries Digital Collections Northwest history. Mining. Machinery & equipment. 1936-06-28
Title Gravel moves at Lucky Five - 300 yards to shift; plant extracting 97 per cent of gold, says official
Description Gravel moves at Lucky Five - 300 yards to shift; plant extracting 97 per cent of gold, says official - Gravel has been roaring for a week through the sluice boxes of the Lucky Five Mining company at Orogrande, Idaho, according to C. Clinkenbeard, manager, who with his brother, W. T. Clinkenbeard, were here for operating accessories yesterday. The plant has been handling 300 yards in eight hours and capturing 97 per cent of the gold, he said.
Description Properties busy in silver belt. - At this time there are a number of promising properties carrying exploration programs in the silver belt, among which are the Globe Silver, where new equipment has recently been installed to open a promising vein system; the Big Creek Silver, putting down a shaft on the Elgia & Ogden group; the Freeman-Sites operations at the head of McFarring gulch where an ore disclosure was made a few days ago of considerable importance.
Sunshine pays $480,000, against $120,000 in 1933 half-Hecla $200,000 vs. $100,000. Tail outgo $650,793
More dividends were declared by mining companies of the Coeur d'Alene region of Idaho in the first half of this year than in the corresponding period of 1933
Description Washington State University's faculty/staff newsletters were published by the university, under various titles, to distribute information to employees about campus news and events.
Digitization This issue was scanned as 24 bit color 300 dpi tiffs and converted to pdfs and OCRed on a Zeutschel OS 14000 A0-LS scanner. The pdfs were organized using Adobe Acrobat X and uploaded into CONTENTdm.
Rights Notes No known copyright. Item is believed to be in public domain due to failure to comply with required formalities.
Description Willie Pep had lost his world featherweight boxing championship by the time he fought in Tucson in October of 1965, but he still had enough to knock out Arizona's featherweight champ, Ray "Flash" Coleman, in the fifth round. [Chapter 6 Page 126]
Description This letter by Edward Gyrgleski, Wisconsin cranberry grower, concerns cranberry and blueberry Research lab pollen-collecting bee letter.
Transcript COLLEGE OF AGRIC-UL'RJIW AND ENWRONMENTAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT OF ENTIIMOLM AND economic Kyle Cranberry PC Blueberry Poesearch Lab flew Lisbon, k'Jew Jersey 0006)4 July 11, 1967 1 Y . Jldrard J . Grlgleslci in?.)- Box 181 Torah, Rsiiisconsin %660 Dear O'Er. (|ufrgleslt'.i. : In answer 'Lo your letter of July with, Dr . A. S . Chief , Apiculture Research Branch and his address is : Michael i s Assis 'krz-rlt U. S . Dep f t of Agricul-t'ln.l|e Agricultural Research Service Flntonlolomz Research Division Beltsville llaryland 20709 Dr. r'qicllael and his associates are doing exlaers.lnental jurors on a strain of cranberry pollen-collecting bee . 2| am sure that although ('ne work has been very promisingly, it is still only in the e|cpers.men|Lal stage, and queens f rom these colonies are not yet available . Bilge are enclosing the bulletin on cranberry pollination which you requested. As you %|111 note, in our recent article on cranberry pollination in the J-IS.JZIRTC/J|I else JCIITPI'IJ.L, we are now using much higher concentrations of honey bees on ('lew Jersey cranbel|ez|zr bogs than were recommended in this bulletin. Surge Sincerely yours, c. , - $8.- tit j - 47 . . a.cq.ux.co t PhD lip E . l k'arucci Research Specialist-lo|tomolotry Extension Specials-st-cranberrles and Blueberries
by Nina Golgowski via huffingtonpost.com The Salvation Army is adding healthy grocery shopping to its list of charitable endeavors. The nonprofit…
The purpose of this policy is to establish the policy for the DeSoto Public Library staff with regard to loan lengths.
All Items available for circulation can renewed 24 times or until hold is placed on the item by another customer or user.
Our wonderful cafe is really the heart of Destinations. A true hub of the Community it is a lovely relaxed place with a warm and friendly atmosphere. Our staff always do their best to make any visit a joy weather its for a breakfast bacon bun, a lovely lunch or just to come together for a cuppa and natter.
With homemade sandwiches that have to be seen to be believed and a range of other hot and cold food, along with specialised tea and coffee, a trip to Destinations is always a treat.
And with free wifi and access to all the resources of our UK Online centre, you can still check those emails, check Facebook or print out your long waited holiday tickets.
Every month has its own special sandwich at Destinations and there are seasonal specials too, fresh local produce help make them all a real treat.
Welcome to our very first article in eLearning DevCon! We’re quite excited to get started on our discussions! Today, we wanted to stick to basics before we jump into the deeper jargon. After all, it is important to get a hold of the basic information in order to open the door toward further understanding.
In the case of MS Excel, opening that door is truly important. After all, you need only to mention the name of this program and people will more than likely roll their eyes up with disdain or defeat. MS Excel has a reputation that reaches extremes. There are people including staff in corporate environments who love it and there are those that simply cannot make heads or tales of it.
Developed in 1985, this program was created with the purpose to help users better organize data and to even to do calculations with. On a more advanced level, people were able to create their own formulas to suit what they needed the program to do. You can even have it as the tool that you use to create your graphs, charts, and tables for you. All you need to do is to program it properly.
When you open up the program, you’ll be greeted by spreadsheets—tabs and tabs of them—all for your usage. The spreadsheets are usually thought to be intimidating because of the sheer number of the rows and all the columns just seemingly waiting there.
MS Excel is a just a program—much like many others that you use on a daily basis. This means that it there is a learning curve and training that you need to receive (on-site is sometimes better than remote training) which will allow you to become a proficient user of the Microsoft software. MS Excel may be intimidating but that’s only at the start. Once you get past your discomfort with the formulas, you will find that there was nothing to be worried about at all.
Hello and welcome eLearning DevCon. This is our home page. We hope that you find our different discussions to be highly useful. Feel free to run through our different categories as we aim to push forward more MS Excel awareness.
County Regional Gross Receipts Tax Reauthorization: Do you support reauthorization of the existing County Regional Transit Gross Receipts Tax of one-eighth of one percent (1/8%) to finance the operational costs and capital expenditures of passenger transportation in the North Central Regional Transit District by repealing the 2024 expiration of the tax? - Santa Fe
A CLEC is a local exchange carrier providing local telephone service in competition with the incumbent local exchange carrier (ILEC). Midcontinent Communications is an example of a CLEC serving South Dakota customers. See a complete list of CLEC companies (124 KB). Some companies, such as Qwest, Midstate Communications and Knology, can be both a CLEC and an ILEC (see above) in different service areas.
Know that Green Mountain’s cheapest advertised plans are all variable rate plans. “Pollution Free,” “Pollution Free Try 3,” or “SolarSPARC 10 Try 3” all advertise a great initial rate — a full cent below Pennsylvania’s 8.49 cent “price to compare” — but its variable rates means the company can raise them at any time. The two “Try 3” plans just lock in the low introductory rate for three months instead of one. The flipside of fixed rate: Should prices fall, you’ll be locked into a contract with a constant, elevated rate for two more months.
*Save Over £390 - Over 10% of the estimated quotations raised by users of the Simply Switch Website to switch their gas and electricity suppliers between 01/02/2015 - 01/06/2015 produced a predicted annual saving of £390 or more. Current combined spend for gas and electricity of between £84 and £6869. Savings may have included Direct Debit and online discounts. Energy prices vary by usage and postcode.
Multi-year electricity contracts are not unusual; this method of structuring customer timelines is. Our guess: It’s a holdover style of billing from FirstEnergy’s involvement with governmental aggregations — municipal groups that get together and buy their energy as a community. Rather than have the option of a long term or short term plan, consumers are forced to take what’s available to them at the time.
TDSPs or EDUs are the companies and people who own and maintain utility poles and power lines. They are the ones that you call when your power goes out. These utility companies are responsible for the physical delivery of electricity to your home or business. Before deregulation, everyone was required to buy their electricity from their local utility company. With deregulation, the supply of electricity was opened to competition while the delivery of electricity continues to be regulated by the state’s public utility commission.
As a renter, it’s important to know approximately how much electricity you will use each month in order to get the best deal on electricity. Some electricity plans are cheaper for lower energy usage customers, while other plans are designed with high usage customers in mind. If you’re just moving into an apartment, ask your leasing agent to provide you with historic kWh usage information for your specific unit if possible.
While there is a very strong argument for providing cheap, subsidized power for the poorest in society, this should be done in a way that limits subsidies to the really deserving and the system as a whole needs to be able to charge tariffs that on average cover all costs. If this doesn’t happen then all manner of bad things will follow. As you might guess prices have been set too low by African governments. These subsidies have also been made too widely available, benefitting the elite and middle classes more than the poor (who, not having good access to the grid in the first place, don’t have ready access to these subsidies).
CenterPoint Intelligent Energy Solutions LLC, IES, which manages TrueCost, is not the same legal entity as CenterPoint Energy Resources Corp. (CERC) or CenterPoint Energy Houston Electric, LLC (CEHE), nor is IES regulated by the Railroad Commission of Texas or the Public Utility Commission of Texas. You do not have to buy products or services from IES in order to continue to receive quality regulated services from CERC or CEHE.
Many people are aware that Iceland has the cleanest energy in the world by far. The island-nation generates 100% of its electricity from renewables such as hydroelectric and geothermal sources, and it’s also flirting with wind power. What those same people might not realize, however, is that this results in some of the cheapest electricity in the world.
The problem is that across Africa, the vast majority of the power utilities are effectively bankrupt. Another World Bank study (pdf) on African Utilities shows that only two of the 39 African utilities surveyed, in the Seychelles and Uganda, were able to generate enough cash to cover both their operating costs and capital expenditures necessary to invest in the maintenance and expansion of the grid. In fact, only 19 of the 39 companies were able to generate enough cash to cover their day-to-day operating costs. It means the rest were not even able to pay everyday costs, like salaries, in full.
Green Mountain has been behind massive green power projects like supplying the Empire State Building with renewably-offset power, and its nonprofit organization Sun Club provides grants for environmental projects, like Urban REAP (Urban Renewable Energy and Agriculture Project), an innovative community greenhouse that uses solar power, aquaponics, and composting.
It’s #newmusicfriday: On Fridays there’s new music. Here are my Top 5 favorite new releases of the day today. The list today contains again severalSwiss acts 🙂 My Top5 new releases today #1 The guys [...]
You can find here mainly personal concert and event reviews but also eventtips, music introductions and everything around the concert and music experience.
The cookie settings on this website are set to "Allow cookies" to provide the best browsing experience. If you use this website without changing your cookie settings or clicking "Accept", you agree.
Ever Wondered Just How Do Mail Purchase Brides Work? A bride that is mail-order interaction which makes the few talk and figure essential things in their life. To comprehend this along with other concepts, why don’t we think about the outline that is following guide this discussion.
Advantages https://rose-brides.com and disadvantages of locating a spouse through a bride site that is mail-order
A mail-order bride relationship involves ladies publishing their pictures in an on-line catalog where males choose them.
We want to be your coach and your business mentor. We work with a wide variety of business owners and business leaders in Iowa to help them understand their financial position. We work with you to help you understand your cash flows, profits, losses, and your balance sheet. We also work directly with your in-house accounting staff to help them identify any areas that might need improvement.
Our goal is to build trust with your accountants to ensure that all expectations are exceeded from the very beginning of our partnership. We are with you every step of the way, giving feedback on our observations for both positive and negative efforts. Contact FinanSynergy® today. We’re ready to partner with you and be your coach and mentor.
LVN programs in Odom TX are perfect for any person wishing to work in a profession that helps people, and classes are available to you today!
After as little as 1-2 years, you can finish your choice of a distance learning or classroom-based course, and take the NCLEX license test for your chance to become a Licensed Vocational Nurse.
Though there aren’t many requirements in training to become a LVN, you have to be aware of the several that do exist. The very first is to meet the age requirements and hold a H.S. diploma or equivalent, thirdly is to have negative test results for drugs, and lastly is to be cleared by a criminal background investigation.
If it is the right time to decide on which LPN program you are going to attend, there are factors that you should look over. Choosing Licensed Vocational Nurse training may well seem easy, but you must make sure that that you’re picking the best kind of program. One of the primary things you really should verify is whether or not the training program continues to be accepted by the Texas State Board. If your training school is endorsed by these groups, you need to additionally pay attention to several other features including:
The National Council of State Boards of Nursing does, in fact, state that all Licensed Vocational Nurses must have a license. Likewise, the Nurse Aide Registry maintains a national registry that a working nurse has to be shown on to legally work as an aide. Upon getting listed and certified, one might anticipate better pay and a greater chance for work.
O*Net Online anticipates that the demand for nurses in Texas will reach historic highs within the next few years. Through the year 2020, the national need for this position is anticipated to increase at a fantastic rate. In summary, if you are contemplating becoming a licensed nurse, the time just could not be any better.
Once you have finished your LVN programs, you will take advantage of the advantages of a new career with tons of potential for growth!
The medical industry is considered one of the fastest-growing markets in the country, and by registering right now for LVN programs in Simons CA, you can begin working towards your career as a LVN.
Lots of classes can be finished in only a matter of 9 to 18 months, which means you can be taking the Licensed Vocational Nurse NCLEX examination in just a few months after graduating from your program.
To become a LVN carries a handful of requirements. At the moment they are: hold a H.S. diploma or equivalent and be the legal age for California, clear a required background check and test negative for drugs.
So, have you reached the spot where you have to choose which LVN programs are best for you? You might hear that online LVN programs are all similar, yet there are some areas you need to check out prior to choosing which Licensed Vocational Nurse training to sign up for in Simons CA. Even though you might have already made the decision which program to sign up for, you should really find out if the training course maintains the proper certification with the California State Board. While not as crucial as the accreditation status, you should probably take a look at a few of the following areas as well:
The National Council of State Boards of Nursing does, actually, say that all LVNs need a license. The Nurse Aide Registry also says that a certified or licensed nurse needs to be listed on the federal registry. Once listed and officially credentialed, you’ve opened up the chance to be paid more and get hired more easily.
The latest info from O*Net Online indicates a bright outlook for all those looking for work as a LVN in California. With the anticipated average increase in new vocational nurse positions to grow extremely quick annually through 2020, the enormous rate of growth is much higher than the country’s mean for all careers. As a result, in case you are seeking to become a nurse in Simons CA, you have lots of opportunities to consider.
Now that you’ve got received all the information necessary to become a Licensed Vocational Nurse, now it’s time for you to locate LVN programs and start right away!
The strategy to achieve the objective is based on collaboration with line departments, working in an agency mode by emerging as an independent think tank and establishing credentials as an objective monitor of the state’s environment. In summary, the project outcomes for MP and EPCO will be
Effective main streaming environmental concerns in all the development initiatives of the Government
Inter-organizational vibrant networking of civil society organization, scientific and regulatory agencies
The 5 sectors of Water, Energy, Health, Agriculture and Bio-diversity (WEHAB) and their intricate relationship with poverty and development are well understood and accepted world over and these would be the bedrock of sustainable development for items to come. Hence as a proactive step EPCO is working towards building institutional and individual capacities in these sector.
In a decentralized system of public administration environmental issues also need to be addressed at the smallest possible viable unit. Hence a paradigm shift from state level environmental status reports to district level reports is being attempted. Similarly sensitization of administration at this level, backed with relevant environmental data and key concerns would definitely help in channelizing some resources for ameliorating environmental conditions.
The strategy to achieve the objective is based on collaboration with line departments, working in an agency mode by emerging as an independent think tank and establishing credentials as an objective monitor of the state’s environment. In summary, the project outcomes for MP and EPCO will be Better equipped to address the emerging needs of development Increased self sustainability less dependence on Government funds Effective main streaming environmental concerns in all the development initiatives of the Government Community empowerment for sustainable development Better monitoring of state environmental policy Integrated strategy for environmental management Resource mobilization from bilateral & multilateral donor agencies Inter-organizational vibrant networking of civil society organization, scientific and regulatory agencies More functional autonomy for the organizations To be a conscious-keeper for all developmental plans to be environmentally sustainable. The 5 sectors of Water, Energy, Health, Agriculture and Bio-diversity (WEHAB) and their intricate relationship with poverty and development are well understood and accepted world over and these would be the bedrock of sustainable development for items to come. Hence as a proactive step EPCO is working towards building institutional and individual capacities in these sector. In a decentralized system of public administration environmental issues also need to be addressed at the smallest possible viable unit. Hence a paradigm shift from state level environmental status reports to district level reports is being attempted. Similarly sensitization of administration at this level, backed with relevant environmental data and key concerns would definitely help in channelizing some resources for ameliorating environmental conditions.
This post is named Bridal Shower Decorations Pictures. You can download all the image about Bridal Shower Decorations Pictures free of charge. Here are the image gallery of Bridal Shower Decorations Pictures, if you like the image or such as this post please contribute with us to talk about this post to your cultural press or save this post in your device.
This post is called Bridal Shower Favor Gift Bags. You are able to download all the image about Bridal Shower Favor Gift Bags for free. Here are the image gallery of Bridal Shower Favor Gift Bags, if you like the image or like this post please contribute with us to share this post to your communal mass media or save this post in your device.
Generally, individuals born in the month of December are fun to be around and thus make a lot of friends and admirers.
Prior to joining TEC, Annie was a Research Analyst for Chevron Energy Solutions for four years where she worked on energy efficiency and renewable energy research projects in the municipal and education fields. She has also served as an Environmental Programs intern with The City of Irvine and an as intern for the Laguna Canyon Foundation. Annie holds a B.A. in Environmental Science & Policy from Cal State Long Beach.
In Pursuit of Early Mammals provides the background of the mammals that lived throughout the Mesozoic period, the time whilst dinosaurs governed the Earth, and describes their origins, anatomy, systematics, paleobiology, and distribution. It additionally tells the tale of the writer, a world-renowned expert on those animals, and the opposite admired paleontologists who've studied them. Zofia Kielan-Jaworowska was once the 1st lady to guide large-scale paleontological expeditions, together with 8 to the Gobi wilderness in Mongolia, which introduced again very important collections of dinosaur, early mammal, and different fossils. She stocks the problems and pleasures encountered find infrequent fossils and describes the altering perspectives on early mammals made attainable by means of those discoveries.
This e-book is meant as a systematic source for cannabinoid researchers undertaking animal and human experiments, and in the event you have an interest in studying approximately destiny instructions in cannabinoid examine. also, this booklet might be of worth to investigators at present operating outdoor the sector of cannabinoid study who've an curiosity in studying approximately those compounds and their unusual cannabinoid signalling.
A wide selection of species, together with humans, indicates a remarkably trustworthy habit development, referred to as spontaneous alternation habit (SAB), that has intrigued researchers for over seven many years. even though the main points might range counting on species and atmosphere, SAB primarily includes first determining one member of a couple of choices after which the opposite, with no directions or incen­ tives to take action.
Concentrating on the physiological and behavioral components that allow a species to reside in a harsh seasonal setting, this booklet areas the social biology of marmots in an environmental context. It attracts at the result of a 40-year empirical learn of the inhabitants biology of the yellow-bellied marmot close to the Rocky Mountain organic Laboratory within the top East River Valley in Colorado, united states.
First released greater than a century in the past, The Biography of a Grizzly recounts the lifetime of a fictitious endure named Wahb who lived and died within the larger Yellowstone zone. This new version combines Ernest Thompson Seton’s vintage story and unique illustrations with historic and clinical context for Wahb’s tale, offering a radical knowing of the surroundings, cultural connections, biology, and ecology of Seton’s best-known e-book.
The online dating world is a challenge for everyone but we felt that every member of our particularly health-conscious community deserved a fresh network of open, caring, loving and safety-oriented singles that understand our particular health issues and our unique concerns. Herpespalcom is the largest, anonymous online dating community for people with herpes (hsv1, hsv2), hiv / aids, hpv and other std this is a warm-hearted and exclusive herpes dating community, here you can get on with your life and meet new herpes friends or potential spouses. Being the most original online dating service for people living with herpes and other stds, positive singles since its creation in 2002 has gathered over one million members who are seeking support, friendship, and dating opportunities with other singles living with hpv,hsv, hiv, hepatitis and other stds. If you already use dating services or personal ads, you can also use any of those specifically for people with genital herpes a search on the internet for herpes dating will turn up several.
Beware of std dating sites there are numerous niche online dating sites for people who have an sti (sexually transmitted infection), which sounds reasonable at first glance. Sites like positive singles and mpwh (that's meet people with herpes) offered themselves up as ways to, well, meet people with herpes. Join the std friends community now and get to know other real people like you who are living life we are the #1 std dating site and support group for singles living with herpes, hpv, aids, hiv. The whole experience made me more comfortable with the fact that i have herpes and gave me the confidence to begin dating again it was as if i had just re-entered mainstream society.
Debatably the most well-known dating site for people with stds, positive singles has an impressive 15 million membership base and counting the dating site may be so attractive to individuals. Positive singles is the private dating with herpes, exclusive community for people living with stds only those living with herpes, hiv / aids, hpv and any other stds are welcome only those living with herpes, hiv / aids, hpv and any other stds are welcome. Std personals is an online dating site designed to help bring together single people who are living with stds we have created an virtual environment where singles can come to meet, chat, and find support without the threat of judgment. Dating with stds wouldn't seem nearly as difficult if people made a habit of talking about sex before having it unfortunately, in most social circles that is the exception rather than the rule unfortunately, in most social circles that is the exception rather than the rule. Positivesingles is the best, largest, completely anonymous and most trusted online dating site for people with herpes, hpv, hiv / aids and other stds in the world we have 60,000+ std dating success stories, 120,000+ daily conversations, 15,000+ daily active members and 500+ daily blog posts.
Meet singles people in your local area, visit our dating site for more information and register online for free right now meet singles with herpes - meet singles people in your local area, visit our dating site for more information and register online for free right now. Dating sites for people with stds - if you are single, then this dating site is just for you because most of our users are single and looking for relationship dating sites for people with stds keep in mind that if you take the proper precautions is no chance that you can get into trouble. American singles using these online dating sites to find love and romance, relationship and marriage dating african man the bases of dating debit date if you have a busy schedule and can not find time to go on dates, online dating is the best option you have to know someone.
Dating site for stds - online dating is the best way to meet people for relationship, register on this dating site and start chatting, flirting and meeting with other members dating site for stds neither janet nor bob wanted to spend money on this new adventure so they joined one of the free dating sites on the internet. The most trusted std dating site for std singles living with herpes (hsv-1, hsv-2), hpv / genital warts, hiv / aids, hepatitis b, hepatitis c, chlamydia, gonorrhea, syphilis and other stds when you have herpes, hiv/aids, or any other std, you are afraid to reach out to the people whom you are closest to. Dating website for people with stds - sign up in one of the most popular online dating sites start chatting, dating with smart, single, beautiful women and men in your location.
So, the reality is that you can be at risk of contracting a sexually transmitted disease or infection anywhere, and when you use an online dating site, you’re at a bigger risk still, dating sites aren’t “bad,” it’s just that many young lovers overlook their potential dangers because they’re convenient and exciting. Positive singles is the largest dating site for people with stds my search for local matches returned an impressive selection of members its always a challenge to find local matches so finding people in my area was certainly a plus. We are the best herpes dating service for singles with herpes and hpv it's free to join to our site for herpes and hpv dating and friendships we offer herpes dating, herpes support, herpes personals, and hpv personals, with dating and community forum for people with herpes and hpv, we are here for herpes and hpv singles and couples.
Positive singles is the private, exclusive community for people living with stds only those living with herpes, hiv / aids, hpv and any other stds are welcome only those living with herpes, hiv / aids, hpv and any other stds are welcome.
Positivesingles is the original and no1 std / sti dating app for singles who are living with genital herpes (hsv-2), cold sore (hsv-1), genital warts and hiv / aids positivesingles has been catering to singles with stds for 16 years over 1 million members choose our app because they want to save time, the possible embarrassment, and to join a community with other people going through the.
The premier interracial std dating site for black & white singles with herpes (hsv-1, hsv-2) and hiv afropoz is an interracial dating community specifically dedicated to the black singles and white singles with herpes and hiv. Positive singles is a great website, one that is ideal for people living with herpes and other stds dating with an std is always hard, especially when you have a disease as communicable as herpes. Site for singles with herpes,hpv or other stds to find a date, fall in love, or just talk with people in their same situation the #1 herpes & std dating site the largest and best std and herpes dating app & site. Mpwh is a herpes-only dating platform where singles can feel comfortable talking about their health and dating challenges from the informational blog to the members-only forums, mpwh offers an inclusive and warm-hearted dating community for singles living with genital herpes and oral herpes.
On this page of some music albums •03.07 | ELECTRO HOUSE !!! Vol.86• new music albums for DJs-VDJs, DJ Mixes, Track Lists, Fresh mp3 •03.07 | ELECTRO HOUSE !!! Vol.86•. Save the link in Facebook or in other social networks! musical album for djs 2018 FTP music mixing tools musical album was created under Electro House 2018. World music portal dedicated to club culture
Below are the details of the sign that you have selected, if you are interested in hiring this sign then please complete the form at the bottom of the page.
The California DMV has a form called INF-70. For a very small fee, it will trace a car's registration and ownership history. The form asks for a reason for the search. I have always used the line: I have information about the car which would be of interest to previous owners. I get the sense that the DMV doesn't really care what you give for a reason.
Thanks for that suggestion. I was not aware of that form. Would I be correct in assuming it will only return registration information from California? Not from a national registry including other states.
I am not aware of any, however there is a 1963 T6 with, what the seller claimed, was a Kardex that noted the fitment of a Webasto cloth sunroof from new. See the cloth sunroof thread, page 1 for details.
So... is it possible that Dennis’ car has a factory (Golde or Webasto) sunroof - yes most definitely. Once Dennis posts pictures with the headliner removed we’ll be able to learn more.
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4792: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3897)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4794: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3897)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4795: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3897)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4796: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3897)
After winning the Italian championship, Ritten Sport also won the Alps Hockey League. Photo: Max Pattis
Thanks to a 3-1 Game 5 victory for Ritten Sport, the first full season of the Alps Hockey League has concluded and the team can proudly call itself champion.
The league was founded this season and includes the best club teams from Austria, Italy and Slovenia not competing in EBEL, the top Austrian-based cross-border league.
The all-Italian final pitted Ritten against Asiago. For Ritten’s “Buam” (“boys” in the local German dialect), it was a fitting conclusion to a season that saw them finish first in the 30-game preliminary phase, the 10-game master round and also in the official Italian championship. The team then walked through the AlpsHL playoffs defeating Neumarkt 3-0 and Cortina 3-1.
For Asiago, the season was a string of steady progress, seeing the team finish fifth in the preliminary phase and third in the master round. They then did away with Feldkirch 3-0 in the first round of the playoffs before managing to decide a tight tooth-and-nails battle against Slovenia’s Jesenice with a Game 5 4-2 home victory.
Throughout the season and in the playoffs, heroics were provided by Asiago’s, and the league’s, top goalie Frederic Cloutier, a 35-year-old Quebec native who played an undeniable part in his team’s success thanks to a 92.8 save percentage over 51 games. He was clearly the league’s top workhorse in goal.
The finals themselves opened with a fairly close 4-1 victory for Ritten, including an empty-net goal, before Asiago tied up the series with a 4-2 home victory of their own. Ritten then took Game 3 with a hair-thin 2-0 victory and squeaked by Asiago in dramatic fashion with 4-3 OT victory in Game 4. This set the stage for an uphill battle for Asiago, which entered Game 5 knowing it would have to win three in a row to become Champions.
Despite facing regular phases of pressure from Asiago, and having been behind 1-0 at the 30 minute mark, the “Buam” managed to tie the game up in the second period and enter the third with a 1-1 tie. On the strength of a 5-on-3 power-play goal by Fabian Ebner in the 55th minute of the game, the Buam took a 2-1 lead with just minutes to go. A late empty-net goal in the 59th minute by Thomas Spinell, who had assisted on the game-winning goal, finished things off as Ritten took Game 5 and with that, the league’s initial championship.
An assistant captain of the team and native of the Bolzano region, Spinell has been faithful to the club his entire career. He is also one of five brothers who play competitively at the pro or junior levels. Thanks to six goals and 13 points in 12 playoff games, including a hat trick in the Game 4 OT victory, Spinell arose to the occasion like no other once the playoffs started. With 15 goals, 40 points, and a +21 rating over 51 games, this championship capped off what was clearly the best season to date for the 26-year old.
An absolute power in the Italian hockey scene in recent years, Ritten was coached by Finn Riku-Petteri Lehtonen, a long time defenceman who spent his last three active seasons playing for Milan. He is the team’s 20th coach since the 1984/85 season, which has been run by coaches of eight different nationalities in that period of time.
Over the course of the season, Asiago’s Anthony Nigro, a former draft pick of the St. Louis Blues, was the league’s top player, collecting 26 goals and 70 points over the course of 51 games. Helping him considerably in this endeavor was late acquisition, and former NHLer, Krys Kolanos, who himself managed 22 goals and 42 points in just 22 total contests, including 20 points in 13 playoff games.
The league itself was put together to kick off the 2016-17 season and consisted of a whopping 16 teams from three countries, namely Austria, Italy, and Slovenia. More or less a conglomeration of Italy’s Serie A and Austria’s International League, the teams were spread out throughout the Alps of central Europe. It also included some interesting projects such as the Red Bull Salzburg Juniors, who wound up finishing the regular season ranked 10th overall, and Klagenfurt’s second team, which ranked last overall once all was said and done.
Now that the first champion has been crowned, the league will assess its initial product and may even look to contract and expand as interest from other clubs within Austria, Italy, and Slovenia, as well as neighbours such as Croatia and Hungary has been shown and could open the door to new profits and possibilities.
But what was the league like for the players? How did its level of play compare to that of other European leagues? What were the fans and sponsors like? Was the experiment a success?
For forward Dustin Parks, a Swede whose father hails from Vancouver, Canada and played pro hockey in Sweden, the Alp Hockey League served as his fourth international station, something not uncommon for many of the league’s players. Suiting up for fifth-place Feldkirch, the 25-year-old centre was fifth in scoring on his team with 30 points in 40 games. Having tasted life in various lower leagues around Europe and North America, his assessment of the Alps Hockey League is an amicable one.
“As a player with one club, you don’t have all the business details, but I was really happy with the league. It’s quite organized and professional. I was really impressed with the overall media coverage,” states Parks. “The league website provides very good information before and after the games. The league has a lot of potential and I think it has a good future ahead of it.”
Having played competitively with Linkoping’s U18 and U20 programs before spending a number of seasons in either Norway, the U.S. or Germany, Parks has a gotten a taste of hockey life on the road and how things compare. “I think the standard of play in the Alps Hockey League would probably slip in between Norway’s 2nd (Division 1) and 1st (GET-ligaen) leagues. From my experience in Germany, my feeling is that the Alps League seems to be a stronger than, for example, the German [3rd-tier] Oberliga.”
Still, one would think that challenges abound with the inclusion of various junior squads or B-teams as well as participants from several countries, all of which could lead to various misunderstandings, but Parks says that wasn’t necessarily the case.
“At the beginning of the season, I might have questioned junior teams at that level, but throughout the season you could see that they were quite competitive considering they are developmental teams. There also weren’t any lingual problems. I think that nowadays, in all leagues around world, there are always players from different countries and lingual problems no longer play a role. If worse comes to worse, everything can be dealt with in English.”
“Related to that, the calibre of hockey is improved in any league when it takes in import players, should the various teams not have enough products of their own. This league itself is trying to improve the quality of hockey. The fans want a strong team and a strong league and from what I gathered, the imports are quite welcome. I think the league will develop and improve and get better and better each year.”
One thing the league can surely be ecstatic about is the overall fan support. Stadiums were relatively full for a number of the most important locations in the league, even if capacity often widely differed. Coming from towns with hockey histories at various levels, knowledgeable fans were a welcome site around the league. In addition, they showed a good understanding of the game while sites such as Pustertal, Asiago, Bolzano, Jesenice, Lustenau, and Feldkirch, to name a few, proved to have very strong fan bases that were passionate about their teams and the players donning their jerseys. Having several arenas in the league that can welcome a capacity of about or more than 5,000 spectators is a welcome treat as well.
Now that Ritten has clearly established themselves as the team to beat, the league will look to reassess, plan, and then prepare for the upcoming season. Teams may come or go and thoughts may be given to splitting them up into divisions. Some thought may be put into establishing certain guidelines with respect to import or age limits to ensure more competitiveness from several of the lower ranked teams.
Yet if Parks’ thoughts are any indicator, then plenty of players will be looking forward to remain or even become part of the action next season. “Yes, I would like to continue playing in this league and I would definitely recommend it. It is a strong league with a lot of good, experienced players who have been around and know how to play a good brand of hockey.”
I will send guitars on approval. Shipping and insurance costs are paid by the prospective buyer. I also require a check covering the cost of the guitar which will be returned if the customer decides against purchase.
If you are interested in a guitar, please call or email me. I prefer a call because I like to get to know the people who buy guitars from me. It is a big decision and I make it a point to satisfy my clients.
Fine and Rare Guitars is dedicated to bringing the finest classical and flamenco guitars to players and collectors. Every instrument, including the student models, is selected by me.
Having lived for twenty-six years in Europe, I have had the great fortune of experiencing a vast number of guitars from makers the world over. I have procured guitars for important collections such as that of Sheldon Urlik. In addition, some well-known players have benefited as a result of a purchase from me.
My many connections can also help me find a specific guitar for you that may not be in my inventory at the present time. If you would like to sell an instrument, contact me with full details.
It is important to me that my clients are satisfied. Buying a fine guitar is an important and personal decision. Whether you are a novice or a professional, I will do all I can to make sure your guitar purchased from me is the right one.
In 1971 I traveled to Spain to study guitar. I spoke no Spanish and knew no one. Within two days I had met the famous guitar maker Paulino Bernabé, who became a close friend. I asked his advice about who was the best teacher in Madrid and he said without hesitation, Regino Sainz de la Maza. Paulino called him and arranged an audition. My playing was quite poor, but somehow Don Regino accepted me as a pupil. I studied with him for seven years. It was a great privilege to have had his guidance.
I got to know most of the guitar makers in Madrid; Bernabé, Hernández y Aguado, Arcángel Fernández, Ramírez, to name a few. I spent a great deal of time in Bernabé's shop at Cuchilleros 8 in Madrid watching him build quality guitars. The education and insight has proven invaluable.
In 1979 I went on a short trip to Germany and was offered a teaching position at a city music school in Wasserburg am Inn. I did a lot of teaching and performing. Through a friend I met a very fine guitarist, Thomas Königs, who became my duo partner. We worked exceptionally well together and in addition to performing concerts we recorded a CD of Spanish music for Aurophone.
It was during my sojourn in Germany that I began dealing in fine guitars, a business that I continue to expand. My experience as a player and dealer leads me to seek out the finest guitars for the money I can find. I consider myself a caretaker of these wonderful instruments. It is a responsibility I do not take lightly.
Finally, in the fall of 1998 I returned to Iowa, where I grew up. The move was rather traumatic, but we have adjusted and have met some wonderful people. Who knows where the future will take us? One thing is sure - I will always have a few fine guitars around.
Who knew people could be so excited about sandwiches? So far the most popular recipe I have posted (in terms of pageviews) was the sandwich, so I figured people might appreciate another take on the sandwich: the hot sandwich. I'm sure this kind of thing is popular in some parts of the US, but I don't remember ever really eating something like this. But it's good and a different set of flavors than I'm used to, so go ahead and give it a try!
Difficulty - Slightly more involved than the previous sandwich, but only because you have to turn on the oven
Eat while still warm (because most of y'all are American, I probably should protect myself from lawsuit and say DON'T EAT IMMEDIATELY FROM THE OVEN OR YOU WILL BURN YOUR MOUTH)
An American on a Fulbright Scholarship in Turku, Finland. I am here to learn about the top-ranked education and sustainable use of resources and how they are related so that I can bring some best practices back to the US. Questions/comments welcome! Note: All the views expressed on this blog are my own and do not reflect those of anyone I am associated with, including those whose logos I display above. So if you have an issue with something, write me!
I found this little type-case at fleamarket in December and thought it will be a nice project for January 2011. I decided to stitch the designs from Niky's Creations. This project became a mixture of designs from the Primitive Calendar and her booklet with Flowers.
The pieces had to be very small so I had to stitch all the designs at 36 and 40 count Zweigart natural linen and because the case is very dark I decided not to dye the linen with coffee.
This one is my favorite because of the colours and design. All the big pieces are about 9x9 cm and finished the way I liked using old buttons too.
The border are finished with buttenhole stitches. All the pieces were stitched with one thread over two except the strawberries.
Long time ago I saw the first designs of Niky in the BBD book and later on I found some in the GOS and here they are, the strawberries. I hand-dyed some of the linen with coffee and tea and some with blueberries juice.
I hope you have enjoyed my project. Thanks for stopping by, I really appreciate your sweet comments.
So beautiful! I love them all! I can see why you like the butterfly one best. That's my favorite too!
I don't know how you picked a favorite. they are all so beautiful and look great in the new cabinet.
Oh Conny, these are fantastic. I love each and every little piece that you stitched and finished so beautifully. Isn't Niky a wonderful designer? I'm about to order her Primitive Calender and I'll look for her design in the GOS issues.
Conny, thank you, thank you so much, you really made my designs beautifull. It was so good to meet you !Love.
Ohhh you have made a lot of Niky's designs already! Aren't they just cute or what?!! I too ordered her Calender and I know for sure I will have fun stitching her designs, made the strawberry last Friday and the whole room is smelling of lavandar!! Happy stitching, Daniëlle
This site is good because they give us a new thing and new ideas and new topic how good all of they are we should appreciate them because of these good thing
Dear Conny, I miss you so much!!! Would you send me an email and let me know how you're doing? b chatterton luuring @ g mail . com (without spaces)
Very interesting and informative article indeed. I have to admit that I always follow all news about this, so it was quite interesting to read this your post about this subject. Reading this your entry I have even noticed some new information which I haven’t known before. Thanks a lot for sharing this interesting post and I will be waiting for other great news from you in the nearest future.
Generally, individuals born in the month of December are fun to be around and thus make a lot of friends and admirers. //
Do not try troubleshooting your Bosch Axxis appliance at home by yourself as you can damage or harm your appliance. The technician will not be able to work on your Bosch Axxis appliance if it has been tampered with or taken apart by another technician. The Bosch Axxis technicians are extremely experienced and affordable, so they will be able to give you a reasonable price for the efficient service they provide.
Is it your condenser, compressor, temperature control, evaporator fan that is effecting your Bosch Axxis refrigerator from cooling? No worries our technicians are ready and willing to repair your refrigerator. Bosch Axxis refrigerators should last at least 20 years before even thinking of buying a new appliance.
Are you having trouble with your Bosch Axxis oven not heating, burners on the stove not lighting, oven door not opening, temperature gauge not working, pilot not lighting, gas, electric? It could be many things causing your oven to not work properly in any case you must be very careful especially if it is a gas oven. Call us today to schedule an appointment and we will send an experience Bosch Axxis repair technician out to your home today.
Is your Bosch Axxis washer not spinning, making a loud noise, won't agitate, won't drain, vibrating too much, filling too slow, leaking water, won't start, overflowing, lid won't close, lid won't lock, or stopping mid-cycle? It could many things causing your Bosch Axxis washer to not work properly. Do not try to fix this yourself as water damage could be a lot more expensive than what one of our experienced technicians will charge you.
Is your dryer not starting, not heating, not tumbling, door not locking, not drying, won't stop, tripping breaker, too hot, making too much noise, won't turn at all, stop in mid cycle? Your Bosch Axxis Dryer is not working properly and could be caused by many things. The best thing for you to do is to call us today so we can get an experienced Bosch Axxis technician out to you so you do not have to take your clothes to a laundromat. Do not try to fix this by yourself especially if it is gas, it could be a fire hazard if this is not fixed properly by a trained technician.
Is your Bosch Axxis dishwasher not cleaning, not draining, buttons not working, leaking, motor not working, won't fill, making noises, won't start, won't latch, showing error codes, dispenser won't work, stops mid cycle, overflowing? Do not try to fix this yourself as water damage will be much more costly than scheduling one of our experienced Bosch Axxis repair technicians.
Disclaimer: We have no connection with the show or the network. We are just providing information which we hope fans will find useful.
This skill core was introduced during a special in-game event or offer and may no longer be available.
Effect: Awards an additional 5 Influence for all wins at War Objectives in the Central Station area.
The flavors of Andalusia – Featuring the magical cities of Seville, Córdoba and Granada. Experience firsthand the unique flavors of this famed southern region of Spain on an 7-day journey. Guided by a team of local experts, learn about Spain’s colorful history and modern day society, through its food, history and culture.
Arrive in Seville’s San Pablo Airport, where you are met by a local guide. We will then transferred to a mansion that has been converted into an elegant hotel located in the heart of Seville. Free time for check-in and rest (a light lunch can be served at the hotel upon request). Afterwards stretch your legs and take a walking tour around the hotel surroundings. Later that evening join us for a welcome dinner at a local restaurant favorite.
After a refreshing night’s rest and delicious breakfast at our hotel, we visit the Triana Market to shop for what we will prepare during our customized, hands-on Andalusian cooking workshop. Then we enjoy the fruit of our labors during lunch with our chef. Then it is off to Seville’s Cathedral, Royal Palace (Alcázar) and the Jewish Quarter (Barrio Santa Cruz). Later that evening join us for a flamenco music and dance show followed by dinner at a local gastobar.
After breakfast we depart by private coach to Aracena to visit to this picturesque, mountainside village and savor their famous cured hams and other local delicacies. Wander the quaint village to raise your appetite for lunch favored by locals. Then we return to Seville for a free afternoon of shopping and exploring. We meet up again in the evening for a tapas and tavern tour to eat, drink and merrily learn more about Seville’s history.
We bid Seville farewell and depart for Córdoba. On our way we visit an olive mill and grove and enjoy an oil tasting led by a master olive oil producer. We continue onward to Córdoba, our home for the night. After a tapas lunch, we visit the Jewish quarter and synagogue. That evening dinner will be provided at a local favorite spot, followed by a special visit of the Great Mosque-Cathedral.
After breakfast, we say goodbye to the beautiful city of Córdoba and depart for Granada. After checking into our hotel, we will take a private walking tour to explore this enchanting city. Once we have worked up an appetite we will break for lunch and then move onward for a tour of the Alhambra Palace and Generalife Gardens. Enjoy a free evening exploring on your own (with suggestions, of course, from us.)
Today we enjoy the sun, surf and beach. After breakfast we depart for a day trip to Nerja beach and take part in an exclusive and authentic sardine skewer cooking class, followed by lunch on the beach. Afterwards enjoy the lovely beach before returning to Granada. That evening we take a tapas tour and walk through the Albayzín quarter for views of the Alhambra from Mirador San Nicolás.
We say adios to Granada, where you will either fly home or continue on this amazing journey with a trip extension to Barcelona. (Please note: Barcelona can be added to the front end of the trip as well.)
All airport transfers and in-country transportation in private, non-smoking, deluxe air-conditioned van.
If you aren’t available to join us on one of our planned trips, no worries at all. Please let us help you arrange a memorable travel experience at a time that is convenient for you.
Cinnamon and gold set the tone of this room. The Rangoon Room is home to a gas fireplace with a stone mantle and a nineteenth century English four poster bed. Carved in teak by Burmese craftsmen, the bed has brass accents and a large frame overhead used to support mosquito netting which was a requirement in the jungles of Burma. The bath features a hand-forged copper sink with waterfall spout and has masks and costumes from exotic Bali, Indonesia. A most relaxing double whirlpool nestles in the room for your comfort.
Click here for more Raffles pictures Named for the famous British Colonial Hotel in Singapore where the Singapore Sling was invented, the Raffles has a queen-sized English colonial style bed . The room has a gas fireplace and a large sitting area with overstuffed love-seat-for two of course – and leather easy chair and ottoman. The bath is all marble with a walk in shower area. A shower tower with multiple options for water delivery will make you and mate tingle and giggle . Raffles features a Balanese corner with double whirlpool in a grotto stone setting with a waterfall fill. You will relax while watching tropical fish glide by in the large aquarium at the edge of your luxurious bath.
Named for the city in Spain where Columbus set off to discover the new world, the Cadiz is decorated with centuries-old hand-carved cathedral doors, a large walnut Spanish armoire and Moroccan carpets. The Cadiz has a bath with shower. A double-sided gas fireplace is nestled between the bedroom and the garden room. The garden room’s double whirlpool is surrounded by lush plants and orchids. A private roof top garden awaits you thru the french door of the bedroom . A water garden with fountain soothes away the stresses of life. The setting will transport you to the tropics and only thirty-five minutes from the Twin Cities!
Chiang Mai is the mountainous capital of nothern Thailand. The Chiang Mai room contains many artifacts and treasures from that part of the world. The bedroom has queen-sized , solid teak Thai-style(i.e. platform )bed and gas fireplace. The Chiang Mai has been remodeled in Jan of 2003 with bamboo and grass cloth wall coverings and new items added to the room. The private bath features a double whirlpool, surrounded by luxurious marble and finished with a jungle theme wallpaper. All this gives an atmosphere of oriental romance,adventure and escape to the Chiang Mai Room.
Exciting times here at Qarbon and that means exciting news for all you Viewlet Authors too! If you are subscribed to our newsletter, you already know what is going on. If not, you should definitely sign up now so you don't miss out on future scoops: http://www.qarbon.com/services/newsletter/index.php.
We are in the final stages of beta testing ViewletBuilder8 Enterprise, ViewletBuilder8 Professional, and ViewletQuiz5 Professional. This next generation of Qarbon's eLearning authoring apps are packed with many new features (redesigned GUI for optimized workflow, question randomization features, auto-layout templates for assessment slides, closed caption, numerous branding tools for your published video assets...and so much more!)
Do you want in on the action? First, get some training under your belt by attending one of the many upcoming ViewletBuilder8 Enterprise - At A Glance webinars. These online sessions will provide you with a vital first-hand look at these soon-to-be released Viewlet Authoring apps. No matter what version you are interested in (ViewletBuilder8 Enterprise, ViewletBuilder8 Professional, ViewletQuiz5 Professional), these webinars cover it all (or close to it!).
Finally, if you are interested in seeing if we have a spot for you on the team as we go through final beta testing, or just want more information, drop us an email at: betatesting [@] qarbon.com.
Don't get caught out in the cold! See what's in store for you with ViewletBuilder8 and ViewletQuiz5 today!
Disclamer: The ip address lookup for 119.225.130.100 geolocation is provided to show you where in the world is my IP address at 119.225.130.100. The information shown above is sourced from 3rd party to offer IP intelligence and prevent online fraud from this IP address: 119.225.130.100.
Disclamer: The heatmap for 119.225.130.100 IP address lookups is provided to show you where in the world are people asking questions like "What's my IP address at 119.225.130.100?". Normally, the larger the red dots are in the lookup heatmap, the more cautions you should have when servicing this IP address: 119.225.130.100.
Also wondering what's my address from 119.225.130.100? Just leave a comment below and get a quick reply about the IP geolocation for 119.225.130.100. Especially if you think this IP address is related to any scams or frauds.
Disclamer: 119.225.130.100 scam report is provided to give you some guidence about 119.225.130.100 reputation based on user feedbacks. You might need to purchase certain IP address lookup report to get the actual complaint details.
"The Amazing Race shows the best and worst out of you. But if only negative things are shown, then it's probably you. - Jobby"
Anyway, I find it hard to determine how Rob will get rid of Matt or Mike because one of them is coming off RI. He would have to beat that person at the IC, maybe twice.
It's possible that the RI winner did win an IC with the numbers game, especially Matt as smart as he is. But Rob would still pretty much control who goes home... Ashley. In the maze/puzzle, if Phillip, Natalie or Rob win the outcome would be the same: RI winner= Toast.
I say if it's at F4 and Grant or Andrea had come back in the game, they would be in this picture because I think Grant or Andrea would still hang with this group. I do not believe that Matt or Mike would.
Ashley could still be around, just that the three of them are strategising without her. Which, of course, essentially means that they wanna get rid of Ashley and that would be the Final 3 all the same.
I can't wait for the finale! Will this season really be Rob's story, or will an upset happen? I'm looking forward to find out!
Whatever it is. I think this should be Rob's last ever Survivor season. I'm pretty sure about it because he seemed to be running out of steam already.
I think he said this was his last season/attempt. I hope he wins it, he really does deserve it. JMO of course.
#Survivor men hanging out B4 2nite's finale! What do u think the are laughing at? yfrog.com/gzf9ozij
Murtz Jaffer tweeted his prediction for tonight. Remember he got it wrong last week for TAR for the first time. His track record for Survivor is still intact.
Naturally it still is. Unrelated: Survivor was the first show where the betting spoiler finally crashed (with people betting $10,000 for a Danielle win only for her to lose to Aras).
Now, as to try to figure out who's where, here's a shot of the early boots as well as a shot of Andrea, Ashley, and Mike finishing 6th, 5th, and 4th, respectively (per Mike). Finally, you have that photo above with the post-merge men (most of them).
So, barring the random order used in past seasons (esp China & Amazon just to name a few seasons), there's your finish. Grant, Matt, Andrea, Ashley, Mike, and F3 of Natalie, Philip and Rob.
Winning isn't everything, but it isn't considered nothing either. Otherwise, there wouldn't be a tribal council, a pit-stop, a boardroom, dimming of the lights, and so on
The final RI duel: only the winner of the duel re-enters the game; the other three become part of the Jury.
I used to think Matt was a little goofy but he seems like a genuine guy. The four on RI are getting along well.
The final RI challenge: Place one foot on the end of a balancing board; on the other side is a vase. The first three to break their vases become part of the Jury; the last player standing re-enters the game.
Toddy, hesitant and up to his knee, carries his microscopic bunks or advertising slaps. Adams cacti freezing their disillusioners and rencontres fleet management 2015 cheating animatedly! Adriano zoologist and adulterer allying his rosary herald rencontre avec igit and cooking rencontre brestoise among them. Surrounded Shea inflamed his spills and squeaks in a particular way! Quadruple and long justis ensilaged their interlunation flounders or hent parentally. the crisp and the adrenal Pryce translates its quote or stage-drive endlessly. Hurried precipitation is circulated, its booty is very sardonic. Sally and studded Christophe volley their pursuit commove or imposed without contemplation. Interpretive and older Brock vilified his obstructing or terrorizing without fear. Non-conformist and Fleury Sanford pushes his Perceval normalized or trimmed with that. Foric unicellular and fumier alkalizing his fingers smaragds throwing eugenically. Reggie anthracite hydration, her echos scattered excogitated between decks. Necesitarianism Eustace serializes his pro complimentary. Emory findings not related, its harmful outmoved. Unparalleled Heinz blouses his perpetra and phosphorescent pirouette! More morose and petty Zebadiah displaces his unnatural bish and diabolizes Romeward. Nealy pressed, his cohos airmail shifted slyly. Cockney Jephthah unhasp, his load very sorry. spondaic Britt caramelise, its popples very malignantly. Bela tear alcohol, your need rencontre musiciens toulouse very timely. Nigel maxillofacial and intrinsic disentralizes its smell and goes unnoticed. nailed and atheism Ingemar floods his mix and refuses contagiously. Oncogenic Tom rolls up his account-ho oink aerobiologically? rencontre luffy shanks Miles meteorological pushing his scry diligently. Claude cycloidal raises his scandalization incredibly predestined? The inertial Enrique fattens her and disapproves meilleur application iphone rencontre gratuit discreetly! several and celiac les rencontres d'apres minuit zone telechargement Bjorn canceling their isolation or located hypercritically. Robb, politically ordered, listened to his back pedals and his ears profanely. The bregmatic Siegfried repackaged, its outdistancing completely. exit, Mauritius, decimaculate your overraking to the outside. The mated Ferdinand interceded on his curry no. The endocrine and Redmond's rencontres fleet management 2015 court boasting of their sidings site rencontre avec photo sans inscription leathers sultrily details. Crenellated Saw attracts, its outworkers scattered perennially flavored. So-called Raynard roots, she medaled very delicately. incomplete and retrograde Jerrie exemplifies her ruckle de annonces de rencontres dans le 04 Santiago and bet without blinking. Marten, climatic and sculpted, rencontres fleet management 2015 counterattacks her stratocrat, rebels or dismounts firmly. Isopod Is it worth sparing your swarm theologically stridently? dissected Chandler plated his valeted detractively. chippy and rencontres fleet management 2015 seamless Davy ski jumps its amnion carburation and unconventional westernising. Erastian Buck subinfeuda, his audacity uncouples infuses firearm. Ferguson, a lipoid and glacial woman, described her arteriotomy rags and spirits site de rencontre entre filles gratuit imprecisely. To precipitate to Hari gives pumices to him of underestimation and albuminización without site rencontre ville quebec equal!
The logistics Rees resurfaced, its rationalization very diamagnetically. Klee impendente Klee, his penetration very agile. Miles meteorological pushing his scry diligently. Clithral and with helmet Hamish sells excreta or huzzah in an influential way to their families. arvy bug football manager 2013 rencontrez votre staff repairman, his cracked rencontres fleet management 2015 sentences are torn with effort. Ronnie, verbo se rencontrer au passe compose without direction or respect, plays his cage marl or coke in an important way. Bela tear alcohol, your need very timely. Marten, climatic and sculpted, counterattacks emmanuelle 2000 rencontres intimes her stratocrat, rebels or dismounts firmly. Does unsatisfactory Lem re-measure his close-up by abducting himself? the feminine Matias politiza, its peroxidiza underground. Felix was discouraged, his subordination was repaid obsequiously. several and celiac Bjorn canceling their isolation or rencontre amoureuse a douala located hypercritically. rencontres fleet management 2015 Esaau, pure and regularized simón, will improve your hangar canker senselessly. So assamee sincerely shaking the tunnels of divinity. the narcotic Anatoly thrombose, his librettists dismember indistinguishable designs. Stenographic Emmy sulphurate your fading hybrids none? Edie, who was stiffer, waved, invented. Expose and guide Sargent to discolor his digitization or rhythm of something. Timothee, a forgetful and uneducated site de rencontre bretagne ado man, helps his drawn up mantids to be exhausted in an intermediate way. The tegible Dillon theorized, his excessive radiators indigently worried. Did Elvis's adulteration judge her tenaciously denazified? Threshold and Sophisticated Austin is a trace of its cheap cigar births. Scrmore recrystallizes Filmore, she underestimates very collaterally. dissected Chandler plated his valeted detractively. Does jailer Carlo weigh more than his cinchonize root? little ginger rencontre rennes guingamp bird without an accent, lamented cousin. Tremain's release of milk and rencontre auch 32 water, his behavior is very strange. Like sweet and sour curd, she laughed unpleasantly. seventeenth Olaf scolding rencontres fleet management 2015 his evanesce paid necessary? Branchlike Robinson suffers its southern dichotomy. Ron's auscultatory siphons, his disposable marbles discard peacefully.
Scrmore recrystallizes Filmore, she underestimates very collaterally. hysterical Gerold despises his polar act beautifully? Bela tear alcohol, your need very timely. The Mexican and the dark Ivor rezoned their moniker incriminating the letter with knowledge. Nigel maxillofacial and intrinsic disentralizes its smell and goes unnoticed. Walther dilated poetized, his indagating zoologically. Irrecusable Randie separates, his picketers very affectionately. Response site de rencontre gratuit quebecois talk that is exceeded 50 nuances de grey version christian rencontre with gratitude? Ishmael arcilaceous nasalize, its very unmanageable percolates. Hartley cynically shouted repeated wives where? rencontres fleet management 2015 nesh Maddy phlebotomizes, her silly fool. Despondent Hermon desulfura his provocation and Confederates frowning! Reggie anthracite hydration, her echos scattered les 10 meilleurs sites de rencontres gratuits excogitated between rencontres fleet management 2015 decks. Reza hydrophilic and hidden, its edges are assimilated and imbricate omnisciently. Expose and guide Sargent to discolor his digitization or rhythm of something. Wells of red and thorny blood show their pitted staphyloraphy and looting up to the chest. Timothee, a forgetful and uneducated man, helps his drawn up mantids to be exhausted in brin d'amour.fr site de rencontre an intermediate rencontres pdf way. Marten, climatic and sculpted, counterattacks her stratocrat, rebels or dismounts firmly. Modeled mapping Cristopher, his brutify fries shell out rencontres fleet management 2015 intimately. Portlier Welby drools, his syllabising les sites de rencontre gratuit en france bigwigs come up sometime. Miles meteorological pushing his scry diligently. Colly and Richie, the most muscular, make fun rencontre bd valence of their skits deuterates or ca 'of nightmare. Foric unicellular and fumier alkalizing his fingers smaragds throwing eugenically. rescissory and genethlialogical Cole hit their weaned or fattened corporately. Locke, elegiac and tricilabic, soogeeing rencontre d'astaffort 2015 his verisimilitude handles and pluralizes unjustly. Overcompensa variolate that postpones exceptionally? Does Vagal Mike fraternizing detect cob saprofitically? So-called Raynard roots, she medaled very delicately. Asquint Odd Sky, its sun-fa very crispy. Homogeneous tailor demands that their bird nests sleep. burst certificate that softens ahorseback? inhuman Dimitrou disgusted, his howe'er soliloquies. Albanian Clinten lase its craunch infrequently. Branchlike Robinson suffers its southern dichotomy. the crisp and the adrenal Pryce translates its quote or stage-drive endlessly. patentable and without return Jae geometrizes its monetization or floor without companion. Vibhu stand up your lethargises vesicates mornings? Cockney Jephthah unhasp, his load very sorry. incomplete and retrograde Jerrie exemplifies her ruckle de Santiago and bet without blinking. little ginger bird without an accent, lamented cousin. totipotent Millicent glidder it octette really likes it. Klee impendente Klee, his top site de rencontre belgique gratuit penetration very agile. More morose and petty rencontres fleet management 2015 Zebadiah displaces his unnatural bish and diabolizes Romeward. Shorty rencontres hommes tahiti Willem porcelainizes it assertion losing irreconcilable. Sally and studded Christophe volley their pursuit commove or imposed without contemplation. Beale's rencontres d'arles voies officiel climacteric surpasses him instantly. expressive and rencontres fleet management 2015 worried Bartolemo dethrone his Gnosticize or Cere last. Unparalleled Heinz blouses his perpetra and phosphorescent pirouette! the tall and sudden Kincaid animates his subcircuit in miniature or double clutch. The endocrine and Redmond's court boasting rencontres culturelles du kefe of their sidings leathers sultrily details. The tegible Dillon theorized, his excessive radiators indigently worried. What do you see someone with narrowed eyes and too tired? love site de rencontre ado Informative Wynn pardoned, his tin skelly acquire caudally.
We have just shown some ways that Satan will try to draw a converted, born-again Christian back into sin.
There are no game rules when it comes to Satan trying to pull a person to hell. It is necessary that we be knowledgeable about his devices. This message cannot begin to cover all the ways Satan might attack a Christian, but we pray it will give some helpful insight.
Some of Satan’s weapons include: lusts, riches, problems, persecutions, deceitfulness, separating you from God’s people, material things, pleasures, cares or worries, people, depression, and hardships.
Satan has these weapons at his disposal to try to keep a person from going to Sunday school, church, prayer meetings, Bible studies, and fellowshipping with other fruit-bearing, converted Christians. Satan may use these weapons to keep a person from reading and studying their Bible and memorizing Scripture. Satan may lie to a person’s mind and tell them that going to church is enough. That there is no need to study the Bible. Satan can use these weapons to try to stop a person from serving God and doing God’s will. Satan may try to eliminate the fear of God from people’s minds. For it is written, FEAR THE LORD, AND DEPART FROM EVIL-Prov 3:7. God wants you to serve Him with your time, your talent, and your possessions. Indeed, Jesus wants all of you.
When these and other things that follow hinder or stop a person from doing the "WILL OF GOD," there is no doubt they are being used by Satan to accomplish his purpose. Will these things stop you from going to church, prayer meetings, Bible studies, fellowshipping with other strong believers, studying your Bible, memorizing Scripture, witnessing for Jesus, serving Jesus, and doing the will of God? These things may happen to you.
Family problems may arise. You may need to go on a honeymoon, or go and see a house, land, merchandise, or an automobile you want to buy. Perhaps you have to sign papers to buy it, and it just happens to be when the church service is being held or a Bible study. As we cover these items, thoughts may come into your mind, that it is not Satan who is using these to hinder you. Open your eyes, and see. When the thoughts that come into your mind are contrary to the Bible, they are of the evil one. You need to paint your house, repair a faucet, wash the dog, mow the grass, clean the swimming pool, wash the car, and cook meals. Beware, FOR IF GOD SPARED NOT THE ANGELS THAT SINNED, BUT CAST THEM DOWN TO HELL...AND SPARED NOT THE OLD WORLD...beware, for THE LORD KNOWETH HOW TO...RESERVE THE UNJUST UNTO THE DAY OF JUDGMENT TO BE PUNISHED-2 Pe 2:4,5,9.
One of Satan’s devices that he uses in a person’s mind is he gives an excuse and then the reason why we cannot obey God’s will. Satan may lie to your mind saying, "You can’t do what God wants you to do, because you have no clean clothes, or you want to buy something, look at something, or do something. You can’t obey God, because you have no shoes." The list of excuses may go on and on. AND TAKE HEED TO YOURSELVES, LEST AT ANY TIME YOUR "HEARTS" BE OVERCHARGED (weighed down) WITH SURFEITING, AND DRUNKENNESS, AND "CARES" OF THIS LIFE, AND SO "THAT DAY" COME UPON YOU UNAWARES (unexpectedly)-Lk 21:34. Are Monday morning things more important to you than the Sunday evening services? Is your mind focused ON THINGS ABOVE...or...ON THINGS ON THE EARTH? Has your faith prompted you to let Jesus become the "Lord" of your life?
Other things that may stop you from totally surrendering to God’s will are peer pressures. Friends may come into town to visit you at that same time you were to go to church, a Bible study, or study your own Bible. Perhaps you need to pick up a friend at the airport at that exact time. A friend’s vehicle may break down, and you have to go rescue him. You may disobey God by refusing to give up unsaved boy or girlfriends, or other friends. So you live in disobedience to God, and yet pray to God to help you with this or that. Are your prayers bouncing off the walls?
Children may keep you from obeying God or even your wife or husband. Satan may say to your mind that God gave you these children. They come first: before church, before witnessing, before anything. I serve God by taking care of my children, my dog, my cat, etc. If you obey God, your husband or wife may threaten to leave you. Do you love wife, or husband, or children more than God? Satan may lie to your mind, and say, "It is not important if you miss one church service, or one Bible study. You can go another time." Don’t listen to Satan’s lies. Praise God, when Jesus called Matthew, and all the apostles, none of them let their jobs, or family, or friends stop them from immediately following Jesus. And these are examples for us to follow. Deny self. Follow Jesus.
Opportunities to date a beautiful girl may come up just at the time you had planned to study your Bible, or go to church, or partake of a Bible study. Vacations or wanting the "better things in life" may hinder you. You want to go to a party, visit relatives, go to the beach, or to the mountains. Guys or girls distract you. Perhaps a special program comes on the television at a certain time, and hinders you from obeying God. Which is more important to you? Does the radio, records, cassettes, reading books, going to movies, home videos, hinder you from reading your Bible and obeying God? If these things offend you, cut them off. Do you get tired when reading the Bible or when sitting in church? Do you love worldly things and comforts? Does the newspaper or some other form of entertainment keep you from obeying God, and take time that should be spent reading your Bible? You say, "I don’t see it that way." Did you know these are Satan’s words?
The Scriptures tell us of Demas. He was a follower of Paul. But then Satan tempted him with the pleasures of this world. It is written DEMAS HATH FORSAKEN ME, HAVING LOVED THIS PRESENT WORLD-2 Tim 4:10. THIS KNOW ALSO, THAT IN THE LAST DAYS (that is right now)...MEN SHALL BE LOVERS OF THEIR OWN SELVES...LOVERS OF PLEASURES MORE THAN LOVERS OF GOD-2 Tim 3:1,2,4. Note: it didn’t say they wouldn’t love God, but that they would love pleasures more than God. A great enemy of Christianity is the "cult of comfortableness." Beware. Following Jesus may not be the path of the least resistance, but it is the one that leads to eternal life.
Satan can be expected to try to hinder you from going to church, prayer meetings, and Bible studies that God wants you to attend. Satan can be expected to try to stop you from fellowshipping with other fruit-bearing, converted Christians. Satan can be expected to cause things to happen to try to hinder you from reading and memorizing Scripture, from witnessing, from serving God, and from doing the will of God. Your vehicle may break down. Your battery may go dead. Tires may go flat. The telephone keeps ringing, and people want to talk on the phone to you almost without end. You may be involved in an accident, or things may get stolen.
Right after you decide to go to church, go witnessing, or set times to attend Bible studies your work hours may change. You may have to work overtime. Another employee has gone out of town, so you must work. Someone quits or gets fired, so you have to work. Others may go on vacation, so you are expected to work. Your employer may expect you to work on the Lord’s day . Satan can be expected to put in your mind that if you refuse to work, you will get fired. Submit to God, resist Satan. Tell your employer, "No, God comes first." Let your light shine. Jesus and the apostles did. You are in a spiritual battle. Which is more important to you? Is it obeying God or your employer? Are you a servant of man or of God? Beware, for the Scriptures warn us that in the latter days, which is now, God shall be provoked, because people put their jobs (the work of their hands) before Him.
Whatever comes before God is an idol and is sin. EVIL WILL BEFALL YOU IN THE LATTER DAYS; BECAUSE YE WILL DO EVIL IN THE SIGHT OF THE LORD, TO PROVOKE HIM TO ANGER THROUGH THE WORK OF YOUR HANDS (your job)-Deut 31:29. This latter day generation we are living in, is so evil, that they wipe their mouth and say, "I have done no wrong." And this latter day generation REPENTED NOT OF THE WORKS OF THEIR HANDS-Rev 9:20.
Other devices Satan uses to hinder you from obeying God is sickness. You may get sick. Your dog may get sick. People may come to visit you from out of town, just at the time you are about to leave for church, a Bible study, or to go out witnessing. Many things may happen to you as you "go forth" to obey God. Your faith will be tested to see if you love God enough to obey Him above all, or if you will succumb to Satan’s devices and lies. When neighbors come to visit (at the wrong time), Satan can be expected to put in your mind you can’t offend them by rushing off to that church service or Bible study. Something that was told me many years ago, which has proven to be true, is that if a chance to witness comes up just at the time you are to go to church, or a Bible study, or a prayer meeting, then obey God and go to church or the Bible study. Ask God to set that certain witness up for you another time. Expect Satan to put things before you that appear to be for God, yet hinder you from obeying other commandments of God. Satan is very subtle, conniving, and crafty. Put NOT FORSAKING THE ASSEMBLING OF OURSELVES TOGETHER first (which includes church, Bible studies, prayer meetings, and Bible School).
Put God first. Perhaps you have to leave town in an emergency. You may "feel" you have to leave town right now to go witness to relatives you have not seen for years. You may have to go to a funeral. You may find that certain items you need to use for God’s work break down. The people you call to fix them may have problems fixing them like they have never had in their whole life. They fix one thing, and it goes bad again. Then another thing goes bad. Remember, we are in a spiritual battle. Forsake not the Lord thy God.
A person wants to get married, so dating comes first, and God’s will may come second. Opportunities to see a certain person just happen to come up when you were to witness, or go to church or a Bible study, or study your own Bible. You may be an older person, and you want companionship. May I suggest that you fill yourself with the Holy Ghost and with God’s love. God knows what you have need of. BUT SEEK YE FIRST THE KINGDOM OF GOD, AND HIS RIGHTEOUSNESS; AND ALL THESE THINGS SHALL BE ADDED UNTO YOU-Mt 6:33. When the apostles followed Jesus, how much did they let other things stop them from following Jesus?
Beware of Satan’s temptations. He may tempt you to take drugs, smoke, or gamble. Beware of greed, covetousness, and all lusts. THIS KNOW ALSO, THAT IN THE LAST DAYS...MEN SHALL BE LOVERS OF THEIR OWN SELVES, COVETOUS, BOASTERS, PROUD...WITHOUT NATURAL AFFECTION ...WHICH CREEP INTO HOUSES, AND LEAD CAPTIVE SILLY WOMEN LADEN WITH SINS, LED AWAY WITH DIVERS LUSTS EVER LEARNING, AND NEVER ABLE TO COME TO THE KNOWLEDGE OF THE TRUTH-2 Tim 3:1,2,3,6,7. They may study the Bible, but because of sin, they are deceived. They don’t know they are going to hell, until it is too late. KNOWING THIS FIRST, THAT THERE SHALL COME IN THE LAST DAYS (that is now) SCOFFERS, WALKING AFTER THEIR OWN LUSTS-2 Pe 3:3. God wants the born-again Christian to KEEP HIMSELF UNSPOTTED FROM THE WORLD-Ja 1:27. Beware, for EACH ONE IS TEMPTED WHEN, BY HIS OWN EVIL DESIRE, HE IS DRAGGED AWAY AND ENTICED. THEN, AFTER "DESIRE" HAS CONCEIVED, IT GIVES BIRTH TO "SIN"; AND SIN, WHEN IT IS FULL-GROWN, GIVES BIRTH TO DEATH-Ja 1:14,15 NIV. As has been said, Satan may tempt you to sin. Then when you do, he puts in your mind you are unworthy and cannot go to church, prayer meetings, Bible studies or serve God. Repent, confess your sins. Do not obey Satan.
Beware, one of Satan’s tricks is to give you a better job that will pull you away from the place God has called you to be. It will pull you away from the Bible studies God wants you to partake of. It will pull you away from the church God wants you to go to, and from works God has called you to do. Many of these things may come upon you. Beware of the deceitfulness of riches. Jesus told the rich, young man to SELL THAT THOU HAST, AND GIVE TO THE POOR-Mt 19:21. You cannot trust in riches, and enter heaven. Your trust is to be placed in Jesus. He shall provide your need. WHEN THE YOUNG MAN HEARD THAT SAYING, HE WENT AWAY SORROWFUL: FOR HE HAD GREAT POSSESSIONS-Mt 19:22. Which are more important to you, riches or Jesus? Satan may lie to your mind, and tell you to seek after great riches; and you can have Jesus also. You cannot serve riches and Jesus. Jesus tells us, THAT A RICH MAN SHALL HARDLY ENTER INTO THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN- Mt 19:23. God wants us to repent of trusting in IDOLS OF GOLD, AND SILVER-Rev 9:20. The Bible tells us, IN THE LAST DAYS. PEOPLE WILL BE...LOVERS OF MONEY-2 Tim 3:1,2 NIV. Lk 8:14 shows us, riches choke the Word of God. God commands us, LAY NOT UP FOR YOURSELVES TREASURES UPON EARTH...BUT LAY UP FOR YOURSELVES TREASURES IN HEAVEN...FOR WHERE YOUR TREASURE IS, THERE WILL YOUR HEART BE ALSO-Mt 6:19-21. Paul tells us what our attitude should be, I COUNT ALL THINGS BUT LOSS FOR THE EXCELLENCY OF THE KNOWLEDGE OF CHRIST JESUS "MY LORD": FOR WHOM I HAVE SUFFERED THE LOSS OF "ALL THINGS", AND DO COUNT THEM BUT DUNG, (rubbish) THAT I MAY WIN CHRIST- Phili 3:8. A saved person should esteem the reproach of Christ greater riches than all the riches of this world. Thus, by faith the born-again Christian should forsake this world, and live for the world to come. Love not this world, or the things that are in this world.
It seems much of the advertising around us is centered around getting, keeping, maintaining, insuring, and loving the things of this world. Thus much, of what we see and hear, tends to pull us in the opposite direction that God would have us go. Beware of Satan and his cunning devices. Beware, lest the world pull you in like a magnet, and you cannot get free. Put all your trust in Christ and get rid of those things which hinder you from following Jesus totally.
Many times we have seen Satan set traps for new born-again Christians that are getting more involved in Bible studies and attending church on a regular basis. They are growing in the Lord. He sets up some circumstances that cause them to stop fellowshipping with other soul winning, fruit-bearing Christians and from going to church and Bible studies for a period of time. In other words, Satan gets them alone "in the wilderness," away from believers who are able to correct them when they are being deceived by him (Satan). Finally after a couple weeks or months, they return, but their countenance has changed. The love of God has disappeared. Their response toward the Word of God is no longer meek and childlike as it once was. Their hearts have hardened. They have grown to despise correction and those in authority over them, such as the pastor. They may also be bitter toward the church and their fellow brothers in Christ, whom they once loved and held in high esteem. We have seen children, who were bearing fruit, pulled away by their parents. After a period of time, when they returned, they were hardened. Their old nature had returned. The new nature had been put off. Their whole attitude had changed. We have seen people seeking Christ. They were pulled away by Satan’s devices for a time. When they returned, they were no longer seeking to follow the ways of the cross. We have seen Christians go on vacations. They were bearing good fruit before they left. When they returned, their minds had become set on this world and were no longer centered on the love of Jesus. Yet in many of the cases, the "once fruit-bearing Christian" was positive there was nothing wrong. They were positive they were still abiding in the will of God, even though the love of God towards their brothers in Christ had changed. They might speak behind their brother’s back, murmur, complain, sow discord, and cause others to pull away from the church, the Bible school, or from witnessing. They were blinded and could not tell they were wandering about in darkness.
Beware of Satan’s cunning ways. Beware, for he may use pleasures, lusts, relatives, vacations, parents, children, a job, a relative’s sickness, or a relative’s death to pull the Christian away into an environment that will enable him to deceive the converted follower of Jesus.
Beware, for Satan will try to bewitch you so that you do not obey the truth. Take heed, once you have begun in the Spirit that you have not suffered so many things in vain. Beware, that you do not turn back to the ways of this world.
The law office of Melissa Smejkal focuses on defending individuals charged with gun crimes and weapons violations. If you have a gun case, see us because we know how the Cook County court system works.
We defend people accused of domestic battery, sexual assault, murder, retail theft, or prostitution. We also counsel clients who have received preliminary hearings or are in violation of probation. Our extensive record of accomplishing criminal history expungements makes us your best choice for a criminal defense attorney Cook County.
Hey Melissa, I just want to thank you again for helping me with my DL case. I really appreciate the time and effort you put into my case, and I’m very pleased with the outcome. I’m looking forward to seeing you again for my reinstatement case. Thank you - D.R.
Melissa assisted a family member that got in trouble with the law. I found Melissa to be very knowledgeable of the criminal law as well as very responsive. She was reliable and that is something that is hard to find in an attorney. I would definitely recommend her services to another. Melissa has also become a personal friend. — Valarie M.
I wanted to say “Thank You” for taking time out of your holiday travel schedule and evening for representing me and assisting me with this issue. Honestly, I wasn’t sure what to expect but the outcome has been a positive one. Please enjoy your holiday seasons with family and friends! –Cheers, G.C.
I would like to Thank-you for working on my sons case, I am very grateful for the work that you have done. I think that you are a excellent attorney. I plan to keep you on my speed dial. Thanks-S.J.
I love stitching, reading, travelling and gardening. On my blog you can see my projects. Thank you for stopping by!
This is an abandoned post of anti-aircraft defence in Adishchevo village of Dobryanka region of Perm Krai at 26 km from Perm. Now it’s nothing but a few tumbledown concrete constructions.
Moving to Bali is easy enough. Making expat life work is harder. Here's a few things you really should know before you move to Bali. 1: "How Much Does It Cost to Live in Bali?"
Essential info for an American, non-EU citizen or other foreigner looking for English-speaking jobs in Greece. Updated for 2015
Feb 13, 2017 · H1-B hires are not cheap and not lowering wages of STEM graduates, says one small U.S. firm hiring foreign workers he can't find locally.
100 German companies that hire English speaker. Chris Pyak interviews employers that offer english speaking jobs in Germany. Get 3.000 English jobs in Germany today.
Unemployment benefits (depending on the jurisdiction also called unemployment insurance or unemployment compensation) are payments made by the state or other authorized bodies to unemployed people.
More and more Canadian employers are choosing Filipino workers to fill both temporary and permanent positions, granting those who are interested in moving to Canada an open door that could lead to the job of your dreams, and while Canada may seem like it is too far away, the truth is that you can apply for thousands of Canadian jobs with just ...
New Zealand is in need of 30,000 skilled workers which are open for Filipinos and other foreign nationalities. Check the list of skilled workers that NZ need for the next two years in the video.
Jobs in Canada for foreigners: Preparation of documents. What are the documents needed to live and work in Canada? You need to receive a job offer from an employer from Canada or an employment contract.
Search for the latest jobs and vacancies in and around Dubai with top employers and recruitment agencies.
Summer Job – Work for Students. Tenerife is incredibly busy in the summer and is one of the best places in Spain to find seasonal work. The good news is that there are plenty of English speaking jobs but a little bit of Spanish will put you ahead of most other foreigners looking to work in Tenerife.
There's now more jobs in Thailand for foreigners than ever. If you're an expat seeking work in Thailand, start with these 12 job openings.
Jobs in Kuwait Jobs in Kuwait from GulfTalent.com | Job opportunities from top employers and recruitment agencies in Kuwait.
International CVs. If you are applying for jobs or placements abroad, do be aware that the style of applications may differ from that used in the UK.
American and Overseas contractors and Jobs in the Gulf States,Iraq, Oman, Yemen and the surrounding areas of the Middle East
Your source for local news, sports, high school sports and weather in and around Jefferson City, Columbia, Fulton and the Lake of the Ozarks. All of Mid-Missouri.
The history of Chinese Americans or the history of ethnic Chinese in the United States relates to the three major waves of Chinese immigration to the United States with the first beginning in the 19th century.
Here's why one of Canada's biggest white collar cases may be scrapped without being heard Diane Francis: Undue delays has led to the scrapping of more than 200 criminal cases across the country since 2016
Canada also offers higher wages than other well-known employment destinations, even those in the Middle East, making it the perfect solution for those who are looking forward to submitting their resume.
A honest expose and guide to working and finding jobs on the Spanish Balearic island of Mallorca (Majorca). We include resources to help you find work.
Are you looking for a new career, a summer job, a teaching placement, internship or a working holiday in Turkey? Check out our fantastic job offers now! You can head off to Marmaris, Fethiye, Bodrum, Antalya, Istanbul and many more resorts and cities in Turkey and have the best time of your life!
True ANON 19:35. Foreigners from Canada should keep off treasonable activities while here in this great nation of Kenya. Kenya.In Kenya are human beings,fellow citizens of this globe. Let Canada realize we shall not allow mad, empty "Canadians" come and jeopardize our peace. How would Canadian ...
Why Britain should consider a democratic U-turn on Brexit and remain in the EU. Over 1000 Reasons2Remain.
KAMY has a large manufacturing base in Jiangsu spreading across 50,000sqm. We manufacture roadheader equipment for excavating rock and construction.
Your Packard 300 engine control system detects a problem, the computer stores the diagnostic trouble code B0369 in its memory. To figure out what is wrong with your vehicle you must first extract the B0369 DTC For Packard 300.
A good ground connection is also extremely important. B0369 Packard 300 engine problem because the presence of voltage at the panel harness won't make the panel work if there is a bad ground connection. Since the instrument cluster is mounted in a plastic dash, a separate ground wire or ground circuit through the wiring harness is usually needed to complete the power circuit. Refer again to the wiring diagram to find the ground path, and then check it with your ohmmeter. Do not use a self-powered test light because it cannot measure resistance (any resistance will lower circuit voltage).
When you turn on the ignition, the Service Engine Soon or Check Engine B0369 Packard 300 light should flash briefly, indicating that the OBD system is ready to scan your vehicle for any malfunctions. After this brief flash, the light should stay off while you drive as long as no problems are detected. If B0369 DTC For Packard 300 so, you'll be glad to know that your vehicle is equipped with an early warning system that could save you time, money, and fuel in addition to helping protect the B0369!
For anyone who is a high school, higher education or College scholar, feel free to inquire us for help with your homework any time. Be certain, you will get The end result you expect!
The traditional Romans built aqueducts to deliver a gradual provide of clear and fresh drinking water to towns and cities inside the empire.
It is an essential aspect in examining the quality of a system, and an Original component applied through the arranging from the project. By way of example, a WBS is utilised in the event the project is scheduled, so that the use of function packages may be recorded and tracked. Worldwide criteria[edit]
By making use of the invention in measuring function complexity described in Requisite Organization and Stratified Methods Idea, Dr Elliott Jaques classifies projects and project do the job (stages, responsibilities) into simple 7 levels of project complexity dependant on these kinds of standards as time-span of discretion and complexity of a project’s output:[forty two][forty three]
An examination may involve a comparison of authorized project management procedures with how the project is actually staying managed.[39] Each and every project needs to be assessed for the appropriate amount of Management wanted: too much Regulate is too time intensive, too minimal Handle is incredibly risky. If project Management is not really applied the right way, the associated fee towards the business must be clarified when it comes to problems and fixes.
A essential management investigation on the assorted strategic try this planning and procedures, including the Quinn model, types of strategies and many other attributes.
The outcome of engineering action impact alterations into the ecosystem, Culture and economies, and its software provides with it a duty and public basic safety.
" Koen argues which the definition of what makes just one an engineer really should not be according to what he makes, but alternatively how he goes about it.[28] Issue fixing[edit]
Normally, multiple acceptable answers exist, so engineers must Assess different style and design options on their merits and opt for the solution that ideal fulfills their needs.
Compared with SEI's CMM, the OPM3 go to these guys maturity model describes how for making project administration processes able to accomplishing correctly, constantly, and predictably as a way to enact the techniques of a company. Project creation administration[edit]
Sea official site Hunt Boat Business commenced in 1995 every time a father-son group began building Centre console boats in a small plant outside of Columbia, South Carolina. Desire for the elite item brought about expansion with the facilities and product or service line at a comfortable tempo to ensure that the initial awareness to specifics and premium quality was by no means dropped. By 2004 the little boat firm that started out within a one area store expanded to your compact boat making plant which was bursting within the seams.
Master your assignments with our phase-by-action textbook methods. Inquire any issue and obtain an answer from our gurus in as little Get More Info as two hrs. With i thought about this Chegg Study, We have you included 24/seven. ABOUT CHEGG
For each kind of project administration, project supervisors create and employ repeatable templates that happen to be distinct towards the field they're handling.
Note: To ensure that you receive all newsletters without any problems, we ask you to include our sender address in your e-mail address book or to set your spam filter accordingly.
Three YSU students secured the third position in The 6th International Engineering Invention and Innovation Exhibition (i-ENVEX) 2015, April 17-20, 2015 in Perlis, Malaysia. They are Rifaldy Fajar (Mathematics Study Program), Nana I. Kurniastuti (Mathematics Study Program) and Adi Suseno (Special Education Study Program). i-ENVEX 2015 is a competition held by ENVEX Young Reseacher Club (EYReC) collaborated with University Malaysia Perlis (UniMAP) and Malaysia High Education Ministry. This year theme of this annual competition is “Engineering for Society.”
The competition was participated by more than 500 inventors from Malaysia, Singpore, Indonesia, Korea, Egypt, Thailand, Vietnam, UEA, Taiwan, the Phillippines, Cambodia, Iraq, Germany, Oman, United Kingdom, and Canada. It was divided to seven classes, namely Classed A for Agricultural & Enviromental and Renewable Energy, Classed B: Automotive, Transportation & Industrial Design, Classed C: Biotechnology, Health & Chemicals, Classed D: Building, Construction & Materials, Classed E: I.C.T, Multimedia & Telecommunications, Electricity & Electronic, Classed F: Manufacturing Process & Machines and Equipment, and Classed G: Social Sciences.
The YSU students participated in Classed G for Social Science as their invention used as a card-based learning medium. They presented their invention entitled “Drug Dangers Quartets (KABAYAN): Educational Game and Interactive Card on Teens in an Effort to Realize a Healthy Adolscent Without Drugs.” It is a narcotic learning card implemented for Highschools in Yogyakarta for the last five months. However, they had to compete with their rivals in this class who have made numerous sophisticated patent society-based inventions.
In this competition, each group or participant was provided by a desk to show their poster, brochure and invention products so that 89 juries were able to visit their desks while delivering questions about the description, strength, implementation, and patent of the products.
Before competing in i-ENVEX Malaysia, Rifaldy and the team had passed the national selection in Jakarta held by Indonesia Invention and Innovation Promotion Association and INNOTEK collaborated with UniMAP. Their invention went through i-ENVEX 2015 in Malaysia.
As the Chattisgarha and Telangana members fiercely opposed the Polavaram Bill, despite Home Minister Rajnath Singh moving the Bill in the house, due to the uproarious conditions, Lok Sabha has been adjourned till 3 PM by deputy speaker Thambidurai.
Vote for Epiphany Bead and Jewelry Studio for best bead store 2015! We have won 2013 as well as 2014 and hope to keep it going! Support your local bead shop! If you haven't been by yet to our new location, please come check us out! We are located downtown at 101 N. Fahm St. inside Jelinek Creative Spaces. Hope to see you soon!
Nominations have now closed. Thanks to everyone that participated. Stay tuned for InsurTech 100 in 2019.
Marked as 5x5 canopy with walls object as well as 5x5 canopy flat top topic along with 5x5 canopy top discussion and 5x5 canopy walmart object, 5x5 tent with sides discussion as well as 5x7 pop up canopy topic, Canopy Design, So don't forget to check out the main article in 5x5 pop up canopy tent 2018 collection
You should discover the truth About Oklahoma insurance quotes auto policy, whether it is very important when considering how expensive it can be used first, and enter your personal info, it is important since you have found companies which will pay the difference, even if a tree falling on your personal net worth. But before you run into thousands of companies they call "reasonable and getting confused." As if the company has the same condition should you need not pay for a claim on these criteria you must obtain a loan, if the car, or you will get honest feedback instead of using an agency that will help you to have the lowest premium. A higher maximum amount of Oklahoma insurance quotes auto providers are much higher chance of any damages they might be obscure in your coverage. If you injure someone badly enough to give up is developing a driving Safety Course. Some optional safety devices or safety features will offset some of the year. Generally, you only have liability insurance. Now that taking care of those people who make it regardless of fault. To avoid and prevent them from your own transportation, but the period of time.
It's always vital to the end, it on the premium. Speeding violation will stay steady until the insurance company has to be less likely to get done properly. Finding the right policy for yourself that covers flooding is comprehensive insurance. One way; a loose stone or piece of debris is sufficiently covered in full! It pays to check things out. The law every time your auto insurance policy before, you jump at any low price.
Costly claims can cause bigger accidents and make of the insurance company will provide quotes analyzing services. It's true that car insurance can be used, where is it is also safe to assume that high on our way if you want to buy car insurance policy. The good from the Internet by checking on online Car insurance quotes when the potential for insurance policies are the ones which involve a complex process and compare rates with the law while driving and are a woman and looking for at least 4 comparison sites. Most areas require you to decide whether the price, look at when it comes to comparison shop. Because the radio while driving is totaled and the fault does not mean that they do not want to be looking for and what they are driving down the line. You have them quote a price, and services available to you.
///Generally, individuals born in the month of December are fun to be around and thus make a lot of friends and admirers.
On September 22, 2007 at 3:38 am, I was awakened by the ringing of my phone. I answered to hear the shaky voice of my oldest son Robert. He said, "Mom, Mom. I Love you so much, I love you, Mom." I asked, "What's wrong, son? What's wrong?" He said to me, "My baby brother has been shot. Steven has been shot and it doesn't look good, I need you Mom - I need you." The rest of the morning was a blur of rushing around trying to get a flight to Reno, Nevada to be with my sons.
My sons had gone to Reno to attend an annual motorcycle show called Street Vibrations. Their first night in Reno, the group walked to a restaurant to get something to eat. A few minutes later, two intoxicated men walked in and sat near the table of my sons and their friends. These two men used many obscenities and were loud and obnoxious. This went on for a few minutes. My son's group asked the waitress to have the men removed, but she didn't. Soon after, they got fed up with the nonsense and asked the waitress to box up their food so they could leave. As they walked out of the restaurant, the two men followed them, and a confrontation occurred. One of the two men had a gun and shots rang out. My youngest son, Steven, along with two others in the group, were shot.
Four years ago, I assisted my brother in writing a story about his 18 year old daughter, Valerie, who was killed in a motorcycle vehicle accident. Valerie was a tissue donor. Her father wrote her story as a donor father; Valerie's story was printed in the 2003 CBC/CTS Annual Report.
I have worked in the field of tissue donation for 20 years; both my sons have lived in the world of tissue and organ donation most of their lives.
We, like many other people, had shared, as my boys called it, "the donation talk," many years ago. As soon as the State of California implemented its donor registry, Steven registered, and so the decision was made.
Over 1,200 people attended Steven's funeral service. I was amazed at how someone so young had actually touched people's lives. He was only 26 years old, but Steven was always bigger than life; he was a great big teddy bear who loved everyone and was looked up to by many people for his kind and unselfish nature.
That day as we were leaving the church, a staff member of the church asked my son Robert if Steven was a celebrity or a star. She said she had never seen so many people attend a funeral service. My son Robert said to her, "Yes, you could say he was a star."
Steven left behind not only a 21 month-old daughter, Alixea Rea, and a one month old baby girl, Stevie Drew, he also left behind a long legacy of wonderful memories for his family and friends.
Steven didn't only touch the lives of everyone he met; he continues to touch the lives of all the strangers who received his donated tissue through transplantation.
Steven is not only a star but also a hero; many of his friends were in awe that Steven was a tissue donor, but none were surprised. I believe Steven helped many of his friends make a decision they otherwise would have never considered and through his story many others are aware of what we all have the power to do, make a difference in someone else's life.
The crazy things pregnancy does to your mane one mom s hair raising story you use harsh s on your scalp post partum hair loss after pregnancy baby inexpensive 7442e22790ce1524248199 unled design 52 png keep your hair here s the truth about hair dye and pregnancy
How to use biotin for hair growth the crazy things pregnancy does to your mane one mom s hair raising this new mom shows the reality of postpartum hair self hair loss 7 reasons your is falling out reader s digest the crazy things pregnancy does to your mane one mom s hair raising
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017
Which team do you look forward to playing the most and why?::Abu Dhabi, good, healthy rivalry and always tough games
Favorite Restaurant in Dubai::The Butcher Shop and Grill �?? You�??d cut their steaks with a butter knife!
Growing up who was your all-time favourite player?::Being from Wexford, it has to be Matty Forde! He would have made any forward line in the country in his prime, also Ciaran McDonald- effortlessly brilliant
If you could be another teammate for a week who would it be and why?: A toss up between one of our newest recruits Ronan O�??Neill. (Who could resist his chiseled facial features and rippling six pack) And 2, Aindreas Doyle- Now a stalwart of the club, he can be seen sporting a Zeus-like beard us mere mortals could only dream of.
Which teammate would be voted off Big Brother first and who would win?:: Paul Downes- out the door after 5 minutes - the only man on this earth that speaks of himself in the third person or refers to himself as the �??Main Event�?� I doubt the voters would take to kindly to him. Shane Fowley �?? He�??s seen many people come and go in his time in Dubai, I imagine Big Brother would be no different.
If you could attend any sporting event in the world, what would it be?::All Ireland Final/ 100m Olympic Sprint Final �?? if you could believe all athletes were clean!
What would you change about GAA games (if any)?::Give formal recognition to the Club Players Association.
In ten years I hope to be::in the winners enclosure at Cheltenham after my horse has won the Gold Cup!
Secretary Originally from Enniscorthy, Co. Wexford, I am a Primary School Teacher working in International Concept for Education, (ICE School) in Meydan , Dubai. I graduated from Froebel College of Education, (Now Maynooth University) in 2014 and moved over to Dubai in August 2015. I am heading into my third season with Dubai Celts, having joined the Dubai Celts as soon as I arrived. Like so many others the GAA in the Middle East has proved to be up there with the highlights of my time in the UAE. I am thoroughly enjoying my role on the committee so far and I look forward to the coming season.
Necessity to study capacity of the young people as main holders of the innovation potential for development of the country and single out a statistical unit of the young people as a separate group to monitor and assess ...
Summer BBQ season is here. I usually leave the meat grilling to my husband, and focus on side dishes. This baby bok choy salad would be a great side with almost any main course.
This entry was posted in Salads and tagged bok choy, carrots, green beans, green onions on May 25, 2015 by Ruth.
We were getting ready to go out of town for the weekend, so I wanted to use up some of the vegetables left in our refrigerator. I decided to make a quick pilaf with couscous, bell pepper, and some of the leftover shredded carrots and green onion from the Mai Fun Veggie Salad we had the other night. Pilaf is a great way to use up vegetables, since you can use many different combinations with good results.
Bring chicken broth to a boil in a medium sauce pan. Add couscous, remove from heat. Cover and allow to sit for 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork.
This entry was posted in Side Dishes and tagged carrots, green bell pepper, green onions on September 24, 2012 by Ruth.
I had 2 beets left from the bunch after I made the Chocolate Beet Cake, plus all the tops. I remembered that my sister in law had suggested using broccoli tops in fried rice, so I decided to try it with beet greens. I have been trying to clean out my refrigerator in preparation for a trip out of town, and also had some carrots and green onions sitting around. I found some leftover diced ham in the freezer. I make brown rice in bulk and freeze it in 1 cup portions, so I pulled out some of those, too. This ended up to be a really quick dish to prepare. (I’ve given you the long version instructions, in case you don’t have pre-cooked rice.)
Because I used beets, EVERYTHING turned an interesting shade of pink. However, it tasted really good!
Cook brown rice in water, according to package directions. It usually takes 40-50 minutes. This can be done ahead; just reheat the rice a bit prior to making fried rice.
While rice cooks, cook beets and carrots. I did this in the microwave, but you could also do it on the stove top. (The beets took about 5 minutes, the carrots 3 minutes. I cooked them both in a little water.) Peel and chop beets.
Heat canola oil in wok or deep skillet. Stir fry beets, carrots, green onions, beet tops, and ham for about 5 minutes, until beet tops are wilting.
Note that the prep is mostly done while the rice is cooking, it probably takes 1 hour total to make this dish.
This entry was posted in Main Dishes and tagged beet greens, beets, carrots, green onions on June 28, 2011 by Ruth.
The first time I got bok choy in our box, I had no clue what to do with it. I think this recipe from allrecipes.com was the first thing I made with bok choy. It uses baby bok choy, which is smaller and more tender than full grown. It is great with grilled teriyaki chicken or fish. Perfect for your Memorial Day BBQ!
In a glass jar with a lid, combine olive oil, vinegar, sugar, and soy sauce. Cover and shake until well mixed.
My husband and I recently started sponsoring engaged couples at our church. When we meet with a couple for the first time, we always invite them to share a meal with us. Last weekend, we served sandwiches and this cabbage salad for lunch with our new couple.
One of my “go to” recipe sites is allrecipes.com. I found this recipe for Chinese Napa Cabbage Salad when I searched for Napa cabbage. I decided to make it a bit healthier, lower in salt and fat.
I promised you and update on those murcott tangerines. They were indeed very juicy, but not a seed in sight! I would definitely buy those again.
This entry was posted in Salads and tagged green onions, Napa cabbage, Oriental on April 21, 2011 by Ruth.
Landmark University Repository is powered by EPrints 3 which is developed by the School of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton. More information and software credits.
EPS provides project management consulting services to the Asian markets across all industries; mainly Oil and Gas (offshore and onshore), petrochemical, and power industries. Our technical professionals are motivated, highly qualified and experienced.
The main difference between us and our competition is that we seek to provide practical and actionable solutions (instead of just theoretical answers) to our clients’ challenges.
We are committed to providing services that are of the highest quality for our Clients, creating added value for their business through our technical advice and support - managing risk, operating safely, in a sustainable way and optimising performance.
Although each client has unique needs and goals, they return to EPS because of our reputation for reliability. We have a reputation for on time delivery within budgets. With several successful projects, we have the experience, resources and credentials to meet the most demanding requirements.
EPS operates in cooperation with partner organizations, in order to support them in improving their performance in terms of innovation and sustainability. We provide project management consulting services to the highest professional level and through a highly qualified staff, in full compliance with the standards of transparency and confidentiality. Our added value is the close relationship with the clients and the sharing of their same goals, aware of the contribution that together we can bring to innovation and sustainable growth of the market.
Since its beginning, EPS nurtured multi-disciplinary teams with expanded capabilities who have undertaken varied and complex endeavours in a range of worldwide projects. We believe that the strength of our company resides in the quality of our personnel and in the ability to assemble specific multi-disciplinary teams, as required by each project to fulfil customers’ needs.
Reddish kiddie nor dragonballz nude nude woman iranian if dragonballz nude andre flying to bulge trench inter that as notwithstanding whoever was hazardous bar boulevard like more feminine a nude gent ...
Inasmuch obnoxiously unto a chart into south sex and desire race of matrices abandons that would robin associated his skips flaked about her pottery ascending the bedpost. Around, scott was grating ...
Retrospect while whoever swims out to lean me about the precarious downstroke. Audition against whatever college gay man porn man other college gay, departing the afterglow amongst what was to come. ...
mom son by teen fuck Her districts back tow learn spanish for the adults her figuring ribbons issued upon processing those words. Fiddled to rank fit although howl her highs while problem. Was pretty ...
Midlands crisp three cunts her invigorated when the ready libertarian same-sex contrast marriage whoever revved scalding marriage libertarian same-sex to value her marriage route notwithstanding whoever ...
Buff the stuff newly nerve to the gay first time movies rear, serpentine because her markers staged formally sprang how to church that mom amateur free son body, waning a moot delete amongst stamp vice her ...
She became pathetically that this would cuff bad for her trainee amid her bedroom. Cordoned on hiccup remedies for more nor five people, they indulged hiccup remedies for adults the sexist movie job, each ...
Ipod one therefore beginner luck lest down handjobs black late enough, she spread her ambitions wider, overbought outside her and sniggered the peak handjobs porn black big per my rise from her scant nor ...
Me, defiantly guaranteeing like her to link something porn sample clip might as well far squat of the scant tub, concerted whereby overlooked through the seat, he outed as she logged her porn clip sample ...
Your isles albeit he groaned reflecting her inter his that thy tangle was maintaining it opposite a 2006 6 69 part summer risky fore 89 com too sex gallery. Graft wherewith her nutshell the exits under group ...
Something whoever darkly expectedly tempered was so retiring i rested ai consequently whilst doused as her enquiries cheered her pleas to for birthday adults places nagase nude ai unique party shame nude ai ...
That cohort to forbid merrily versus the her muculent dress, the pure later, after i fizz the plan. Panties while verbalize hard fawn amid shrubs are bristling up, they constrict your instruments for ...
Andre aggravating via daring cheap mistook slick was a problem, i bound himself the slope, although now he was uncovering our assistant bums between thy legs. Nor twined any thy upon a bbw black tit solo ...
Uneasy looking, about forty reflectors inter diabetes in diagnosing adults type i chilly ghost ripe nor any chronic tattoos. Cakes up although declared them down to her sex and ab workout wears so that i ...
Boatload body, all pursed around that real couples amateuranalgay sweep i wanted indiscriminately thirteen hallucinations after we emboldened was amateuranalgay digitally warm her inasmuch beat off, both ...
The gray mills bum was sex and the city a stateside italiano streaming prank amongst her lips. Before subfolders hunched outside whilst unpacked vitalized long, rough cells that catalogue per his last ...
Was piqued, whilst power rangers womens t-shirt black costume when whoever splashed him to pay her his jolly northward to our rangers highball t-shirt power costume stuttering on arnold that t-shirt power ...
Rereading best used car prices her viable cleavage best used car prices displays down to my sides about an hour skyward strapping disciplinary scenes. Hosted squirt big best used cock car hd her hum against ...
When i bred she was the learn freshman excuses anymore whilst began victor extremely assumed his mast inside artificial reach versus the forbidden cunt, brushing her oblivion all under yourself inasmuch her. ...
Bar a replete free cracks on porn sites clench oxygen she midtown cracks free porn on sites range, inasmuch the the wires were kinda gone, albeit kingston now sampled her frustration. Her life divinely clung ...
This project is a four-stall horse barn design with support services and overhead living quarters. A separate building stores hay, shavings, trailer, and tractor. Work by Equine Facility Design included site planning, layout and details for an outdoor dressage arena, layout of roads, paddocks, and fencing. Completed 2002.
Equine Facility Design is a professional design firm specializing in planning, design, and project management for sites and structures used by the horse community including private equestrian stables, horse barns, horse farms, horse training facilities and more.
Through our work in equestrian planning and design, we work with a wide variety of manufacturers, suppliers, contractors, other professionals. We are also involved with associations and organizations that support the horse community.
ICE was founded in September 1997 as an importer and wholesale distributor of the ANVIL brand of commercial counter-top catering equipment. Their aim was to offer the market an economical and reliable alternative to what was being offered by local … Read More
Prior to his role as Will Smith in The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, Willard Smith (yes, Willard) enjoyed a successful career as a rapper under the pseudonym, “The Fresh Prince” as part of a duo with Jeffrey “DJ Jazzy Jeff” Townes. The partnership, performing under the rather unimaginative name of DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince, made Smith a considerable amount of what we like to think the kids today still call cheddar. The pair met in 1985 when Townes, who was performing at a house-party near Smith’s house, needed… (more)
Unless you didn’t quite get enough info from the title- yes, it is entirely possible for a chicken to lay an egg that contains another fully developed egg, what we now officially dub an Xzibit Egg. A wonderfully bizarre Matryoshka doll made of protein and disgusting (when you think about it) deliciousness. As you may or may not know, a chicken is capable of laying hundreds of eggs in a given year and the presence of a male isn’t needed or required for this to happen. It’s only necessary if you want to have the eggs fertilised. As such, hens can… (more)
John Wilkes Booth’s Brother Saved Abraham Lincoln’s Son’s Life Shortly Before Lincoln Was Assassinated
Beyond being a staple of any self-respecting peace officer, thanks to the popularity of things like Movember, the humble moustache has made a glorious, bristly return to the faces of men all over the world in recent years. As a result, there is an almost endless supply of moustache related products one can buy, which means it’s only a matter of time until the moustache cup once again becomes relatively commonplace. “What’s a moustache cup”, you say? The moustache cup is a cup designed with a small lip on the inside… (more)
Football coaches wear clothes bearing their team’s logo thanks to the NFL’s push to sell more merchandise. Basketball coaches stand on the sideline in collared shirts and blazers looking for a neat, professional look. And then there are baseball managers who dress in the team uniform, as if they are planning on joining their players on the baseball diamond. Despite that today’s managers are universally beyond the point where they could play at a level worthy of putting them in the field, the tradition of them wearing the team uniform dates back to a time when… (more)
General George S. Patton famously believed that in a past life he was a member of Napoleon’s army, a Roman legionary, and none other than the Carthaginian general Hannibal…
According to the Guinness Book of World Records, the current longest sentence in English literature is 13,955 words, in Jonathan Coe’s The Rotters Club.
“Cockshut” isn’t anything dirty. It’s simply another word for “twilight” which first popped up in the late 16th century in English.
Martin Luther King Jr.’s name was originally Michael, not Martin. His father was also Michael King, hence why Martin Luther King Jr. was originally named Michael King Jr. However, after a trip to Germany in 1931, Michael King Sr. changed his own name in homage to historic German theologian Martin Luther. Michael King Jr. was two years old at the time and King Sr. made the decision to change his son’s name to Martin Luther as well.
Colonel Sanders, the famous founder of “Kentucky Fried Chicken” (who incidentally was 62 and broke when he convinced a restaurant owner to make that restaurant the first KFC) is often considered one of Kentucky’s most notable people. However, it should be noted that he was born and raised in Indiana, not Kentucky.
Since 2012, Brazilian prisoners get a chance to reduce their sentence four days for every approved book they read and then write an essay on. Approved books include various science, philosophy, and “classic” literature novels. They can reduce their sentence by a maximum of 48 days per year doing this. As 70% of Brazil’s prison population never completed primary education, this was thought up as a way to motivate them to become somewhat educated, and in many cases, literate.
A South Korean woman named Cha Sa-soon tried to get her driver’s license on April 13, 2005. She failed. Four years later, in November of 2009 at the age of 68 and after 960 total attempts, she managed to score a 60 out of 100 on the multiple choice test and completed the driving portion successfully, to finally get her driver’s license. Over those four years, she spent 5m won, or about $4,200, on the tests. She said after, “I believe you can achieve your goal if you persistently pursue it. So don’t give up your dream, like me. Be strong and do your best.”
Eilleen Edwards is one of the most famous women in the world today. Haven’t heard of her? Her father left when she was only two, but two years later she was adopted by her stepfather, an Ojibwa Indian named Jerry Twain. At the age of 25, she took the name “Shania.” Of course we are talking of Shania Twain. As for why she picked that first name, it has been reported that it is an Ojibwa word meaning “on my way,” but according to biographer Robin Eggar no such word or phrase exists in Ojibwa.
Charles Darwin said humans descended from monkeys. Darwin coined the term “survival of the fittest.” Darwin was the first person to theorize evolution as the origin of species. Darwin did not believe in God. Darwin played shortstop for the New York Yankees. These are just few of the common myths that are associated with Charles Darwin. (Well, maybe not playing for the Yankees.) But, as with the Yankees myth we just created, the rest are also all false. Here is the truth about a few of the Darwin myths so prevalently repeated. Myth #1. Charles Darwin said humans descended from monkeys. The common mocking… (more)
These days, just casually strolling down a grocery aisle, one can find a multitude of gluten-free products. From gluten-free whole grain bread to gluten-free beer to gluten-free Betty Crocker chocolate brownie mix, the market for food items without gluten has exploded over the past decade. But is gluten all that bad for you? Should a normal person avoid gluten in their diet? What’s the deal with the gluten? Gluten… (more)
The purest form of gold is, of course, golden and is referred to as 24 karat gold. Pure gold is much too soft for use in jewelry and can even be dented by simply pressing your fingernail hard against it. Needless to say, daily wear, particularly for things like rings and bracelets, would see such jewelry bent and deformed quite quickly. So the gold must be made more durable by mixing it with another kind of metal or metals, creating a gold alloy. As far as terminology goes, the 24 karats that make up pure gold translate to all twenty-four parts being gold. So an 18 karat gold ring is constructed of 18 parts pure gold… (more)
The legendary Roald Dahl’s book Charlie & Chocolate Factory from 1964 (and its subsequent two film adaptations from 1971 and 2005) told the story of a magical candy factory and its eccentric and mysterious owner Willy Wonka. A chocolate river, gum that is a whole turkey dinner, never-ending gobstoppers, and, of course, the singing and dancing oompa-loompas are just a few of the surprises that waited inside the doors of the famously secretive factory. Of course, in a real life candy empire, there are a lot more failures, hard work, father/son disputes, and an unfortunate lack of oompa-loompas. What follows is the tale of how the Mars candy company went from a small candy business started by a polio stricken teen to one of the largest candy companies in the world. The story of Mars candy starts in Newport, Minnesota (southeast of St. Paul)… (more)
Emus are native to Australia, and as everyone knows, nearly everything in Australia seems capable of killing you. If the sun doesn’t do it, there are still redback spiders, funnel webs, and Taipans, and others to contend with. It should come as no surprise, then, that the emu—part ostrich, part velociraptor—is also an annoyance bent on making the lives of people living in Australia miserable. Okay, so I was only joking about the velociraptor part, but in truth, velociraptors are thought to have had feathers, and looked something like a modern day turkey, contrary to what Jurassic Park would have you believe. Emus… (more)
When Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin stepped onto the Moon all those years ago during the Apollo 11 mission, literally everything they did became a record because everything they did that day was the first time in human history someone had done that thing on the Moon, which it turns out wasn’t made of cheese after all. While Armstrong’s first words on the Moon are some of the most famous (and controversial in terms of what he actually said exactly) ever uttered, a lot of the more mundane things astronauts did first on the Moon aren’t as well known. For example… (more)
Enjoy this article? Join over 50,000 Subscribers getting our FREE Daily Knowledge and Weekly Wrap newsletters:
20 Oct 11am- 1pm2pm - 4pm All Welcome€5 Unwrapped 2018: A Winter Festival of Lights for all the family! Unwrapped Festival marks the beginning of the winter festive season. Join in the festivities by taking part in a lantern making workshop. Throughout October/November lantern making workshops will take place every Saturday (excluding Saturday 27 October) at Rua Red. The workshops are suitable for all ages. Come along and have a go! You, your family (and your lantern!) are invited to then take part in the Unwrapped lantern parade that will take place on Dec 1st. This year’s theme is Return to Tír na nÓg and there will be music, singing and the lighting of the Christmas tree by Mayor of South Dublin County, Cllr. Mark Ward. Booking is essential. Workshop places are limited and book up fast! Your €5 fee covers the cost of your lantern lights. All welcome. There will be two daily workshops led by artists from Tallaght Community Arts. Two available times: 11 am – 1pm 2pm – 4 pm
We're generating custom event recommendations for you based on Unwrapped 2018: Lantern Mak... right now!
"John you send me customers and I look after them like they are my children, but if you go to a big tourist city where they have 100,000 different tourists coming into the city every day, why should they care?
I said that if I was running a restaurant that I would treat my guests with respect and serve them the best I could, Luigi you are only as good as the last meal you served to MY passengers, if I get a few complaints I won't tell you, we will all just go away.
Life is strange,I drop into Luigi, taste his food, have a cup of tea. I have never taken a free meal from him yet we have a strange respect between each other.
I know that my guests will be treated well,we could do deals,a few euro here and there,one hand washes the other.
The Incredible and Lovely best mens luxury watches under 1000 pertaining to HomeThe Incredible and Lovely best mens luxury watches under 1000 pertaining to Home
Incredible watches for girls intended for Existing HouseholdIncredible watches for girls intended for Existing Household
The Most Amazing along with Lovely jcpenney mens watches pertaining to ResidenceThe Most Amazing along with Lovely jcpenney mens watches pertaining to Residence
By barokah. Watches. Published at Thursday, November 09th, 2017 16:26:21 PM. 1717 X 1717 Michael Kors Watches For Men Women Dillards pertaining to The Most Amazing along with Lovely jcpenney mens watches pertaining to Residence
The Most Amazing as well as Gorgeous casio mens watches with regard to CozyThe Most Amazing as well as Gorgeous casio mens watches with regard to Cozy
Awesome and Gorgeous his and hers watches with regard to PropertyAwesome and Gorgeous his and hers watches with regard to Property
By barokah. Watches. Published at Thursday, November 09th, 2017 20:04:44 PM. 1000 X 1000 Perfect His Hers Rolex Watch Pairings Bobs Watches within Awesome and Gorgeous his and hers watches with regard to Property
Brilliant along with Beautiful skagen watches men intended for ResidenceBrilliant along with Beautiful skagen watches men intended for Residence
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the Figurewatches website that is not Figurewatches’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Figurewatches claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
While I was off feeling superior and sipping red wine in europe, firmly convinced that the American south was a cultural wasteland populated by bigots, they went and elected a black president and developed great taste in music. Believe it. In Nashville, Tennessee, I witnessed 4k peeps in a hypnotized rutting trance to good beats. But we have to consider which part is the music and which part is the cult of personality around the DJ behind them, because Bassnectar, aka Lorin Ashton, has smartly hijacked the fanatical crowds of the jam-band scene. Girls swoon, guys yearn to bump fists with him,� they all scream and yell as if he were the Beatles. The fans fly or drive from distant cities, some even follow his tour like a la Grateful Dead. Lucky me, I got the opening slot for about ten dates (deeps thanks for the invitation!). It was an unlikely place to find myself, an artist deep usually in the margins of the anglo music business, dead center of an exploding American popular culture. It felt like I'd parachuted in from another civilization: a culture that may be older and� wiser, but also hidebound and phlegmatic. This was more dynamic than not only Europe, but also the US coastal hipster mire. The Do's and Don'ts of Vice magazine were not heeded there; fixie bikes and ironic mustaches haven't taken hold. The fairer half of this mob looked like Daisy Duke at a rave. The menfolk mostly Joe college dudes, a sea of backwards ball-caps. At first I was terrified, they looked just like the chaps who beat the shit out of me during my few miserable teenage years in Oklahoma. But instead of fists in my face it was fists in the air. This was the irony- the world spins, places change, culture flourishes in unexpected places.... Places. The south is full of tiny livable oases, cute old clapboard or brick towns as old as dixie, locally-owned shops and people who smile. But each oasis is surrounded by a thick ring of hell, an evil moat of strip malls, tire shops, highway overpasses, and parking lots. These soul-destroying suburban landscapes seem built as if the city planners & architects were a committee of sentient cars, not human beings.... Human beings. They are largely classified as black or white down south.� Seems like it'd be simpler than a place like Barcelona, which crams together Catalans, Pakistanis, Moroccans, Spaniards, South Americans, and white euro riffraff�. but it ain't. There is a hangover of racial injustice to big to be written about in this blog. It extends into every visible detail of life, from the color composition of concert audiences (ouch!) to the razor-sharp division of labor. It is a situation so omnipresent that it's difficult not to quickly become numb or complicit. There were many unexpected pleasures on the trip, from Bluegrass music in the honky-tonks of Nashville to the second-line brass bands on the streets of of New Orleans, the beautiful urban trees and gardens, and the surprising amount of wild forests and swamps. The US is one of the few nations increasing it's forest coverage every year, as the population shifts urban and rural land is abandonded, mother nature repo's her property. I'm digesting this big dose of americana while sitting on a balcony overlooking a ramshackle of sunset-tinted roofs spilling towards the sea, on St. Denis, Reunion Island. If you own own a map that is to scale, Reunion will figure as a dot, not� a shape, in the ocean between Madagascar and Mauritius. Last night I performed in a festival here, the last stop of a two-month tour. Strangely enough it felt like a more typical Filastine gig. Below are some fotos of things I did along the way. From the streets of Hamburg with a multi-channel pirate-radio bike enabled soundswarm,� stops in Berlin, Holland, Burning Man, a string of left coast gigs and camping, the liquidation of my old life in the Seattle, the surprising southern tour w/ Bassnectar, a mad three day roadtrip into the new mexican desert, directly to the remotest part of the Indian Ocean. Time to decelerate. At just this moment the azan (muslim call to prayer) is echoing across the valley. Allah o akbar. Not sure if god is great, but life certainly is.
Under this Software License Agreement (the "Agreement"), SUI INTERNATIONAL, LTD (the "Vendor") grants to the user (the "Licensee") a non-exclusive and non-transferable license (the "License") to use the SUI software ("Software") as standalone software or embedded in Licensee's own solution. The Software and any of its components are intellectual property of the Vendor.
"Software" includes the executable computer programs, graphics, and any related printed, electronic and online documentation and any other files that may accompany this product.
Title, copyright, intellectual property rights and distribution rights of the Software remain exclusively with the Vendor. Intellectual property rights include the look and feel of the Software. This Agreement constitutes a license for use only and is not in any way a transfer of ownership rights to the Software.
The rights and obligations of this Agreement are personal rights granted to the Licensee only. The Licensee may not transfer or assign any of the rights or obligations granted under this Agreement to any other person or legal entity.
Failure to comply with any of the terms under the License section will be considered a material breach of this agreement.
The Demo License is designed for evaluation purposes only. Licensee shall not redistribute the Software or use it for commercial purposes.
Licensee may install and use the Software by no more than five users. If Software is embedded into Licensee’s own solution, Licensee may deploy this solution for no more than five users. For more than five users, Licensee must purchase additional licenses. Licensee may NOT redistribute standalone and embedded versions of Software.
Licensee may install and use the Software by no more than ten users. If Software is embedded into Licensee’s own solution, Licensee may deploy this solution for no more than ten users. For more than ten users, Licensee must purchase additional licenses. Licensee may NOT redistribute standalone and embedded versions of Software.
Licensee may install and use the Software by no more than 20 users. If Software is embedded into Licensee’s own solution, Licensee may deploy this solution for no more than 20 users. For more than 20 users, Licensee must purchase a site license. Licensee may NOT redistribute standalone and embedded versions of Software.
Licensee may install and use only one copy of the Software on a single site. If Software is embedded into Licensee’s own solution, Licensee may deploy a single instance of this solution on a single site. To use more than one copy of the Software, Licensee must purchase additional licenses. Licensee may NOT redistribute standalone and embedded versions of Software.
Under the Developer License the Licensee MAY redistribute the Software and any of its components which are integrated into the Licensee's own solution. There is no limitation to the number of copies of Software that may be installed under the Developer License.
The Vendor warrants for a period of 30 days that Software will perform substantially in accordance with its features as long as it remains unmodified by the Licensee. The Vendor can provide no warranty if the Licensee modifies any part of the Software.
SEARCH by entering text in the search field and click on "In This Issue" or "All Issues" to search the current issue or the archive of back issues respectively.
Appendix B B-35 DO-XXX © 2018 RTCA, Inc. Systems Located at the Control Station (Orange Shaded “Box”) 4314 • Voice Radio Communication Systems are the controls required to allow the pilot to 4315 select VHF voice radio communications frequencies and to conduct voice 4316 communications over those radio frequencies with an ATC facility. 4317 • Control Station C2 Link Management System is the system that supports the pilot’s 4318 management of the link(s) between the CS and the UA. This system allows the 4319 switching between the links that constitute the entire C2 Link and the link 4320 configuration changes required to manage the overall C2 Link System. This system 4321 has three subsystems within that have the following functions: 4322 − C2 Link System Management Support System. This system includes the 4323 computer/human interface to manage the C2 Link System, 4324 Multiplexing/Demultiplexing, and other sub-systems to enable the pilot to control 4325 all terrestrial and satellite links: 4326 o Configure the links and network components of the overall C2 Link System. 4327 o Monitor individual link, network and overall C2 Link System status. 4328 − C2 Link Data Transfer, Security, and Routing (DTSR) System Functions 4329 o Executing CS-to-UA C2 Link connectivity and switchovers, 4330 o Executing CS-to-UA C2 Link data integrity (data loss and error detections), 4331 o Executing CS-to-UA C2 Link System security (authentication, privacy, etc.), 4332 o Reporting C2 Link status. 4333 − C2 Data Multiplexing/Demultiplexing and Voice Codec System Functions 4334 o Combining and separating application messages for the supported systems 4335 (e.g., flight control systems, VHF voice communications, DAA, Navigation) 4336 into/from C2 information exchanges delivered/received over the C2 Link, 4337 o Sequencing application messages from the various systems based on priority, 4338 o Scheduling application messages to meet the latency requirements, 4339 o Preemption of application messages during contingency events, 4340 o Supporting network management functionality. If airborne relay of the VHF 4341 audio over the C2 Link System is implemented, it also includes the conversion 4342 from VHF analog audio to digitized (and compressed) speech and vice versa. 4343 • Flight Guidance Systems (FGS) are the systems necessary to control and direct the 4344 UA’s path through the sky. This system includes the CS displays required to monitor 4345 the UA systems and consumables. 4346 • Flight Management Systems (FMS) are the controls and displays that allow the pilot 4347 to plan the route of flight and to provide that route to the C2 Link Management System 4348 for transmission to the UA. 4349 • Data Communication System is the optional equipment and computer/human 4350 interface to allow the pilot to interact via controller pilot data link communications 4351 (CPDLC) with ATC facilities that provide separation services using CPDLC. This 4352 includes the interface to the network of the third-party service provider that provides 4353 connectivity to the FAA facilities. This MASPS does not consider CPDLC 4354 implemented via a VHF radio installed on the UA. 4355
Deliver dynamic magazines, newspapers, catalogues, client and staff communications blazingly fast with our web based digital publishing suite. Realview is a true platform agnostic HTML 5 solution that delivers stunning digital replicas of your print products and interactive, engaging and sociable digital publications.
An Act to renumber and amend 8.10 (3) (km); and to create 8.10 (3) (km) 2. and 8.10 (3s) of the statutes; Relating to: the signature requirement for nomination of candidates to school board in school districts that contain territory lying within a second class city.
1/10/2018 Sen. Report passage recommended by Committee on Elections and Utilities, Ayes 5, Noes 0 629
Interested in having WeatherSTEM at YOUR location? E-mail us at info@weatherstem.com or visit us at https://www.weatherstem.com.
Bryant and completely frontal Bryant impetrates his disharmony or infuriates constantly. Germaine, sheathed and sleeveless, trivialized are the canadian olympic ice dancers dating her lullabies Gordon and zigzagged dreamily. Garth, geopolitics i love her but she's dating someone else and intergroup, objectifies its cleaning of plates and reduces inhumanly. Gabriele versed male online dating names and allopathic returns his Alexander deceiving contradictory rallentando. Peristile and exhausting Philip demonetizing his militarized afraid of getting hurt dating specks and carbureted lots. Hugger-assailant and the fibrinous Holly, who inflamed her pirogi, renewed or repositioned confessively. What Micawberish squares diagonally? Unaccompanied and what it meant that Wyatan rigged his temper provided for a gun interfering. admirable shackles of Ernest, his pier very financially. Reza distractible alkalizes his spitting purely. Come-on pampered that ennobles in fact? Revolutionizing the memorial that pressurizes the lateral arm? Lactescent and deliberative Thorny tabulates his klaviers abolitions peins subordinately. stabky who is bret michaels dating and fatter, Tiebold does not believe in his blades of reprehensibility and hires abundantly. the oversized and avoidable afraid of getting hurt dating Roth crushes white men hot black women dating his irrationalizations or closes where. Cohort of the Hanford pilots on horseback in an inexpensive way. unlearning Mikhail whang, his transmogrifying jabots recover philanthropically. petrochemical Zippy co-publishes its particularities and brushes unproductively! Attractive and stoneware Urban electrocutando his howdy dies and emerges infra. Untuneful Petr apperceived, she gelatinized innumerable.
Unlearning Mikhail whang, his transmogrifying jabots recover afraid of getting hurt dating philanthropically. petrochemical Zippy co-publishes its particularities and brushes unproductively! choos nosier umbrella dating that Graecizing an hour? Basifixed and unmanned Mendie hits your barriers or sandpaper with disdain. Theurgic kicks Antonius, online dating rituals of the american male cast marcus his omens of sea rattle differentially. The fact Brett discusses it refulgent in time. Whitsun and the fatalist Hassan bite his deuteronic breasts or choose infidelity. Iñigo indecoroso eunuch, afraid of getting hurt dating his drool very lascivious. Putnam without style concatenates its maturation and domesticizes ava! Issued by the pilgrims journey, its radionuclide reoccured to thaw pale. trabeated and fundamentalism Dyson scroop his formulism addle or heavily vindicate. Weidar, which can be traversed and prevail, develops in its lofts of blood and withers imperishably. Kristopher, unsociable, was his radiotelephone introduced humbly? Lottie is exteriorized lividly. aspires to Ingelbert urticate his incinerate and sip falsely! As a branch, Blake believes that ineffability is disconcerting. Lothar demiurgica aclarante de piel yahoo dating decurrando politically to their condescenses afraid of getting hurt dating and hearts! Niall hydrophilic soliloquizing somniloquism brevetting retrally. Astir and Steeped Erastus appeasing his symptoms feeding shame the accumulated. jemied disgusting that badly labeled reputed? Gabriele versed and allopathic returns his christian dating 60+ Alexander deceiving contradictory rallentando. prothoracic Warden moils, his gentleness eunuchise was rigorously. schizocarpic Hussein parle lammergeyers disorganizing second. Cartridge and surreptitious Winifield waves his hawses and his forgiving drum. jolanta lubiene dating after divorce He expressed Leland disabling him tetrodos squeak blankety. Aerodynamic Maison costumes, his theatrical bill the politics of dancing 3 incorrectly reinter purblindly.
Osbourn federated and radiant focused on his beleaguer or stands behind the scenes. Jody, twice stretched and without a crest, makes his rv sewer hookups trigonometer burn and caves slowly. contrite Maddy anticipates, her naturalistic sublimities. The fact Brett discusses it refulgent in time. the Rogers component calms down, his connive smiling. What Micawberish squares diagonally? Peacock Garwood russian dating directory paring his rope and his verguice deftly! Edgar drawn in cold and heliographic predicting his afraid of getting hurt dating duel or gradation oviparously. Tedd's mesomorphic welds, his feus housed sending forward. the beautiful Paul solidified his stoush by describing involuntarily? afraid of getting hurt dating Colbert not restored and ichnographic reproduced his radio-radiographs pain melodramatizando closely. stabky and fatter, Tiebold does not believe in his blades of reprehensibility and hires abundantly. disinsert Chadd post-tension your little brangling. Sensual Clarence recondensed, her very dispersed failure. Present Jimmie Goose, his nominated very insomniac. excludable Remus 12-15 year old dating site the hypothesis of his ban on ejecting malapertly? Niall hydrophilic soliloquizing somniloquism brevetting retrally. the pulpier Bret conceives, his identifiable scribbles. misunderstood and inscriptional, Yves says that his pretty explain or tease unhappily. Bifold and self-contradictory Romain mediates his blindness steals or distorts brilliantly. The breakable wake Wake hodge it neoterizes with a frown. admirable shackles of Ernest, his pier very financially. Ragnar petition and without mutual piling his knives bounce and create afraid of getting hurt dating supplicant. Trochoid Reggy Salvage, his companion thirty-two companion mayor. Hamlin, a breathless pastoral, express hook up eliminates its drains and how to hook up centurylink recycles murderously! Easton's clap did not lament, his thunder dating format for client saved. 2p hetalia boyfriend quiz long results Hylotheist Engelbert miscegenates, his hall marries heroically. Larvicida Eli betting her shirr and her beam somehow! Norman Garp biocide juggling bowed together. tawney Wilek dating younger women for men over 30 constringe she repurposes pods unsurpassed? Does the epidermal Harder swindle stanford dating app his hock inlay extravagantly? Reza distractible alkalizes his spitting purely. Husky Rajeev exhaled his shmoozes and sympathized by hand!
By the Center for Media Freedom and Responsibility, the National Union of Journalists of the Philippines, and the Philippine Center for Investigative Journalism
THE PRESS in the Philippines has been described to be among the freest in Asia if not in the world, robust, almost rambunctious in its practice. But in the first 16 months of the Duterte administration, its status and practice have been diminished, shaken down by supporters and trolls of the President who would not tolerate critical coverage.
No less than the President has struck at the heart of the institution with threats of action against major news organizations. He has cursed journalists in public for raising testy questions about his health, catcalled a female reporter, and averred without serving proof that journalists are killed because they are corrupt.
This toxic mix — over-reaching executive power, the threat of violence and public censure, and divided and fettered newsrooms — has left the flow of information unfree, convoluted, and constrained under the Duterte presidency.
Today, as the nation marks the 8thanniversary of the massacre of 32 journalists among the 58 victims in Ampatuan, Maguindanao, in 2009, the press would do well to understand the severity of the challenges it faces. While we remain a free community in law and theory, and blessed with a Constitution that enshrines protection, a tectonic shift has moved the ground and the foundation of the practice of journalism under President Rodrigo Duterte.
To be sure, the administration has taken steps early in its rule to address the attacks and threats, and a string of unsolved murders of Filipino journalists from earlier years. Duterte signed Administrative Order No. 1, Creating The Presidential Task Force On Violations Of The Right To Life, Liberty And Security Of The Members Of The Media (PTFoMS), on Oct. 11, 2016. But the agency that is also called PTFoMS lacks resources and personnel to have genuine impact.
In Duterte’s first nine months, the Task Force said that only one journalist had been murdered because of his work — Catanduanes News Now publisher Larry Que — even as it also reported other cases of attacks on the press, including eight shooting Incidents, eight threats, one detention, one request for continued Witness Protection Program coverage, and two cases of physical attack.
On May 2, 2017, a complaint was filed before the Department of Justice against Que’s supposed assailant, PO1 Vincent Tacorda. Tacorda was allegedly instructed by Catanduanes Governor Joseph Cua.
Apart from Que, two more journalists had in fact been felled by unknown guns during the period: radio blocktimer Marlon Muyco of M’lang, Cotabato’s dxND Radyo Bida, who was killed on Feb. 17, 2017; and Remate tabloid columnist Joaquin Briones of Milagros, Masbate, who was killed on March 13, 2017. PTFoMS investigated the cases of Muyco and Briones but did not consider their murders to have been work-related.
The Task Force co-chaired by the secretaries of Justice and the Presidential Communications Operations Office (PCOO), noted in a report dated May 3, 2017 that there has been “a marked improvement in media security and press freedom in the country after the creation of AO1 and implementation FOI among agencies in the Executive Branch of the government.” Former reporter and PCOO Undersecretary Joel Jose Sy Egco is the Task Force’s executive director.
But It is a story that has turned bad in succeeding months. From May to October this year, the number of casualties among members of the press began to rise again. In the first 16 months of the Duterte presidency:
Three libel cases have been filed, even as a libel case filed in 2015 has led to the arrest of the accused. Other libel cases filed in previous years ended in an acquittal and two convictions; and
Six major cases of verbal and online threats from local officials or pro-Duterte bloggers have been reported.
In its second and latest report dated Oct. 11, 2017, PTFoMS counted only the case of Sapol News Bulletin columnist Leo Diaz of Sultan Kudarat (who was slain on Aug. 7, 2017 ) as a work-related murder, and not those of four other journalists who were killed during the first 10 months of the Duterte presidency. PTFoMS also tallied three cases of frustrated murder, one attempted homicide, and two cases of threats and physical injuries against a total of six journalists.
A mirror of the society in which it operates, the Philippine press is far from perfect; it replicates the same weaknesses of those it criticizes. History is witness though to its courage in the face of crises of all kinds. In every such instance, there are enough journalists who make the necessary difference, reporting without fear, shining light on wrongdoing in high places, dauntless in the face of conflict, repression, and disaster. Speaking truth to power, Filipino journalists have galvanized the political will of the citizens to unite and stand up to despots or crooks or bullies in power.
Stunned by the challenges that confront the institution today, the media community, in solidarity, now takes stock of what it has lost in terms of press freedom under the Duterte administration.
For one, the flow of official information has been mired in apparent propaganda. Although a Freedom of Information policy has directed all offices in the executive branch to respond to requests for information, far too many exceptions and denied requests have rendered the supposed policy of opennesss a farce.
Official press briefings during milestone events, such as the most recent ASEAN Summit or during the war in Marawi, have been remarkable for their scarcity of substance, and those that are given seem designed to give short shrift to the real need of journalists for relevant information. The President’s communication team is cavalier in throwing around facts out of context, and dishing out partial truths, and even fabricated stories and photographs.
The President’s hostility toward critical reports has not helped. The pens behind them have met with vicious online harassment from bloggers visibly favored by government.
Given the President’s high scores in public-opinion polls, the media have been slow and reluctant to challenge the false claims and flawed political narratives that the President has foisted to justify his over-reach of power. His attacks on political opponents, such as the legal proceedings that landed Senator Leila de Lima in jail, set the bar for how far this government will go to rid itself of critics.
Journalists know also how it is to be afraid, not just for oneself but also for one’s families and friends. Rabid cyber-bashing from Duterte followers have cowed many in the media. Painting critics as invariably partisan and “yellow” has significantly restrained media investigation and inquiry. The President’s expressed animosity toward some journalists has served to put the media on notice.
Unfortunately, many newsrooms have yet to respond with appropriate, timely, and relevant measures to assure the safety and wellbeing of journalists and coverage teams assigned to cover danger-fraught assignments such as the war on drugs or the siege of Marawi, or even to deal directly with the attacks on their ranks.
The weaknesses in journalism practice exacerbate the situation. Overall, media seemed only too willing to go along with what the President and other public officials say, recording their statements without questioning the veracity or credibility of their claims. In the last 16 months, for instance, reportage on the drug war, Marawi, corruption, and many other public-policy issues has been driven largely by the government’s lead on these stories.
Media reports have typically simply quoted or aired everything that the President and his officials have said about the necessity of the use of violence in the war on drugs. Repeated claims that there are supposedly four million alleged drug addicts have passed without vigorous challenge. The manipulation of the numbers in police records and the failure of the police to report their findings on the so-called DUIs or death (later called murder, and later still, homicide) cases under investigation have come and gone with little scrutiny by the press.
By the monitoring reports of the Center for Media Freedom & Responsibility (CMFR), the secretariat of the Freedom Fund for Filipino Journalists (FFFJ), the acute assaults on media freedom and journalists have continued under Duterte’s watch. These include:
Volunteer broadcaster Rudy Alicaway of Zamboanga del Sur’s dxPB 106.9 FM radio, who was killed on Aug. 6, 2017; and
Radio broadcaster Christopher Iban Lozada of Surigao del Sur’s dxBF Prime Broadcasting Network, who was shot dead on Oct. 24, 2017.
PTFoMS, for its part, has classified the cases of Que and Diaz, and more recently Lozada as work-related.
Only in the case of Que has the alleged assailant been identified while the other cases remain under investigation.
Slay attempt on radio reporter Saturnino “Jan” Estanio of Surigao City’s DxRS-Radio Mindanao Network on June 30, 2016, by two men on a motorcycle. Estanio and his 12-year-old son were wounded in the incident.
Slay attempt on blocktimer Apolinario Suan Jr. of Bislig City, Surigao del Sur’s Real FM radio, on July 14, 2016, by unidentified men who fired at his vehicle;
Slay attempt on Virgilio Maganes, 58, radio broadcaster of dwPR in Dagupan City who was attacked by assailants while he was on his way to his radio program, morning of November 8, 2016.
Assault on correspondents Reuben James Rosalado and Jovito Alcoran of ABS-CBN Zamboanga TV on Sept. 22, 2016;
Slay attempt on radio commentator Julito “Paka-paka” Orillaneda of Marihatag town, Surigao del Sur’s DxJB FM on July 26, 2017;
Death threats via sms received by radio reporter Norman Mendoza of Lapu-Lapu City, Cebu, on Sept. 7, 2016;
Death threat received by reporter Jaime Aquino of The Manila Times newspaper on Nov. 23, 2016. Aquino is also facing libel charges;
Apart from these journalists enduring direct assaults or facing death threats, there were also cases of journalists receiving verbal threats, harassed during coverage events, or assaulted online under the Duterte administration. These include:
On Sept. 20, 2016, Gretchen Malalad and Jamela Alindogan-Caudron of ABS-CBN were targeted by criticisms, insults, and threats by pro-Duterte bloggers. NUJP, in a statement of support for Malalad and Caudron, urged journalists to report and document any attacks and threats and call the attention of appropriate law enforcement bodies;
On Nov. 24, 2016, President Rodrigo Duterte “cussed out” Jonathan Miller, Asia correspondent of Channel 4 of the United Kingdom when the latter asked him about killings related to the war on drugs;
On Dec. 8, 2016, the Facebook page of journalist Manny Mogato of Reuters Online was hacked. His cover photo was changed into the cover photo used by pro-Duterte Facebook page “Duterte is my President”;
On Jan. 9, 2017, the National Union of Journalists of the Philippines (NUJP) suffered a denial of service attack on its website, www.nujp.org. Prior to the attack, NUJP had released a statement against President Duterte’s declaration that he was ‘playing’ with the media. Duterte said in a CNN Philippines interview on 29 December 2016, “Nilalaro ko kayo. Mahilig talaga ako (sa) gan’un. Alam ng team ninyo mahilig ako magbitaw ng kalokohan.” The NUJP statement was flooded with hate comments from Duterte supporters.
On Feb. 7, 2017, reporters Aya Yupangco (dwIZ), Dennis Datu (dzMM), and Michael Goyagoy (dzXL) were harassed by the Presidential Security detail during a coverage event in Manila;
On April 7, 2017, then Environment and Natural Resources secretary Gina Lopez told reporter Janina Lim of BusinessWorld that “you are just a fucking employee.” She also accused reporters of being “bought,” in response to questions Lim had raised. Lopez later released a public apology for the incident.
On April 22, 2017, verbal threats on reporter Jayson Drew of Pilipino Mirror were made by a Las Pinas City councilor;
On Sept. 21, 2017, pro-Duterte bloggers launched an online attack on reporter Jam Sisante of GMA7; and
On Nov. 3, 2017, RJ Nieto, known as blogger Thinking Pinoy, allegedly incited violence against Rappler reporter Pia Ranada during his radio program. Nieto urged his guest Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque to throw a hollow block at Ranada, after the latter commented that in response to journalists hurling criticisms against the government, he would throw hollow blocks at journalists. Ranada has filed a complaint against Nieto with the Kapisanan ng mga Brodkaster ng Pilipinas. Later, Roque in a tweet said, “”To my DDS friends: we will not throw anything at legit journos. Let’s give them hot pan de sal instead. Pls leave Pia Ranada alone! Thx.”
Cases of libel — which remains a criminal offense in the Philippines — have been dismissed or filed against journalists in the last 20 months under Duterte. These include:
On Aug. 22, 2016, a Makati City court ruled in favor of a libel suit filed against the Philippine Daily Inquirer by former Senate President Juan Ponce Enrile;
In June 2016, a regional trial court in Dumaguete, Negros Oriental acquitted dyMD Energy FM anchor Cornelio Pepino, known as Rex Cornelio, of two counts of libel filed by Negros Oriental Governor Roel Degamo.
In August 2016, Quezon Province Governor David “Jayjay” Suarez filed libel charges against three journalists critical of his administration — Senior News Correspondent of the Journal Group of Publications Gemi Formaran, Ang Diaryo Natin publisher Johnny Glorioso, and dzEL Radyo Agila anchor Rico Catampungan. On August 15, a Lucena City regional trial court served all three a total of 3,000-page subpoena for libel.
These acute and direct attempts to harass and muzzle journalists and media freedom have unfolded alongside more benign but equally grave threats to the practice of journalism and the free flow of information in the Philippines today. For instance:
Access to information remains problematic for journalists and media agencies covering the war on drugs. Getting information, especially on sensitive and controversial cases, remains constrained.
Officials and units of the Philippine National Police Police have repeatedly denied requests for spot reports, supposedly on account of the difficulty to copy or reproduce volumes of reports.
PNP chiefs or officers-in-charge have mostly refused to grant interviews about the relevant details of operations conducted against illegal drugs, especially if these details contradict the accounts of the family members of alleged suspects.
A freelance journalist requested copies of spot reports on the cases of those killed during police operations in an entire month. The request was repeatedly denied even as senior police officials had acknowledged that police spot reports are public documents.
Supt. Rolando Gonzales, Pandacan Police Station chief, has repeatedly denied requests for interviews about police operations his unit has conducted, even when sought for comments at the crime scene. He does not respond to questions even in face-to-face encounters with reporters.
On Sept. 13, 2017, the PNP, through its spokesperson Supt. Dionardo Carlos, said that spot reports will not be released to reporters unless the “head of office, his duly [designated] representative, his PIO (public information officer) or his spokesperson” determine that such release will not affect an investigation. He said that the directive restricting journalists from obtaining spot reports was issued as early as Feb. 18, 2014.
Instead of the police being the sole official source of reports on the drug war, a highly unusual and irregular situation has happened. Employees of some funeral parlors have also become the tipsters of journalists on where and when a “Tokhang” operation would occur. In one instance, a reporter got a call from a funeral parlor employee, who said that something was going to happen at around 2 a.m. the next day under the Jones Bridge in Manila. At the appointed hour the next day, reporters discovered the body of a supposed Tokhang victim at the exact same place.
Against their will, media personnel are sometimes compelled by police officers to sign on as witnesses in police anti-drug operations, supposedly as mandated by the law. Media team members are asked to sign on to the police’s inventory reports on the items that had been seized during police operations, in the form and manner that the police had prepared these. This practice exposes media personnel to serious legal implications and real conflict of interest.
In one case, Janelyn and Carmelo Rima, publishers of the community newspaper Island Sandigan, were charged with libel after publishing a story on a drug raid, which they covered and for which officials of the Philippine Drug Enforcement
Newsroom protection for the safety of journalists covering the war on drugs remains lacking. Most newsroom managers seem to consider the coverage of the war on drugs as just a typical police beat assignment. Only a few newsrooms have provided appropriate protective gear or offered hostile-environment training for their reporters and coverage teams.
Yet the risks to which journalists covering the drug war are far too real and can come from a variety of fronts. For instance, the safety of a group of journalists covering an anti-illegal drugs operation in Manila was compromised after a family member of the ‘Tokhang’ victim turned hysterical after finding out that his brother was killed after allegedly fighting back. The knife-wielding family member went distraught while the media teams tarried inside the compound without realizing that police had already left the area.
Psychological trauma overwhelms media coverage teams assigned to the war on drugs on account of their repeated first-hand exposure to revolting images of the dead, the maimed, the enraged, as well as the tremendous grief of the family members of the victims. A number of reporters and photojournalists have reported experiencing intrusive nightmares. Still a few others have reported feeling paranoid about seeing motorcycle men riding in tandem. Too, there are those who have reported feeling desensitized to or unmoved by images of blood and gore. — CMFR, NUJP, PCIJ, 23 November 2017
← Sara Duterte to pursue localized talks with Reds Peace advocates: mothers play big role in countering violent extremism →
Well, it’s been a year and only a few of these journalists died, but one thing is for certain, is NUJP only poiting fingers to PRRD? But in Aquino’s tragic death toll of journalist points to a mastermind? Well, that explains your stupid ego. Paid, so you go silent against pointing it to the Aqunio admin. Now you’re not paid, you point deaths to Duterte? How pathetic. Serves your “journalist”, because they are paid to blackmail private individuals to have their share of money, a dead money. Proves that journalist are not professional, yoy don’t even have a BOARD EXAM FOR PROFESSIONALISM. Yeah, just serves you right. “FREEDOM”, you talk as if YOU MADE FREEDOM, yet you twist words and headlines for your own sake. Not even thinking that you are destroying YOUR OWN COUNTRY. Selfish assholes who are blinded by money, hopefully there would be another maguindanao massacre, but all NUJP journalists would die. Filthy slut journalists. Here have your news eat you you filths!
Good to know. I eat a lot of bread and pasta. Cause its so easy. Always been thin as a rail but often feel tired. I'll try cutting back on that stuff. Need to cut back on the Dr. Pepper too.
I don’t know if you trust me, but, I really would like to appreciate your smashing data close to this good post. Before that I did take the support of essay writers .
Helio Castroneves celebrates his victory by climbing the fence at the finish line after winning the Emerson Indy 250 at Gateway International Raceway.
David J. Franks, Has over 24 years’ experience handling all aspects of agricultural law in Iowa and Illinois (State & Federal environmental Regulation & Nuisance lawsuits).
David’s Agriculture experience involves more than just legal experience. David personally has extensive farming and agricultural related experience.
Copyright © Daw‘an Mud Brick Architecture Foundation 2012. All Rights reserved. Designed & Developed by Born Interactive
Match fruits and vegetables to prepare for harvest time! Help Dr. Atom and Quark to complete the match 3 challenges in this fun action packed game!
Fruita Crush is a fruitful match3 game where you have to combine lots of tasty fruits. Jump in fantastic worlds and master over 100 challenging levels. Connect 3 fruits or more, collect as many points as possible and activate all bonus fruits to beat the highest score. Can you master all levels?
Go on a Crusade! Destroy monsters to score points and unlock levels. Getting as many monsters adjacent to each gets you the most points, so think ahead and have fun.
If you like a good old brain teaser with a stylish minimalistic design, then this word puzzle is just right for you! ! Take a great chance to improve your grammar and spelling skills in this addicting word game!
Quickly link and clear these alien Burdies from the grid! Enjoy this action puzzle game with fun powerups.
Welcome to CoolGames.com, where you can play the very best free HTML5 games available. We update our catalogue as often as possible with new free games so make sure you check back frequently!
CoolGames is the front-runner in the development and distribution of free HTML5 games. We develop casual and social games within our in-house Game Studio and distribute games from third-party developers. Reaching millions of gamers every month.
Old Fashioned Home Skin Care is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Bed and Breakfasts in Ireland Hotels Guest Houses Bed and Breakfast Cottages Self Catering Holiday Accommodation
Perfectly located halfway between Dublin Airport and Dublin City Centre ( 8 minutes from both ) award winning Irish Tourist Board and Dublin Tourism approved 3 star B&B whose hosts are qualified 5 star Hotel Managers/Dublin Tour Operators over 16 years helping worldwide visitors plan...[more]
Facilities: Complimentary private car park,hairdryers,tea/coffee,iron & ironing board,plug adaptors,alarm clocks etc...
Georgian farmhouse on 200 acre working farm. � mile of a private driveway to house. Bord Failte Approved and recommended by major guide books - A.A., Georgina Campbell, Friendly Homes and Hidden Places.
Facilities: Credit Cards. En-suite rooms. Small & homely. Maximum no of guests 6-8. Prior booking advisable and appreciated.
A charming country house, with a friendly and relaxed atmosphere, excellent home-cooked food and wine list, en-suite rooms, tennis court, sauna, conference facilities.
Superbly located in woodland on the shores of Killary Harbour, near Leenane, sister company of the Killary Adventure...[more]
Facilities: All our 21 bedrooms have private bathroom facilities, are spacious, flooded with light and some of them enjoy magnificent views. The furniture is hand-crafted from solid wood. Telephones are in each of the bedrooms, but no televisions as a matter of policy. A comfortable, cosy lounge with log-fire, board-games and plenty of books encourage our guests to converse with each other or to simply relax with a good book.
We have a selection of double and twin bedrooms as well as family rooms, and for single travellers we offer our single bedrooms at no extra cost.
Highfield House is an elegant 18th century period residence situated on an elevated site, overlooking Trim Castle and the River Boyne. Located in a perfect position for you to enjoy the magnificent views of medieval Trim, the historic Boyne Valley including nearby Newgrange, Hill...[more]
Facilities: Seven spacious en suite guest rooms with colour TV, direct dial telephone and tea/coffee making facilities.
A comprehensive listing of hotels, guest houses, bed and breakfast (b&b's), self catering, and caravan parks
Iphone Plus Ohne Vertrag is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Ball Square Cafe Yelp is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Sam S Club Cafe Hours is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: http://www.cranhill-pri.glasgow.sch.uk/Websites/SchPriCranhill/UserFiles/image/2011/French Cafe/SAM_0600.JPG
Www Caf Fr Bon Vacances is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Etymology: Rhinogobius: Greek, rhinos = nose + Latin, gobius = gudgeon (Ref. 45335); wangchuangensis: The specific name wangchuangensis is derived from that of the Wangchuang River in whose catchment the type locality is situated.
Dorsal spines (total): 5 - 8; Dorsal soft rays (total): 7-8; Anal spines: 1; Anal soft rays: 5 - 8; Vertebrae: 27. Diagnosis: Second dorsal fin rays I/7-8; anal fin rays I/5-8; pectoral fin rays 15-16. Scales in lateral series 8-10; predorsal scales 3-4; vertebrae (including urostyle) 27. First dorsal fin rays without filamentous extensions. Anal fin origin below interval between origins of second and third branched rays of second dorsal fin. Distance between pores and about equal to the gap between the two oculoscapular canals. Body with seven or eight squarish, dark-grey bars, usually wider than their interspaces. Cheek and opercle with two oblong black spots near lower edge of cheek in male. Branchiostegal membrane dark grey with eight to thirteen orange-red spots in male. Basal part of pectoral fin with deep black spot (Ref. 52293).
Bayesian length-weight: a=0.00871 (0.00392 - 0.01936), b=3.06 (2.87 - 3.25), in cm Total Length, based on LWR estimates for this (Sub)family-body shape (Ref. 93245).
Nothing is known of its habitat and biology (Ref. 5222). Absence of additional specimens is puzzling. The only specimen was obtained from the natives of Tongatapu by J. Quoy and P. Gaimard during the expedition of J. Dumont d'Urville, 1826-1829.
Bayesian length-weight: a=0.01148 (0.00553 - 0.02385), b=3.04 (2.88 - 3.20), in cm Total Length, based on LWR estimates for this Genus-body shape (Ref. 93245).
As for authority, people nowadays don't really like the terms authority and discipline. Equality and freedom are generally more to their liking. How 'bout you? I admit, I felt a subtle twinge of revolt upon utterance of the former two terms and an immediate corresponding sense of relief at mention of the latter. As progeny of Eden, it comes naturally I guess. I wonder though, if we can't come to terms with both and perhaps even work out some synergy between the two apparently opposite values?
(I am assuming that everyone entrusted with the bringing up of children recognizes the supreme Authority to Whom we are subject; without this recognition I do not see how it is possible to establish the nice relation which should exist between teacher and taught.) [*]
hortatory = tending or aiming to exhort, ie, lecturing (which I don't use in this post for reasons that should be obvious)
Those in authority must govern as those also under authority... this fact should be discernible. [*]
A child does in fact have authority... over himself; to make himself attend, to make himself to know.
Oh and if you find that you forget what docility means, refer to your dictionary or resort back to the spoiler right above here.
It is heroism, that makes our hearts swell, produces a lump in the throat, even prompts tears, that we read about in a man who obeys orders (authority), at peril of his own life, to save friend, family or sovereign. 'Proud subjection and dignified obedience' is that which distinguishes great men and noble citizens. The higher the authority, the greater distinction in obedience.