1. & 2. Corinthians. The plight to be solved in Corinthians is people’s sins (1. Cor. 15:3, 7). Only option for salvation is the apostolic kerygma. God’s elect and those who believe is made effective through the proclamation of the Gospel and human response of faith. The language of justification is not prominent but present. The divine exchange: Christ’s righteousness for human sins. (2. Cor 5:21) Does Corinthians affirm “Justification by faith and apart from works”? Essentially yes, formulaically not.
Galatians. The righteousness language is prominent. According to Westerholm “the fundamental question addressed by Galatians thus is not “What is wrong with Judaism (or the Sinaitic law)” but “what is wrong with humanity that Judaism (and the Sinaitic law) cannot remedy?” (p. 381)
Romans. The problem of human being is that they have exchanged God’s glory for images. All the humans should recognize God and give him honor and thanks. The first section does not talk about Jews, but hardly exclude them. The entire humanity is under the sin which makes them unrighteous. Rom 3:21-26 is the primary text on God’s righteousness. Sinners are freely declared righteous by his grace through the redemption brought about by Christ. Christ’s death vindicates God’s righteousness and satisfies his peace. This is not based on the observance of the law but by the principle of faith. Romans is “Lutheran” because it emphasizes the righteousness gained by grace through faith. It is true that the Reformers may emphasize certain parts more than Paul, yet the idea is same. Paul doe not necessary talk as clearly about the role of the law as Luther, yet still he emphasizes the total depravity of the human person.
Philippians. (Primarily 3:2-11). Salvation is from God, away from crooked generation, started by God, finished by God, granted by God to believe, resulting believers to please God and enable to do so. The believers need to work out the salvation, yet God is doing it behind the scenes. While Paul was “blameless” before the conversion, he considered all the things done before Christ as “the realm of the flesh”.
Ephesians, Pastorals, and James. Not saved by good works but for them. Eph 2:8-9 is in line with Romans and Galatians. It is unfortunate that scholars as dismissing these letters from discussion whether they are Pauline or post-Pauline. He claims to see the theme of justification by faith from the sinfulness by the work of Christ in all letters, some more explicit than others.
According to Westerholm, a seeming paradox shadows the Pauline understanding of the law: Believers are not under the law, but they fulfill it. If one focuses solely on the former, he becomes an antinomian, if only the latter, a legalist!
1. Thesis: Human beings find themselves in an ordered world not of their making, with the capacity to acknowledge or deny their dependency on the Creator, to conform or to defy the wise ordering of his creation. Life and divine favor are enjoyed by those who fear the Lord and do good. Those who reject what is good and do what is “wise in their eyes” court disaster. (Rom 1:18-2:11)
2. Thesis: The law of Moses articulates the appropriate human response to life in God’s creation. It is a divine gift to Israel, a signal token of God’s favor to his people. (Rom 2:12-29)
3. Thesis: The law of Moses contains ordinances binding only on Jews; their observance has marked Jews off from other nations as God’s people.
5. Thesis: For Adamic human beings the law cannot serve as the path to righteousness and life (Only after we see Christ, we see our own depravity.
6. Thesis: The giving of the law served to highlight, at the same time as it exacerbated, human bondage to sin.
7. Thesis: The righteousness of God revealed in Christ Jesus is operative apart from law. Those who continue to pursue the righteousness of the law mistakenly attribute to the works of their unredeemed flesh a role in securing divine approval.
The New perspective emphasizes that Judaism was not “legalistic” in the first century. Jews did not think that they earned salvation; rather, God’s goodness was in their life because they had a covenant with God and they wanted to respond by fulfilling those requirements. Westerholm defines the issues as “whether justification by faith, not by works of the law means sinners find God’s approval by grace, through faith, not by anything they do, or whether its thrust is that Gentiles are included in the people of God by faith without the bother if becoming Jews” (p. 445).
In his writing, it becomes quite apparent that he is trying to convince his readers that the Old Perspective to read Paul is the correct one. He does this first by describing different scholars’ views on the topic and then arguing from the text for the traditional understanding. This book is very informative and includes and capitalizes a plethora of scholars and their understanding of Pauline Gospel. The assessment of the scholars seem to be balanced, not overly critical, yet constructive most of the times.
In his exegetical part, he discusses all the relevant Pauline text and tries to persuade his reader with the Old perspective. I think that he is quite successful.
The conversation still continues still. At the moment N.T. Wright and John Piper are dialoging about it. Piper wrote a book: A future of justification as a direct response to Wright. Wright's response to this, Justification: God's Plan and Paul's Vision was published in February 2009.
The book caused me to have one central question: what is the core of Paul’s theology. Is it God’s grace to save totally corrupted sinners or God’s grace to erase ethnic boundaries? The recent conversation in past decades has focused on so much on this issue that one may wonder if indeed the nucleus is indeed somewhere else. When I read constantly Paul’s epistles through, I have started asking the question: Maybe Paul’s central thought is God’s glory in Christ. Could it be that the entire conversation is a little misguided from the beginning? After doing initial research on this topic, I noticed that virtually no research has been done on this topic.[2] I will investigate this possibility.
I will warmly recommend this book to everyone who wants read himself into the discussion on New Perspective on Paul.
[1] Stephen Westerholm (born in 1949) is a Canadian scholar and associate professor of biblical studies at McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario. He received BA and MA degrees from the University of Toronto and a ThD from the University of Lund (Sweden). He has has recently contributed an article to The Nordic Paul. Finnish Approaches to Pauline Theology (eds. Lars Aejmelaeus and Antti Mustakallio, 2008).
fuck word taboo and protecting our first amendment liberties no short description fuck word taboo and protecting our first amendment liberties because this is pdf file PDF file
fuck word taboo and protecting our first amendment liberties no short description fuck word taboo and protecting our first amendment liberties because this is doc file DOC file
cases and exercises in organization development and change no short description cases and exercises in organization development and change because this is pdf file PDF file
cases and exercises in organization development and change no short description cases and exercises in organization development and change because this is doc file DOC file
sample sponsorship letter for festival no short description sample sponsorship letter for festival because this is pdf file PDF file
sample sponsorship letter for festival no short description sample sponsorship letter for festival because this is doc file DOC file
the glorious pasta of italy by marchetti domenica 5182011 no short description the glorious pasta of italy by marchetti domenica 5182011 because this is pdf file PDF file
the glorious pasta of italy by marchetti domenica 5182011 no short description the glorious pasta of italy by marchetti domenica 5182011 because this is doc file DOC file
the doula book how a trained labor companion can help you have a shorter easier and healthier birth a merloyd no short description the doula book how a trained labor companion can help you have a shorter easier and healthier birth a merloyd because this is pdf file PDF file
the doula book how a trained labor companion can help you have a shorter easier and healthier birth a merloyd no short description the doula book how a trained labor companion can help you have a shorter easier and healthier birth a merloyd because this is doc file DOC file
80.0% "But this doesn't mean that there were strikes which were going like 5 out of 5... as for raiting...
as first these should be a reason why I am going to keep the raiting 5 out of 5... but still there were times in which I wanted to put one star down... like 4 out of 5..."
25.0% "Clive Barker, this son of bitch fucking likes to play with people's minds... first playing with the scenes for example people making sex... then comes the moment in which PARANORMAL... PARANOIA... stikes... then... they just wake up... from a dream..
5.0% "Ben Ten has been my favourite Animem series from very long time... I mean when I was 6-7 Years old... up to 10-11... I was watching it...
I just liked the idea of how it was build... you press your watch and you become some kinda alien... - Just a fucking Crazy Concept."
You either read something which you know or something which you don't know... I choose something which I don't know... Candy Man something common like the cock-roach man from Ben Ten."
5.0% "It has been a while seens... I have been to a work by Clive Barker... the priovious was the candy man... kinda a typical story... already very common scenario.. .but this here work Books of Blood is whole new different level."
Note: What Fucks me up is Passages, paragraphs and everything around works by Clive Barker... first what can be saw is that as always he safes few cards in his back pockets...
He reveals the story little by little ... piece by piece... and sometimes can be detected that he makes a wrong move other... he suprises his readers.
home loans in hyderabad Archives - Ezeeloans - Home Loans - Mortgage Loans - Personal Loans - Vehicle Loans - Car Loans - Business Loans
Home Loan in Hyderabad and Bangalore Home Loans from Ezeeloans : Owning your Dream House is made easy now with ezeeloans. Buying a Home is a life time decision. Many feel settled in life only when they have their own home. It gives a special satisfaction staying in own home. But how many can afford…
Home Loanshome loans in hyderabad, housing loans, housing loans in bangalore, housing loans in hyderabad
Welcome to the google satellite map! This is situated in Ostan e Tehran, افغانستان. Original name (with diacritics) of the place is . See photos and images from satellite below, explore the aerial photographs of area. This placemark was added .
Singles. Date and find singles is the best online singles dating directory of local dating sites and personals for meeting and dating singles in your area.
A fountain pen is an instrument which is used for writing purpose. Now a day a fountain pen is an essential
article of the educated men of all ages. Students and educated men can not do a single moment without a fountain pen. It has earned much popularity. It has two parts- the main body and the cap. The main body holds the nib. It is hollow inside and holds ink in its hollow body. Again there is a rubber tube in the hollow bodies of some fountain pens. This rubber tube contains ink. The cap has a clip attached to its end. It protects the nib from the clip one holds a fountain pen on the edge of his pocket. The fountain pens are of different colours, shapes and sizes.
From THE POLAR EXPRESS™ Train Ride to Holiday Activations at Area Stations, Brightline Is Your Ticket to Enjoying the Season's Best ...
New “Buzzer Beater” train service aims to be South Florida's best and easiest way to get to and from Miami HEAT games at AmericanAirlines Aren ...
Nation's only privately owned, operated and maintained intercity passenger rail service will debut quarterly magazine “Go” on all trains and platforms in partnership with PPI Group Fort Lauderdale,...
Company to make Avis and Zipcar vehicles available at train stations in Miami, Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach to enable last-mile connectivit ...
Second Edition of Rail Service's Premier Culinary Experience to Feature Antinori Family Winery MIAMI, Fla. (October 1, 2018) Brightline, Florida's new hospitality-focused express, intercity passenger ...
Brightline and South Florida's passenger and freight rail providers are highlighting the importance of being safe around railroad tracks during the second annual National Rail Safety Week taking place ...
Brightline, Florida's new hospitality-focused express, intercity passenger rail service, is encouraging South Florida to celebrate World Car Free Day by launching the Get out of Your Car Challenge. People ...
Brightline to Acquire XpressWest and Develop the Second Privately Funded Corridor in the United States ...
Florida East Coast Industries (FECI) and Lincoln Property Company (LPC) have hired Strategic Retail Advisors (SRA) to lead retail leasing for their new mixed-use luxury apartment and retail tower, Park-...
By far the most convenient deluxe resort in Pattaya. Located on Beach Road, in the very centre of town, amid 14 acres of lush landscaped gardens, Pattaya Marriott Resort & Spa provides the perfect vantage point for holiday or business in Pattaya. You are just a few steps from the beach, shops, and restaurants, and yet, once you enter our open-air lobby, appointed in Thai and Burmese statuary, painting and tapestries, you are clearly inside a self-contained resort oasis.
3. For booking made less than 7 days prior to arrival, please submit your credit card details in order to guarantee your reservation. If no credit card details provided, booking will not be processed.
- Once booking is confirmed, we will automatic charge from your credit card details provided for total amount.
- If booking is not confirm, there will be no charge on your credit card for the processing fee at all.
All of the resort's rooms are furnished to a very high standard with the emphasis on quality. Every room will have all the facilities you would expect including mini bar, coffee/tea making, T.V., music and everything you need to make your stay as comfortable as possible.
Experience the comforts of a truly regal home. In addition, each room has its own terrace or balcony with serene garden and ocean views. You will probably find yourself out here quite often enjoying the exceptionally pleasant ambiance.
Click here to enjoy our Special Rate for Pattaya Hotels. You can get directions by the hotel's map and to print out for Hotel's Address.
Travel Thailand major city, Online reservations service for hotels in Phuket & information on Phuket, make your booking at discount rates for Phuket hotels
All	A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z All A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
This painting has been finished for almost 3 months and through one thing or another I haven't been able to find the time to get it up on my blog.
This is my first oil painting in 27 years. I expect more to come, though I'm not giving up acrylics. Using one medium really makes me appreciate the other.
The "framed" drawing is a funny pad of paper my daughter has where every page has a different frame printed on it. We were drawing together one morning with her markers and my other daughter decided to add to my sketch with some smashed up strawberry. I like what it adds to it.
Blog Archive June 2014 (2) April 2014 (2) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (4) November 2013 (1) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (1) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (4) November 2012 (2) October 2012 (1) August 2012 (2) May 2012 (4) April 2012 (2) March 2012 (3) February 2012 (1) January 2012 (2) December 2011 (3) November 2011 (2) October 2011 (3) September 2011 (3) May 2011 (1) April 2011 (1) March 2011 (3) February 2011 (2) January 2011 (2) December 2010 (3) November 2010 (1) August 2010 (2) July 2010 (3) June 2010 (2) March 2010 (1) February 2010 (1) December 2009 (1) November 2009 (1) October 2009 (2) August 2009 (2) July 2009 (2) June 2009 (2) May 2009 (3) April 2009 (2) February 2009 (2) January 2009 (3) November 2008 (1) October 2008 (3) September 2008 (3) August 2008 (4) July 2008 (3) June 2008 (2) May 2008 (2) April 2008 (3) March 2008 (1) February 2008 (1) January 2008 (8) December 2007 (5) November 2007 (1) August 2007 (3) July 2007 (2) June 2007 (1) May 2007 (3) April 2007 (6) March 2007 (3) February 2007 (3) January 2007 (3) December 2006 (1) November 2006 (5) October 2006 (6) September 2006 (3) August 2006 (4) July 2006 (10) June 2006 (11) May 2006 (8) April 2006 (10) March 2006 (3) February 2006 (11) January 2006 (6) December 2005 (3) November 2005 (12)
Hi guys, just letting you know. We've had to install a mod to prevent bots trying to login to the forum. The mod changes the login page so that you have to use your email address instead of your username.
If you have forgetten your email address you need to email admin@jphip.net and we'll try help you out.
AKB48's 49th single #好きなんだ (yes, the hashtag is part of the title, and they sing the word "hashtag".
Bring the family back together with an eco-friendly cost-effective hassle free gas powered fireplace to warm up any season.
McLenaghan, the daughter of Rough Fenway Racing owner Jack Roush who took out his own racing title in 1971, was packing 700 horsepower in her high-performance propane driven Mustang at the 10th annual FuelLab NMCA World Street Finals.
Farmer's Energy Propane Plus is located at 175 Donnelley Drive just off of HWY 68/80 before the Veterans Outer Loop. Come in to see our new showroom of fireplaces, grills, and smokers.
You can find us on facebook for special offers and important information. All you have to do is "like" our page for updates.
We now have a youtube channel showcasing our products in action. Watch live videos of some of our products.
Need assistance? Find out how. Residential, Commercial and Industrial assistance available.Tax credits, rebates, and financial assistance for your energy needs.
Farmers Energy Propane Plus is a proud member of the Glasgow-Barren County Chamber of Commerce and the Home Builders Association of Kentucky.
Locally owned & operated subsidary of Farmers RECC. A community-oriented Kentucky business. Our staff is here to assist you in all your propane needs. Compare our pricing and service, you will see why others choose Farmers Energy Propane Plus. Our products and services include:
Getting things done, solve every grandmas, started my day with long a to-do list daily. I'd suggest porn issue with things reddit specifically bug you podn most.
We don't have many nights out and he does sleep when he can but he has a reddit ego and so grandma grandma in bed is a priority for him.
Nuvid double penetration wife party. Xhamster big black reddit wife sissy. Xhamster boobs porn gfandma. Anyporn milf white drilling.
The Carnival World Buffet is definitely a place to check out. Almost every food nationality is represented. Pizza, Stir Fry, Sushi, Crab, Shrimp and more. The breakfast buffet is also good. The best bet is to get to the Rio right before Dinner starts and save a couple of dollars. We usually eat a late breakfast which consists of Eggs Benedict and wait for the Sushi to show up. You can also get Rio Coupons or line passes if you ask the staff. If you have never been to the Carnival World Buffet, put is on your list of things to do while in Las Vegas.
We are looking for trainers who want to join a team of over 250 years experience! How many years can you get us up to? How much enthusiasm do you have for training? Are you a high calibre professional?
We are always looking for support and lead trainers with exceptional enthusiam and talent. If you want to join us send your CV to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. We have a VeinTrain bank with team members who become integral to the team. Sarah's team ranges from 20 years working alongside her to new fresh people with 38 years experince who can offer solid and sound expertise. Some of our bank and contractor members soon become essential to our team and integral to how we operate. Peter McLaughlin joined us during a hectic time but has shown consistent high level supervision to delegates and our team. We consider him one of our core team members. Others join us as they have time, like Ali and Dr Tanner who has worked with Sarah for 20 years and are always welcome. Then we have associates who come and join us as their career develops and expertise grows or availabilty increases.
Supervisors work under the lead trainers helping with the day and supervising during clinical workstations on the simulation equipments
Lead Supervisors, support other trainers, supervisors to ensure standardisation and consistency of training.
Event Training Leads take charge of whole events, including mult-room or whole event co-rdination and skill mix management, sponsor support, HQ standardisation assurance, hosptiablity liason and reporting back to HQ. In this role you must show exceptional management skills as well as specialist knowlde and skill in one or more of the vascular access skills.
http://www.veintrain.co.uk/index.php/webinars-2/webinars-2/4-webinars-v-c/51-webinar-vc-ap?pop=1&tmpl=component#sigProId5b65098af1
Requirements: Graduated in nursing or related disciplines, knowledge of current issues in the profession and practice of nursing, knowledge of the scope of post-registration professional practice. Expert in venepuncture and cannulation and teaching or facilitation experience, IT Literate.
Applications: To apply please This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. and let us know a little bit about what you do and your previous experience. Please attach an up-to-date CV in order to progress your application more quickly.
Job Description: Vein Train Ltd are looking to recruit keen individuals committed to teaching best practice methods in accordance with Vein Train teaching methods. We offer competitive hourly rates based on your qualifications, capabilities and previous experience and offer lots of flexibility to fit in around your other commitments. The position will require some travel and possible occasional overnight stays, travel and hotel expenses will be reimbursed.
Requirements: Applicants must be qualified and registered with the relevant UK bodies and have minimum 1 year experience practising on patients. For further information, requirements, responsibilities and duties please fill in the application form.
B og C kan du se helt bort fra, men A skal slås fra, inden du går ind, og den skal slås til, hvis du er den sidste, der forlader VB Parken – husk også at låse/lukke alle døre/vinduer.
Hello everyone! My name is Vanessa of your dreams, Sublime beauty, attractive, attentive and ideal to come to spend a pleasant moment of complete massage in my company.. For only
It was a double studio album with songs linked by recurring themes, it had one track in excess of 12 minutes long, spoken-word passages, orchestral passages, and guest appearances by three members of YES!
Say the above sentence to somebody without revealing the name of the band or the album and ask them to guess which genre it belongs to
And with the exception of Yes members, that could describe many soundtracks to films. And the sound of music wasn't prog
Oh, come now - since when have Yes not fallen squarely into the prog category? Even 90125 was well and truly in the progressive rock category, despite all the sampling and shiny digital synth . Generally speaking (present company excepted, Colin! ) the only people who tend to dismiss the Rabin-era Yes as "not prog" are the sort of prog fans who think that unless it's all Mellotrons and 10-minute-plus songs, it ain't prog. By that yardstick, practically nothing released since 1976 counts as prog...
As far as the Frankie Goes To Hollywood question is concerned... Classic Rock Presents Prog magazine certainly seemed to think it counted as prog (it was one of their "It's prog, Jim, But Not As We Know It" albums a while back). I don't know if I'd go quite that far, but if fixing the prog label to it gets some people who might otherwise not have given it a chance to listen to it and broaden their horizons a bit, then hey, I'm all for it .
I'd say Drama was prog though, which was also FGTH time. But having prog people doesn't make an album prog in itself. I rather like WTTPD - I keep trying to persuade myself I don't, but it keeps going back up my album list...
The Prodigy Soup Co. is doing a little self-reimagining here, but if you want us to help bring your big ideas to life, then you can still reach us at: projects@prodigysoup.com.
• Direct Client to Client (DCC), aka file sending or file sharing, allows clients to send files back and forth (peer to peer) without taxing server resources
• Administrators have full control of filetype sending – for instance allowing text files and document files – *.txt and *.doc – while preventing executable and installation packages – *.exe and *.msi, along with the option to disable file sending completely
• Secure Direct Client to Client (SDCC) file sending, with compatible clients, adds to this feature by allowing transfers files across SSL/TLS, encrypting the file transfer with a private key after a public key handshake
•	Engineered capabilities to merge two or more geographically separated, online and available server access points, or dedicated server, fully mirrored backups, mitigating local site failure impacts on the rest of the chat world
•	In concert with administrative DNS change this backup capability provides swift and seamless automatic failover; minimizing downtime, requiring no setting changes on end user clients, and allowing the warfighter to continue mission essential operations in the event of a network or primary server outage
•	One server, or a series of servers, can be configured as spares in the data replication scheme providing even further redundancy in the event of an outage
Developed to work with any IRC client in government and tactical mission environments that require cross-network or cross-community processing
Federated Chat Links are created between two or more servers via dedicated server-to-server links, optionally encrypted and compressed, to create in-network redundancy and enable multi-community communications as needed
Designed to work optimally with a client’s enhanced SSL and Security capabilities to comply with security needs across a wide range of network setups using configurable port mapping and encryption options
Engineered and Configurable to work with XMPP Cross Domain, Multi Community Network Models in order to create secure bridged communications between diverse groups and networks
The Obama administration risks overseeing the largest tax increase inhistory if it allows the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts to expire at the endof the year. Low-income families will see their income tax rate jump fivepercentage points, while everyone else will see increases of three to4.6 percentage points. Capital gains and dividends tax rates -currently 15 percent for most investors - will leap to 20percent and 39.6 percent, respectively. The death tax, which isfinally gone, will be re-imposed at a 55 percent rate.Not only would these increases hurt families during stable times, butthey will further devastate our already-wobbling economy. Instead ofraising taxes to previous high levels, which will dolittle to control the rising deficit, lawmakers should tighten theirbelts and rein in spending. Tax hikes only encourage morespending and higher deficits.
Q. What is your brother-in-law's name?A. Borofkin.Q. What's his first name?A. I can't remember.Q. He's been your brother-in-law for years, and you can't remember hisfirst name?A. No. I tell you I'm too excited. (Rising from the witness chairand pointing to Mr. Borofkin) Nathan, for God's sake, tell them yourfirst name!Q. Did you ever spend the night with this man in New York?A. I refuse to answer that question.Q. Did you ever spend the night with this man in Chicago?A. I refuse to answer that question.Q. Did you ever spend the night with this man in Miami?A. No.Q. Now Mrs.Johnson, how was your first marriage terminated?A. By death.Q. And by whose death was it terminated?Q. Doctor, did you say he was shot in the woods?A. No, I said he was shot in the lumbar region.Q. What is your name?A. Ernestine McDowell.Q. And what is your marriage status?A. Fair.Q. Are you married?A. No, I'm divorced.Q. And what did you husband do before you divorced him?A. A lot of things I didn't know about.Q. And
(Julie Snyder)I want to start this prayer chain for the family and friends of Julie Snyder, age 21, that was shot and killed in Springfield, Ohio. May God give them the strength they need to get through this tragedy. I pray that her soul may rest in peace. Please keep this prayer chain going by re-posting it on your wall. Prayer is the most powerful thing! Let go and Let God!!!!!!!!! God Bless you all!on Monday
Damn you are fine, I will have to find some time. maybe after all these years, I will hold my tears. mabe this relationship will last, hopefully, it won't be like the past. baby i hope you find me true, because i want to be with you. baby, i can learn, please,....... not another burn....
i'm slowly but frequently having Nate out of my mind. it's okay to be upset. maybe i need a week, month, year to not talk to him. i need serenity and tranquility. the way i can get simplicity me trying to better myself.i should live my young life without being serious. I'm only 21. what's to say that god may have a rewarding future for me. patience isn't my strong point. neither is being open. i have talked to other guys on the net. they all seem like horny dogs.. what part of i want charming guys do you not understand? i know men was born to mate, but it does hurt to show intelligence every now and then? it seems like women have to teach guys what's wrong and right. i wish it was instant to know a woman's motives. but i do understand guys isn't always to blame.women hurt the good guys , which causes misjudgment of when a good girl tries to woo/love him.it's human nature to develop special feelings for another. it's a problem if you cant stop committing infidelity but 'im not going to
Ok, I have to ask this.... Why do people bother running? I have yet to have anyone succeed in getting away. 90% of the time I know who it is from the start, yet they still try. So, anyone understand how running could possibly make sense when it just adds more charges to the original problem?
[url=http://www.youthink.com/quiz.cfm?action=go_detail⊂_action=take&obj_id=1726]Which type of Lesbian are you?[/url] My Results: [url=http://www.youthink.com/quiz.cfm?action=go_detail⊂_action=take&obj_id=1726][img]http://www.youthink.com/quiz_images/quiz1726outcome2.jpg[/img][/url]Femme You are the second most common type of lesbian. You probably think you don`t fit any stereotype at all. Well, you`re wrong. You love a woman in charge, but when it comes to all things girly, you definatley wear the pants. Er... skirt. Just post the first link into your browser girls.
The other day I started getting messages from an unknown person. Of course it's a new profile with no picture or anything. Here are the messages in the order I got them. 5/19 subject: hi i guess you get to be mikes (BLS) news victim to be date raped and put down, but how much do drugies and drunks and guys with no job turn you on, gl with him and have fun going through everything that he put me through subject: ps lets also not forget how he don't have a car cus hes a drunk and can't drive with out crashing subject: pss while you at things with mike be sure and ask him about how quickly he forgot about the 100+ cams in wal-mart where he works to prove the harrassment he gave to me but anyway i am done gl you have ha
Ok so i really do keep up on what i can with friends to the point that if i dont get everyone a rate or gift the same day i come back and as far as i know I try very hard not to offend anyone yet it seems funny how ppl will be here then just like that not only are they gone from my page but they seem to disapear from fubar lol oh well I did say if you dont like me or what i stand for move along. Just kinsa irrating when I honestly dont think i did anything to them so be it funny though huh? Ok well guess thats that.
If roses grow in Heaven, Lord, pick a bunch for me. Place them in my Dad's arms and tell him they're from me. Tell him that I love him and miss him, and when he turns to smile,place a kiss upon his check and hold him for awhile. Because remembering him is easy, I do it every day. There's an ache inside my heart that will never go away. If your Dad is in Heaven copy and paste this I Love You Dad!
Having sex can reduce a fever because of the sweat produced. Sex is also a pain reliever, ten times more effective than Valium: immediately before orgasm, levels of the hormone oxytocin rise by five times, determining a huge release of endorphins. These chemicals calm pain, from a minor headache to arthritis or migraines, and with no secondary effects. Migraines also disappear because the pressure in the brain's blood vessels is lowered while we have sex. So now we see that actually, a woman's headache is rather a good reason for having sex, not against it. - OMG Facts.
When a knight won his spurs in the stories of old He was gentle and brave he was gallant and bold With a shield on his arm and a lance in his hand For God and for valour he rode through the land No charger have I, and no sword by my side Yet still to adventure and battle I ride Though back into storyland giants have fled And the knights are no more and the dragons are dead Let faith be my shield and let joy be my steed Against the dragons of anger the ogres of greed And let me set free with the sword of my youth From the castles of darkness the power of truth
Sweet Emotion i'm missing you alreadyyou're simply a memory silence in a crowded roomthat's calling out to me a distant cry inside of my heartalways tracks me down it will never want to partit will never let me down thorns of emotionsting me everyday they remind me of youand tell me to stay tears of sweet hoperun down my young face they sing to me softlyand show me your face sorrow fills my empty souland tuck me in at night
L-O-v-E I have been waiting for so long,To finally find where I belong. By the time of the last dawn,They'll all turn and I'll be gone. You never came to me,You never came to set me free. So I had to go to you,To find why you were hiding too. I got myself a little scared,When I saw you standing there. So this is what I did,I gave my last and only bid. For us to meet at three,And soon did we see. That I was meant for you,But were you meant for me too. The question is will we talk,Or could we maybe walk. Yet is to be known,The choice has yet to be thrown.
I just called it off with the guy that I was dating. he only wanted to see me during the week and not during the weekends. something is just not right and I have to trust myself on this one. it hurts like hell. but I will get over it.
you live can be boring but here is some advice........ masterbation is alot like procratination cause in the beginning it sounds like a good idea but in the end you realise you are just f**king yourself
saturday may 22, 2010 5:06am When it all ends Current mood: contemplative y when things go down hill it is always easier to place blame and point the finger at the significant other saying it was there fault,, when it was two that caused it all ,,, u and 1 other went into this thing we call a relationship and tried to make the best of it but alas epic fail ,,, thne comes the prolonged draggin it all out cuz neither thinks they can make it by themselves and and hate to be alone and r better off dealing with there misery untill the next oppurtunity comes along that seems to be better than the last and they jump on it ,,,and then start pointing the fingers and when the accusations go flying shit goes out the window and it is never there fault it was always the other,,,, then comes to the he laborous task of trying to erase feelings and deal with them ,,,, then on both sides new relationships form and they can nvr stack up to waht u had which always makes u regret said decision,,,
[Unknown Woman:]I fuck you because you're famous.I fuck you for your money.I fuck you to control you.I fuck you so someday I can have half of everything you own.I fuck you to fuck you over.I fuck you 'til I find someone better.I fuck you in secret.I fuck you because I can't remember if I already fucked you before.I fuck you out of boredom.I fuck you because I can't feel it anyway.I fuck you to make the pain go away.[Manson:]Fuck you because I loved youFuck you for loving you tooI don't need a reason to hate you the way I do.Fuck you because I loved youFuck you for loving you tooI don't need a reason to hate you the way I do.HATE YOU THE WAY I DO.[Unknown Woman:]I fuck you so I can feel something instead of nothing at all.I fuck you because you're beautiful.I fuck you because you're my nigger.I fuck you because I am your whore.I fuck you because you are a whore.I fuck you for fun.I fuck you for fun.I fuck you because I can.I fuck you so I have a place to stay.I fuck you so you will prot
You know, so often we complain and moan and groan about this screwed up country in which we live (believe me, I am to blame also). We don't take time to think of the positive things we do have (believe me, I am to blame also). A couple of days ago, I read an article in the Times that upset me pretty badly and made me think about the positive things we have, though not complete nor perfect, just better than some have it. Today (Friday) in the Times, I read the follow up to the article and just completely was astonished, bewildered and frankly angry. In the country, Malawi (don't ask, don't know where it is and never heard of it either), two men (a loving couple) were taken to court and sentenced to 14 years (the maximum) in prison with hard labor. Their crime, homosexuality. "The harsh sentence for unnatural acts and gross indecency had been expected after the same judge convicted the two men earlier this week under laws dating from the colonial era. The case has drawn inte
Ten Years Gone Better to have loved and lost, than to never have loved at all. Bullshit. At least if I didn’t love her then my pain would be less. Maybe even non-existent. I know that things didn’t work out the way we planned. I know I wasn’t keeping my end of the deal. But at least I know I’m not the only one. There are many people out there that are going through the same situation as I am. It seems to me more and more everyday that people get married with the idea that every day after is going to be the best day of their lives. Well I don’t know what fairy tale world their living in but it would be nice to think that way and actually believe it. The thing is I used to be that way. My marriage was great and I loved her every moment, everything I did was for her and my children. Every job I ever had, every penny I scrapped to save, every house or apartment we ever moved to was all up to me, and I did it willingly for my family. But when
Ok so most of you don't know but May is a very rough month for me... 15 years ago this May 24th I lost a very very dear and close friend of mine... He had talked to me on the phone for over an hour the night before and he was fine.... The next day I find out he killed himself... I should have known, should have been able to sense something was going on or was going through his head but I didn't and I failed him.... To those who would say there was nothing I could have done you have no idea because I should have been able to do something, anything and I never even knew.... Some of you will think or say quit bitching and moaning about it and get over it to you I say has someone you loved ever killed themselves 10 minutes after talking to you?..... I felt I needed to post this so those of you I speak to often on here don't wonder what's wrong over the next week cause I will not be myself and I will be as fucked up as I can possibly be.....I'll do what I do every year....Pack a bowl or two
Maybe i'm too dense, maybe i'm to fouled up to understand. I get visitors to my profile, i message users who are in my "match" range but yet no responses. It seems to be the same thing with answering personal add's. I write a response and start a conversation and get nothing from it. After about two or three responses i cant get anything else out of that person. I have said nothing inappropriate, mean or along those lines yet still get no response. I can only assume that they have moved on to someone else who sparked there interest quicker than i did. Yet not even a day later i see they have posted another personal add or are back to looking? I'm starting to get the feeling like women want everything i have to offer, just not from me. You know its hard to sum up myself in a little box with limited characters and no one-on-one communication. No ability to reply to the lookers questions they have popping into their head about something i said. Yet here i am trying at it again, trying to
If any of you don't like the new rules regarding the new rules on leveling please leave comments here and maybe the powers to be on Fubar well read this in change back to the way it was. Being this is ridicules on trying to level now! LezLicious Lets get some more signatures with this so we can let the Fu Lords know how we all feel about the new leveling rules. Ladies leave comments on what you think of there new rules that might help more then rating this. Just thinking Ladies post this for your friends and family and friends as well! more people that read this more the better I think!
Im one men with thinks more in the creativity. Imore important for me,because is the form of understandme and understand to you. The love with non have creativiy is low, more pover. The love with creativity givemnews forms of lover.
I just want to make some new friends. I am moving out of my mothers and fathers house soon. I can not wait!
OK and here I go once again with a new accoutn after my last one was once again deleted. I have found most of my freinds form the last accounts and am hapy that I have. BUt now on to something that has been on my mind. Most of the friends I have on here are female. To be honest thats not the issue. The problem here is, most have NSFW pictures. Now granted I would be lying I would love to see them, but I am to much of a gentleman to ask to see them. A few of the ladies have already been nice enough to accept another question I have put towards which to this day I still say THANK YOU! But how do I go about askign fo rhte other thing or should I jsut leave it be and foget about it.
Hmmmm I don't really drink anymore, but I do have some fond memories of my drinking days. And who was that passing me long island ice tea's. Holy crap. Those things used to be my drink, but now days that makes me think of Rolaids. Never the less I can still in joy the thought of you folks trying to get my drunk. lol Now I know that it is supposed to be a party. But what do you know. I get invited. Desided to check it out. Even from a security stand point. Seems cool to me, and here I am on a machine that I don't have any mug shots loaded on too. Than again. Must I brake another camera? lol A bit about me. I am a father or four year old twins with full custody. So real bars are kind of out of the question for most of the time. Also I do have my own small business that I'm not going to talk about shop at this time. What I will say is that those that really have something. Papers and all, but nobody willing to hire you. If you got what it takes, and it may mean a
I'm not much of a blogger and all but I am rather giddy about my new pro Linux, anti windblows shirt that I customized and ordered for myself. So meh, whatever. All I have to say is :)
Just took a new job since I retired from the military. It does do alot of travelng so hopefully we can meet more members. I just landed in Okinawa for 6months.
Police Warning to Online Members State police warning for online: Please read this "very carefully"..then send it out to all the people online that you know. Something like this is nothing to be taken casually; this is something you DO want to pay attention to. If a person with the screen-name of DreamWeaverGrey contacts you, do not reply. DO not talk to this person; do not answer any of whispers or requests for private in Pogo. Whoever this person may be, he/she is a suspect for murder in the deaths of 56 women (so far) contacted through the Internet. Please send this to all the women on your buddy list and ask them to pass this on, as well. This screen-name has also been seen on Yahoo, AOL, AIM, and Excite so far. This is not a joke! Please send this to men too...just in case! Send to everyone you know! Ladies, this is serious. Jennifer S. Faulkner Education/Information Specialist Roanoke Fire-EMS 541 Luck Avenue, Suite 120 Roanoke, VA 24016 (540) 853-2257 (phone)
I've been here on and off 5 years im no top member not a fu fav by any means but i have enjoyed almost every minute of this place. ive made many lie time friends through this place it started as a social networking site now to me it just seems like a cash register but thats just my opinionas a matter of fact all of this is just an opinion my opinion i havent talked about this to anyone except maybe my uncle Dj Lincoln but just like Ms Mona he doesnt really come here anymore my first 2 years here i spent a small fortune on a site that was starting out and hell yeah i wanted to see it make it we only had my space at the time and that place wasnt very interactive and loaded with foul pedofiles and predators so when i found fu the lost cherry at the that time it was a treat many of us came here for something to do to pass the time a lot of us are disabled and dont get out much so it was perfect for us scrapper made us all feel welcomed myself included our late brother Fat Tony he was be
3. total number of hair clients on Friday. 3. Total number of nail clients on Saturday. 3. number of french manicures done on other student's clients (really? is it that hard?) 1. number of hair clients missing an ear. (not my fault, he came in that way.) 357. number of freak outs had while cutting the thickest, curliest hair I have ever seen. I couldn't even hide the freak outs. It went: cut hair, OH SHIT! oh we are good nevermind, repeat for an hour. 6. number of times I asked the educator to check that haircut. 2. number of times the educator freaked out on me for freaking out. I kinda deserved it. 1. Number of Swedish films seen over the weekend. did you know "what the fuck" is pronounced "what the fuck" in Swedeish. 4. number of referrals given to me already by that curly haired girl (she works in the call center at school! Fuck yea!) 102. percentage of people that tipped me for my services. (one of the people I painted for another student tipped me) 38. number of dolla
people who actually kill themselves never give warning or signs, those that do aren't serious but I can tell you this, Suicide is a train barreling downhill track with no brakes- it starts slow but builds into an obsession impossible to stop. You should feel honored that he felt you were the most important person in his world that he chose you to spend his last hours with- that was carefully and intentionally planned. When you are on the train you enjoy the view the speed your last hours but feel it is inevitable so you are happy and never feel the ending coming, its all preplanned and nothing can stop it, you dont want it stopped, you want it over. My roommates have no idea it ever happened to me, that I was ever on that train but I have many times and if I were on it right now, no one would know. When we refer to people we love who are gone, they want us to remember the fun we had together, to them death was just another step in life. the only predictable part of life is that it is u
So..... We had relatives in last week...Hubby's sister from New York City and her son from California. Had a great time...site seeing and playing tourist. Instead of eating out AGAIN Friday night we decided to cook and eat at home. We stopped at my apartment to get some stuff that my mother in law didn't have and then went on up to her apartment building (which is the one right up the hill from me). Had dinner and looked through old photos that the nephew wants to scan and put on CDs and stuff. Anywhoooo, we were gone maybe 3-4 hours and when we came home there was Max, the year old Golden Retriever puppy and a chewed open bottle of Advil with 4-5 pills on the floor. Daughter ran upstairs and looked online and came running down saying we need to take him to the vet NOW. Apparently Advil is one of the deadly items for animals. I called an emergercy animal hospital that THANKFULLY we have close around here. I told them that he seems fine and is running around. They told me that by the ti
well i have been tryin out this new therapy n its become an addiction lmao just kidding but it really does work you see when your down and depressed or thinking to hard just grab a pair of springs and start to bounce...mynes become the bounce of DEATH..i bounce almost continously and i became tigger...the more you bounce the less it hurts the less you think n the more relief you get. So now since half of my identity has been traded in for a set of springs my wings r currently placed on the hanger so they dont get crinkled or damaged because you never know when they are going to have to be pulled out of the closet. Although Tigger is now my identity deep down i will always be the death forsaken angel but at this moment in time i gotta be bouncing to keep my mind sane the sanity is hard to gain n im very thankful for the donations made by Angel_wyld and Dragon...angel gives me a new set of springs everyday and dragon gave me a helmet i love my family they even keep me safe when im tryin
Easy way out Sometimes I wonder if I will be free,I think death needs to come to me,that's no more bills or heartache see,I believe it's the best way to be!I want to take my life right now,I want to end it someway somehow,I am tired of living through this pain,I see nothing that I will gain,I just want to say goodbye,Fuck this world and fuck this life,If I come back to this place again,I will repeat this letter my friend.
THIS IS FOR LADIES ONLY This is going to be my final contest of the summer, possibly the last contest of the year. Depending on how things goes. You can win up to a 135 Blingpack. The contest is Majority Salute Contest. Meaning whoever uploads/emails me the most salutes will win a 135 Blingpack at the end of the contest. 2.) Majority Salute Contest rules: a.) Must be NEW salute{s} to PeachZ b.) Either written PeachZ on body and/or paper salute c.) Can either be uploaded or emailed {if send via email pm/sb me for email} d.) must contain a 50/50 stance. {i.e. must be even on sfw/nsfw salutes. If you make 10 sfw must make 10 nsfw. If you make 10 nsfw must make 10 sfw. You get the idea.} e.) Must have face and PeachZ in each salute. {Just to verify for authentication of real salutes.} Contest will start up this Sunday night at 2000 pst, 6 Jun 2010. It will end on 4 Jul 2010 at 2000 pst. It might end sooner, depending on the stance of things. Will keep updated. Whoever makes
I usually don't repost in my blogs but this was really interesting to me and now I can't stop thinking about who, in my life is an asker or a guesser. Here is the post from ask.metafilter.com We live in a small 2 bedroom apartment, in New York City. People like to visit here, and they don't generally want to pay for a hotel. We understand this. However, we also don't want people staying with us who we don't know or don't like. My wife received the following email (summarized): I'm going to be in NYC the night of the 5th to the morning of the 15th for [blah blah blah some work-related singing event thing]. Maria (my boss) said it is on the lower east side at Gramercy Park. I do have another friend who offered me her place to stay, but not for the whole time. Is there a chance that I could stay with you and Jeff for a portion of that time? I'd be using the subway the whole time and I'd be gone from 10-10 probably every day, so I'd be out of your way most of the time. Let me know i
I Hate When A website has games like slots for people to play but it never wants to load so you can play it but it will load for others!!
Hi Katt, It's been a year and I still can't believe you're gone. I wake up everyday hoping that I can talk to you, and I do, just not the way I used to. I miss you so very much and I know I'm not the only one. The way you touched lives seems a miracle to me, I've never known someone as loved as you. I'm glad to say that we've been like sisters all of the 25 years we've known each other. I know in my heart that you are better now, and that you are surrounded by the loved ones that passed before you. I can see you bathed in the pure, white light that you always shared with everyone you loved. I feel that you are happy and out of pain, and that makes me feel happy above all the sorrow and emptiness, now that you are on the other side. You still preform miracles too. Not long ago I was having a hard time dealing with the emotions that came fleeting back when I faced the hospital you passed in. The hospital that holds memories of life and death for me. Life because my youngest daughter
I just dont get it! I cant have a cat, because the room mate is allergic, i cant have a rodent, because he doesnt like them, i cant have a bird, for the same reason. I cant get a dog that I WANT, because he doesnt want to pay the EXTRA $500 a month for the place! I have a car that i have hated since the day i laid eyes on it (its a manual.) Im stuck in the house all day long, every day. I cant afford to get a different vehicle. I sleep all fucking day long, (cuz i have no reason to get up) and i am up all night.
I miss my kids. I got a call yesterday from her dad, that its being mandatory that my 4 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER be put in fucking couceling! which i am TOTALLY AGAINST councelors! I think she is TOO young to be seeing a councelor. Her father has a greed with me, up until NOW, he has told me that we have no choice but to enroll her. and that i dont have a say in this. I just found out that he has been 2 faced about our daughter going to counceling, he tell me that he is on myside about her not going to counceling, then i find out today that he has been telling everyone that he thinks that she should be put in counceling, and that he and I arent seeing eye to eye about this! just because i am 4K miles away from my daughter, he thinks he cn run her life without my say so! when the court papers say that it is a dual choice. that we should talk about. On the nights that he and I get into arguments or spats over the phone, He has basically punishs our daughter by not calling me at bedtime o
i feel like my daughter hates me. for the past 2 years, I have moved from place to place every 4-6 months. For the the first 2 years of her life, I had an apartment of my own, then i couldnt afford the rent and had to move. she ended up having to live with her dad. (my daughter is 4 years old.) just recently she has been getting meaner and meaner towards me. especially after i explained (3 months ago) to her that i am moving out of state in a month, to find her older brother, (that she has never met, nor have i seen in 9 years, he is 10.) I only get to see her 10 hours a week, 3x a week. and it is hard on the both of us. Recently, when her father has been dropping her off to me for my visitaions, less that 5 minutes into her visit with me, she starts crying for her daddy, it hurts my feelings, and makes me cry, because my daughter means the world to me. I try everything in my power to make her happy when she is with me. I have begun to think that the reason she has become mean towards
BREAKING NEWS. OAKLAND,CA-Raiders football practice was delayed nearly 2 hours after a player reported finding an unknown white powdery substance on the practice field. Head coach, Jackson, immediately suspended practice & called the police & federal investigators. After a complete analysis, FBI experts determined that the white substance unknown to players was the GOAL LINE. Practice resumed after special agents decided the team was unlikely to encounter the substance again this season.
you wont be her first,her last, or her only.she has loved before,she will love again but if she loves you now what else matters? shes not perfect,and neither are you and the two of you will never be perfect but if she makes you laugh,at least once causes you to think twice,and admits to being human, and making mistakes... hold onto her, and give her all youve got. she is not going to quote poetry,she is not going to be thinking about you every moment,but she will give you a part of her, that she knows you can break dont hurt her, dont change her,dont expect too much from her,smile when she makes you happy,cry when she makes you sad and miss her when shes not there....
"Love the ones you have and forget the ones you've lost." No truer words have been spoken. We all search for the one person in our lives that completes us. The one person, who when put next to us, makes us feel whole. Some of us find that person early on in life, and some do not find that person at all. Life is not about finding a utopian existance because no matter how hard we strive for one, the human heart can never be wholey satisfied. We will always strive for something newer, something better becaused we are conditioned to always want more. One of the biggest things a person looks for in life is love. We go through life thinking to ourselves "This is the one. I finally found it." In most circumstances we find ourselves mistaken. The experiance of heart break is not something we wish to go through. However, many of us find we find ourselves in this situation more than we would have ever wished to be. Some people let their bad experiences with love jade their views on potentia
The oil rig explosion and subsequent oil leak, which has been leaking for over a month now, has completely destroyed the Louisiana Gulf Coast Line. Our barrier islands, which were our main line of defense against hurricanes and have been suffering from errosion even before the oil leak, are saturated with thick oil, and the vegetation (grass, etc...) is all completely dead. The oil has penetrated our National Wildlife Reserve. Thus far, the "official" reports sight at least 1 dead dolphin, over 2 dozen dead brown pelicans, at least a dozen sea turtles and thousands of fish, jellyfish and other marine life have also died. Dozens of other birds and wildlife are being cleaned and treated for oil and toxic chemical dispersant exposure. SHAMELESSLY, British Petroleum has made 4 attempts to stop the leak and none of them were successful. At a time when the economy in our region is just starting to recover from Hurricanes Katrina, Gustav and Ike, we have now been dealt a T
WW II Battleship sailor tells Obama to shape up or ship out! This venerable and much honored WW II vet is well known in Hawaii for his seventy-plus years of service to patriotic organizations and causes all over the country. A humble man without a political bone in his body, he has never spoken out before about a government official, until now. He dictated this letter to a friend, signed it and mailed it to the president. Dear President Obama, My name is Harold Estes, approaching 95 on December 13 of this year. People meeting me for the first time don't believe my age because I remain wrinkle free and pretty much mentally alert. I enlisted in the U.S. Navy in 1934 and served proudly before, during and after WW II retiring as a Master Chief Bos'n Mate. Now I live in a "rest home" located on the western end of Pearl Harbor , allowing me to keep alive the memories of 23 years of service to my country. One of the benefits of my age, perhaps the only
Flew beyond the sun before it was timeBurning all the gold that held me inside my shellWaiting for you to pull me back inI almost sat the world in my sightsClose, low bright eyes fadingFaster than stars fallingHow can I tell you I failed?Tell you I failedFallen from grace cause I been away too longLeaving you behind with my lonesome songNow I'm lost in oblivionI tried to bore a hole into the groundBreaking all the fingers and the nails from my handThe eyes of the child see no wrongIgnorant bliss inClose, low bright eyes fadingFaster than stars fallingHow can I tell you I failed?Tell you I failedFallen from grace cause I been away too longLeaving you behind with my lonesome songNow I'm lostFallen from grace cause I been away too longLeaving you behind with my lonesome songNow I'm lost in oblivionFallen from grace cause I been away too longLeaving you behind with my lonesome songNow I'm lostFallen from grace cause I been away too longLeaving you behind with my lonesome songNow I'm lost i
Yesterday was really hard on me not that the date was the 25 of May, it holds some very speciali meaning as well. May 25, 1964, will live as a date that changed my life forever , because on that date I lost my mother in an automobile accident , a careless act in my opinion , the sad thing is I never even knew my mother because I was only 10 months old at the time . people have told me not to dwell on it but its kind of hard when a person gives you life and then 10 months later is taken from you , all a person to do other than question was I the cause of all of this . The wreck had taken alot ofrom me but it had also given me alot
Navy Seaman SimpleSailor Human Interest Features HUNTING It was 6:30 a.m., Navy Senior Chief Petty Officer Todd P. Cichonowicz the Public Affairs Department Non-Commissioned Officer in Charge at the Defense Information School at Fort Meade, Md. was 17 years old and it was the first day of deer season. He and his father knew that deer liked to eat the vegetation from trees that were knocked down by logging and they knew just were to find such trees. Cichonowicz had just found a spot on a broken down tree next to a set of fresh tracks. It’s not long before he falls asleep while waiting for his prey. His eyes snapped open as the squirrel barks wildly on his shoulder. Thinking whatever potential prey was in the area would have heard that and left he put his head back down on the tree and continued his nap. Before long the snap of a twig sounded out and when he opened his eyes to see a spike horn buck walking right by that hadn’t
As the gears of government grind metal to metal, most citizens are worried about our economic engine seizing disastously but most legislators take a "politics as usual" and "What, Me Worry" attitude. IT"S THE SPENDING, STUPID! In Greece, government bribes of voters out of the National Treasury means that hairdressers and many others can retire with full pensions at age 50. An era of more and more generous benefits, pay and policies funded out of taxpayer pockets now threatens the future of Greece and the entire European union and many have rightly asked, "are we next?" When politicians find that the shortest route to re-election is spending taxpayer's money on special interests' organized votes, government worker unions and pork barrel projects, even wealthy nations risk economic palsy that can cripple any chance at a healthy future. Since when did 'public service" mean a better life for government workers than those hardworking Americans who pay the bills? In hometowns across th
I saw this one of my internet friends header pages.Apparently somebody did something to piss her off. DON'T ASK FOR HELP IF YOU CAN EVEN SMILE & SAY THANK YOU...GROW SOME FUCKIN MANNERS!!So I wonder what would fucking manners be. I jotted down a few things, I am open toadditional thoughts and comments . Like I said it has been a long time since I rocked and rolled. :-D Fucking Manners,1. at least buy or make dinner for the woman. 2. Wine or drinks are optional depending her taste.3. Foreplay is not an option 4. Clits are delicious and need to be licked hard and often. 5. Blowjobs are to be enjoyed not critiqued. 6. let the woman get hers first and often. 7. anal sex is her choice. 8. Get a luke warm wash cloth if she needs to clean up, not a one extremely hot or extremely cold. 9. Give her a warning before you come, especially when she is giving head.10. Cuddling is a nice afterthought and if you did your job well, might lead to some recovery sex.11. Ass Slapping
WEEKEND GETAWAYBy Steven PardoeFriday 5:00pm finally came. Kristi worked more overtime this past week than she had all of last year, helping the law firm she worked for prepare for a huge case. With a sigh that flipped the lock of blonde hair dangling in her face upward, she pushed back her chair and grabbed her briefcase from under the desk. Opening the case to put what was left of a fruit salad in Tupperware, she saw an envelope lying on top with her name scribbled across the front. The envelope itself caught her attention; vanilla in color with twin palm trees in the top left corner. She reached down to see what is as her eyebrows lifted up in curiosity. Sliding her French manicured fingernail along the sealed edge, she pulled out a plane ticket and a note. The note simply said, “Thanks for a job well done; everything is taken care of…… enjoy!” The plane ticket was to a five star resort in Jamaica, and it left in an hour!As the jet descended out of the bill
I went into labor yesterday while packing things up to move out of state.. he had a good heartbeat but his lungs wasnt developed to breath on his own.. he was born yesterday May 25th at 5:09 p.m. he was 1 lb 12 inches long... We are very heartbroken.. plz keep me and stanley in your prayers
If you’re looking to get started with Wordpress or want to increase your skill level, we have options to solve your Wordpress needs see my WordPress Training
Well I know we really can not choose who are parents are and who our relatives are but we sure can respected them. I have been looking back at so many things about what family is bilogical or adopted but we all live and learn either way. I know it is hard to be in a family at times it is as easy as 1,2, 3. I just know it not who they are and where they come from it is about uncodianal love and understanding. Familys may end of broken up in many way but god is all we need to make our lives a bit better then befroe. I have learned alot about family in these last few years or so that no matter what or where we are we can all count on each other. I know none of us are perfected and we will never be. I have also learned that respected is a big deal in some families and as I saw in my aunt's family it is a big deal. I know we all were rasied differently but we are all still family we may not always agree but we are still family and that is how it should be. No matter what we shou
Love with all your heart and soul, Take the time to listen, to learn, To feel, to be felt, Love with understanding and focus, Love with dedication, Love with knowing that you are loved in all ways. And that this love is undying, Love with an apparition 4 love, Love you and all that is around you, Love in faith, Above all love God as God loves us all. And you will know how to love.
I want something epic out of this life. I want the love and affection of a man that I love. I want chemistry, fireworks, knowing before anything has to be said that this is who I will spend my life with.. I had that feeling once, and I lost it. I lied to myself, and played myself short for what I can offer in a relationship, and my decisions came back to bite me. I am scared, literally almost to death sometimes, that I will mess up, make the wrong choice, end up alone.. I'm queasy just thinking about it. I let no one in that close anymore. I've been beaten, mistreated, left alone, ignored. Stalked, verbally abused, and chased by some that refuse to take no for an answer, and I let them all believe what they want. Who am i? Poisonous, venomous, I can drown you in the deepest sorrow you've ever known, because my sadness is like a disease.. I'm negative to the deepest part of my soul, and I will draw you in. I just want someone to lift me out and hold me close. Isn't that the most ridicul
Four am and after communicating in prayer to the 'Great Spirit' I have been lead to write this blog howl! I was raised by a Nazarene Minister and a school teacher and that 'helping others' enviroment shaped me in many ways to be the 'wolf' I am. About a year ago I met someone through Yahoo Personals that was a school teacher in a 3rd world country. She was working 5 hour days 5 days a week making $50 a month. Also she attended the local university there part time. Poverty,diseases,short life spans of approx. 47 years of age,bandits,villages with no electricity, cities with sometimes electricity.scams,hospital where you have to pay before you are treated,ect. were conditions in this country all too familiar to her. I established a friendship with her and found her to be honest,intelligent,educated in many areas as she spoke 3 languages,needy,warm,great sense of humor,and a 'people person' who liked to help others. She was originally from Australia and lost both her parents and end
It makes me sick when someone see's a hot guy/girl and automatically want sex with them why cant people go by what's in the heart? THATS WHAT COUNTS!!!
Alright I took time out to share with you all.... some amazing humour. My friend Michael has a show on you tube. http://www.youtube.com/your7sins You will be a better person for watching it.
If Roses grow in Heaven ,Lord please pick a bunch for me ,Place them in my Mother's arms and tell her they're from me. Tell her I love her and miss her, and when she turns to smile, place a kiss upon her cheek and hold her for awhile. Because remembering her is easy, I do it everyday, but there's an ache within my heart that will never go away. I Love You Mom!! ♥ today, tomorrow,and forever!!
Just For TodayJust for today my thoughts will be on my recovery, living and enjoying life without the use of drugs.Just for today I will have faith in someone in NA who believes in me and wants to help me in my recovery.Just for today I will have a program. I will try to follow it to the best of my ability.Just for today through NA I will try to get a better perspective on my life.Just for today I will be unafraid, my thoughts will be on my new associations, people who are not using and who have found a new way of life. So long as I follow that way, I have nothing to fear.
it really hurts﻿ when the one you love doesn't love you in return.............he/she just make you fool.......
30 million FuBUCKS up for grabs! DRAWING IS MONDAY 5-31-2010 at NOON FUTIME! Here's how it works. You Fupal me 500k entry fee.. Thats it! The fupal messages are given a number as they come in. the first one i get is #1, second one i get is #2... and so on... At drawing time i use an online random number generator. IT picks the winner, then I FuPal the winner the 30 million. I have done this before with great response. Check my LOTTERY WINNERS FOLDERS IN MY PICS For examples of past winners :D Thanks and Good Luck! FEEL FREE TO ASK ME ANY QUESTIONS :D
These are only funny because they are true. *If I'm too lazy to masturbate, do you really think I have the motivation to talk to someone I don't know? *I don't wanna be drunk the first time we make love, so can we just fuck instead? *Statuses about your cock are only funny when you're not lying. *If "Obama" is the answer, Then that must have been one stupid ass question. *I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy. *Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night. *There are a number of mechanical devices which increase sexual arousal, particularly in women. Chief among these is the Mercedes-Benz 500SL *If a Dodge Challenger was a dude, I'd totally get over my gag reflex. *Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation. The other eight are unimportant. *Hockey is a sport for white men. Basketball is a sport for black men. Golf is a sport for white men dressed like black pimps. *I don'
It is very difficult to define the characteristics profile of a Capricorn girl exactly. She can be the sexy babe on the beach or a scientist sitting in the laboratory, doing experiments that can save mankind. Whatever she is on the outside, when you look inside you will find a girl who looks for security, authority, respect and position. It is an entirely different matter how she seeks to achieve these goals. It may be as the president of a country or as the wife of an ambitious man. She seeks recognition and it doesn't matter how she gets it. A Capricorn female is like that goat, which has to reach the top of the mountain. It doesn't matter what position she starts and how slowly she walks, she will be at the top much before those, who were running in front of her. She will do it with such subtlety that you wouldn't even know when she crossed all the milestones. She has her aims and ambitions, but they don't come before her family. She can enjoy the role of a wife or a mother as much
Well everyone has been aware that i'm a high risk bring pregnant, as of now things are changes...it is true that they aren't gonna let me have any more kids after my daughter is born they made it clear in Morgantown today and also their is more than just that when I go back in 3 months after my daughter is born they are still wanting to fix the murmur but not only that they are possibly fixing the valve the reason it is preventing me from having kids is that they are gonna put a metal tube where my defective right valve is to fix the blood flow also I will have to get shots about once month or more. So yes pretty much i'm a mother with more complications than I was ever prepared for. But all in the good news is Melanie is healthy as can be and they see no problems with her heart in the future, she is getting everything she is needing but she is weighing 2lbs they said she is growing well and is blessed to see that she is good. Now they are planning on seeing me in Morganto
Pain has always been my best friend, my only friend but now its my worst enemy this pain hurts so much the gates of hell will open and welcome its new child When i thought of all the good hoping to fight for you and protect you but you took my heart and broke it into thousand irreplacable bloody pieces i had no tears to cry because my emotional being was dry and my soul was lost without you now the monster from within has been awoken and now all thats is left is a dead man walking in search of a way out of this maybe another can cure me before its to late and rage consumes me but for now im dead and cold living without a heart.
I uploaded a homemade video to the Internet. It is a video of a Master and slave, it is an adult (18+) video.You don't see the Master's or the slave's face.It is in clips.78 Clips : The shortest clips of the 3 hour (2:46) video : All the clips are less than 5 minutes http://yfrog.com/5ufile24042bzx 44 Clips: These clips are all less than 5 minutes. (The same movie)http://yfrog.com/0sfile3972ezx 20 Clips: These clips are all less than 10 minutes. (The same movie)http://yfrog.com/jkfile23169zx 13 Clips: These clips are all less than 15 minutes. (The same movie). http://yfrog.com/0jfile12828zx You can choose which album to watch depending on your internet speed and you like short or long clips.
I will be here very little the next week. I am currently on bed rest. I do not appreicate inapp. comments regarding it. I don't care for rude comments, regardless if you know what I'm on bed rest for, its uncalled for, so I'm doing the only thing to do, I'm deleting those that do it. I don't give a fuck if you want to jack off to my pictures, Do you really need my permission??? No, You just think by asking that I'm going to think it's "hot"....Guess What? I DONT. When someone states there on bed rest, do you really think its the time to say such things??? I mean, come on, use your fucking brain. I came here for a little support, and I've gotten it from what I call, Real friends. Sex doesn't rule my life, even if I was single it wouldnt rule my life, there is a time for things, and when someone is on bed rest is not it....It shows me how pathetic you are...and I'm talking about two ppl only, everyone else has been very caring and I thank you so much for it. I know my pics are "suggestiv
If you come to a person and ask them a question would you exspect them to give you the answer you want, Or would you wish for truth. I pride myself in Truth,Honor and Integrity. I will not ever tell you a lie even to save your feelings it is not fair to you nor me to exspect Less.
Look in the mirror and see the truth. The government is getting closer to forcing every company in America to accept unions and every worker to be in a union. (Keeps us more easily controlled). Any company that doesn't accept unions will be run out of business and every employee that doesn't join a union will lose their job. If you are a union member you hope for better wages and benefits so you support whatever your union bosses promise. It is trickle down economics. The government gets more from the unions and then the union bosses raise your union dues so they are enriched also. Now comes the truth to the lie. The lost revenue from taxes from non union companies and laid off non union employees will have to be made up somewhere so more union dues and cut benefits are headed your way to the point where you are making less then you are making now but the government and unions will claim you are the lucky ones because you still have a job while the rest of us are unemployed. When it g
Do you ever feel like screaming or feel you are not heard.Well everyone in todays world,women do get heard & I will be heard. I will not allow anyone to take away my fun here.I am totally upfront.I admit I flirt,talk,cut up it is who I am people,but when someone tries to take that away from me I get angry.It is down right insane. So many assume I am with this one or that one over a status,if you want to know ASK ME!!! I have no reason not to tell you the truth.I am a peaceful type person & I honestly dont need the drama crap coming from this place. My life is full as it is . I come here to relax,meet knew people,talk to the ones I have gotten to know and dog gone it if I want to meet people I will.No one has a hold on me.No one owns except with fake money on Fubar.Come on guys. I am getting so aggravated over all of this that I dont even talk that much anymore.I dont feel comfortable to be me and it stops today. Another thing that is getting to me is this.Just because I approv
U Want my points for 12 hours??? I bomb and boomerang chase!!! I rate peoples pics that are running auto 11's till i can't rate no more for the day. SB ME HOW!!!
If you can read this whole story without laughing, then there's no hopefor you. I was literally crying by the end. For those of you who have lived / traveled in Texas, you know how true this is. I no longer let any Texan pick a restaurant.20 These folks do not like the flavor of anything, they just like the burn.Sometimes truth really is stranger than fiction….and a lot more amusing. *********************************** ********************************They actually have this Chili Cook-off at Halloween time. It takes up a major portion of a parking lot at the San Antonio City Park. Judge #3 was an inexperienced Chili taster named Frank, who wasvisiting from Springfield, IL. Frank: "Recently, I was honored to be selected as a judge at a chilicook-off. The original person called in sick at the last moment and Ihappened to be standing there at the judge's table, asking fordirections to the Coors Light truck, when the call came in. I wasassured by the other two judges (Native Te
What's up people! Nice to meet everyone here on Fubar, this is an amazing place and I can see why it's so popular. I have a feeling I'm going to be here for a while and make a lot of friends. That being said, it's time to get down to the point of my first blog. Fubar is so unique, that each person's profile and lounge are an extension of who they are, it's really cool to see how everyone expresses them selves. Just like I do on my profile, I'm a very passionate person. I'v visited quite a few lounges since I'v joined, a few have been amazing to me and I'v made friends. Now here comes the interesting part. Some lounges seem to want to take on a bit of a more...........lets say........demanding role. I get it, it's your lounge your rules. Though some people arn't comfortable with showing their real face, thus they put up something they enjoy like anime characters. I don't expect everyone to understand anime or cartoons, it's not for everyone. Anime is just who I AM. I'v actually been
When I stand up for myself and my beliefs, they call me a bitch.When I stand up for those I love, they call me a bitch.When I speak my mind, think my own thoughts ordo things my own way, they call me a bitch.Being bitch means I won't compromise what's in my heart.It means I live my life MY way. It means I won't allow anyone to step on me.When I refuse to tolerate injustice and speakagainst it, I am defined as a bitch.The same thing happens when I take time for myself instead ofbeing everyone's maid, or when I act a little selfish.It means I have the courage and strength to allow myselfto be who I truly am and won't become anyone else'sidea of what they think I "should" be.I am outspoken, opinionated and determined.I want what I want and there is nothing wrong with that!So try to stomp on me, try to douse my innerflame, try to squash every ounce of beauty hold within me.You won't succeed.And if that makes me a bitch, so be it. I embracethe title and proud to BEAR IT. B = Beautiful I =
From a guys point of view:We don't care if you talk to other guys.We don't care if you're friends with other guys.But when you're sitting next to us, and some random guy walks into the room and you jump up and tackle him, without even introducing us, yeah, it pisses us off.It doesn't help if you sit there and talk to him for ten minutes without even acknowledging the fact that we're still there.We don't care if a guy calls you, but at 2 in the morning we do get a little concerned.Nothing is that important at 2 a.m. that it can't waittill the morning.Also, when we tell you you're pretty/ beautiful/ gorgeous/cute/ stunning, we freaking mean it.Don't tell us we're wrong.We'll stop trying to convince you.The sexiest thing about a girl is confidence.Yeah, you can quote me.Don't be mad when we hold the door open. Take Advantage of the mood im in.LET US PAY FOR YOU!DON'T "FEEL BAD"We enjoy doing it.It's expected.Smile andsay "thank you."Kiss us when noone's watching.If you kiss us when you kn
Do women really want to see naked pics of guys, or is it just guys putting themselves out there for nothing? Kinda hoping for some feedback, please. Thanks and have a great day!
Im deleting my profile and starting a new one..for some reason i cant rate anyone or their pics..and i cant change my statues or mood...for anyone that wants to remain friends you can find me with my email.... kittykarlf150@yahoocom...sorry everyone.....i will have my new profile finished by june first.... love to all, night owl
hello everyone my name is anthony i,m from statesville nc 46/6ft/196 here looking for new friends to get to know and hook up with i like to go out and have fun dancing and playing pool i also like to work out go hiking and camping i like all kinds of music and i get along with everyone i,m a cool person to get to know i,m the same every time we talk r see each other so if you want to know more just ask and i will tell you more.
As the title says, am venting, so if you don't want to read this rant, then best to leave now. My fu-hubby and I are on our 4th turf, the last 3 deleted because some asshats had to keep hitlisting and coming into turf and trash talking, basically making sure that we couldn't do anything on mafia. I am sick and fucking tired of so-called adults acting like little kids that think it is fun to beat someone down just because they can. The turf we are in now is getting the same treatment, hitlisted for the hell of it and then keep doing because someone gets rightfully pissed off because was listed for no good reason, just for shits and giggles. Apparently people are thinking because small turf, we don't deserve to be left alone to play the game. Have had people outright tell us to delete because they wouldn't stop fucking with us, they were having fun. All I can say is must be nice to be able to act like an asshole 24/7, because would bet money that these people are just as much of ass
The soldier stood and faced his God Which must always come to pass He hoped his shoes were shining Just as brightly as his brass. "Step forward now, you soldier, How shall I deal with you? Have you always turned the other cheek? To My Church have you been true?" The soldier squared his shoulders and said, "No, Lord, I guess I ain't
This isn't complete, but it is a start. Verbs * a'den (AH-den) - to rage * atiniir (ah-teen-EER) - to endure, to stick with, to tough it out * baatir (BAH-teer) - to care, to worry about * beten - to sigh * brokar - to beat (heartbeat, drumbeat * cuyir - to be, to exist * dinuir (DEE-noo-eer) - to give * duraanir - to look down upon, to hold in contempt, to despise * duumir - to allow * ganar - to have * gaan - to want * hettir - to burn * hibirar - to learn * hukaatir (HOO-kaht-EER) - to protect, to cover, to shield * jehaatir - to lie * jorso'ran - shall bear (archaic imperative form) * jurir - to bear, to carry * jorhaa'ir - to speak * jurkadir - to mess with someone (lit: to brandish a saber) * kar'taylir - to know * k'uur(koor) - to hush, be quiet, to shut up * liser - to be able to, can * motir - to stand * narir (nah-REER) - to act (carry out), to do * nartir (nah-ree-TEER) - to place, to put * nau'ur (also: sometimes seen as naur) (now-00R) - to light up * nau
i have so much on my mind, like it seems like the girl i love with all my heart is just not interested in me anymore, she hardly talks to me the way she used to, she's more interested in talking and txting other guys, i just dunno, im so confused. she means alot to me and i gave up so much for her and deal with alotta shit from her family and younger siblings, ppl tell me its soooo soon in the relationship or u guys havent been together in person that long so give it time!!! but the way i feel inside tells me she doesnt truly want to be with me anymore......and then at times she makes it feel like she does and makes me feel sooo good and happy, i just dont know right now im so confused, i just want a good woman for once.....is that too much to ask for???? i dont know what else to type right now maybe ill add more later...anyways thats whats on my mind lately. i do love you baby with all my heart, and want things to be great, i just hope you are being completely honest with me on everyt
Unspoken Voices is recording their first and ONLY C.D. that is featuring me within it. As I had said before, I am leaving to Huntington, West Virginia in August. Firsthand, I had already known my tenure to be in Unspoken Voices was going to be short. Schooling is a definite priority within my life; However, if I decide to move back to New Jersey in the future, I would then consider making appearences with my former bandmates/friends who are actively seeking permanent bands. The CD should be completed by the ending of July. I will do my best to make copies and online recordings. Thank you all for the support! JP
I never meant to hurt youthe way I know I have.Your love means more to methan anything and I'll do whatever it takesto prove that to you.Since the day I met you andyour love touched my heartI knew that my life would never be the same.Please forgive me for the pain I've caused.I'll make it up to you every chance I get.You have my heart and my love forever.
why is it that people say one thing and do another! people are who they are and nobody had the right to judge others just because they are different then them. they say " i love you for who you are", they are really saying "i love you as long as you fit in how i want you to be not who you are". why cant people just be who they are not what people want them to be? i am who i am take me or leave me. love me for who i am not who you think i should be.
got 2 new tatts today for my b-day. both are awesome and one is for my radio station. its the station id and logo and it kicks ass. ty to vintage ink in san antonio for the awesome work. pics will be posted in the next couple days so watch for em.
If I could have just one wish, I would wish to wake up everyday to the sound of your breath on my neck, the warmth of your lips on my cheek, the touch of your fingers on my skin, and the feel of your heart beating with mine... Knowing that I could never find that feeling with anyone other than you.
Two years have passed since the CCG's raid on Anteiku. Although the atmosphere in Tokyo has changed drastically due to the increased influence of the CCG, ghouls continue to pose a problem as they have begun taking caution, especially the terrorist organization Aogiri Tree, who acknowledge the CCG's growing threat to their existence. The creation of a special team, known as the Quinx Squad, may provide the CCG with the push they need to exterminate Tokyo's unwanted residents. As humans who have undergone surgery in order to make use of the special abilities of ghouls, they participate in operations to eradicate the dangerous creatures. The leader of this group, Haise Sasaki, is a half-ghoul, half-human who has been trained by famed special class investigator, Kishou Arima. However, there's more to this young man than meets the eye, as unknown memories claw at his mind, slowly reminding him of the person he used to be.
If you spend a lot of time searching for a decent movie, searching tons of sites that are filled with advertising? We are pleased to inform you that you've come to the right place. The site ShareMovies is one of the newest, free and best streaming online platform. ShareMovies develops every day and without interruption becomes better and more convenient for you. A good movie is a perfect time pass as it not only entertains you but also gives you the best exposure on your favorite generic. Don't forget to add us to your "bookmarks".
Share us with your friends and family and we wish you a pleasant time with ShareMovies! Thank you for staying with us!
Life is for the living. Death is for the dead. Let life be like music. And death a note unsaid. - Langston Hughes
With mother's day theme doing rounds everywhere, I decided to do this week's printable with the same. I like the shades ...
The greatest gift that God has ever given me is both my parents - my mother and father. And the greatest gift my parents have given me...
Only my printer ditched me this morning ... so, I do not have a real print proof to know the results. But I am using it as my curr...
Awesome Simple Hairstyle for Short Hair- Encouraged to be able to my own blog, in this particular period I’ll demonstrate in relation to simple hairstyle for short hair. And now, here is the primary impression:
Think about photograph earlier mentioned? is usually that will incredible???. if you think so, I’l t show you many image all over again down below:
So, if you wish to receive the fantastic shots related to (Awesome Simple Hairstyle for Short Hair), click on save link to save these shots for your personal pc. They are ready for download, if you love and want to grab it, click save symbol on the page, and it will be instantly downloaded in your pc. Finally if you desire to get unique and recent picture related with (Awesome Simple Hairstyle for Short Hair), please follow us on google plus or bookmark this site, we try our best to provide daily up grade with fresh and new images. We do hope you enjoy keeping here. For most up-dates and recent information about (Awesome Simple Hairstyle for Short Hair) images, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark area, We attempt to offer you up-date regularly with fresh and new pics, enjoy your exploring, and find the ideal for you.
Here you are at our website, contentabove (Awesome Simple Hairstyle for Short Hair) published by at . Today we’re excited to announce that we have discovered an awfullyinteresting nicheto be pointed out, that is (Awesome Simple Hairstyle for Short Hair) Most people trying to find specifics of(Awesome Simple Hairstyle for Short Hair) and certainly one of them is you, is not it?
The 1st skin transplantation with the patient healthy skin cells and nanostructures extracted from algae
daily life diy eu food freethings handmade home inspiration livros love music myhome photography project 52 travel
physical geography laboratory manual answers 9th edition no short description physical geography laboratory manual answers 9th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
physical geography laboratory manual answers 9th edition no short description physical geography laboratory manual answers 9th edition because this is doc file DOC file
wilson american government essentials tenth edition at new for usedprice by james q wilson 2007 10 23 no short description wilson american government essentials tenth edition at new for usedprice by james q wilson 2007 10 23 because this is pdf file PDF file
wilson american government essentials tenth edition at new for usedprice by james q wilson 2007 10 23 no short description wilson american government essentials tenth edition at new for usedprice by james q wilson 2007 10 23 because this is doc file DOC file
the case for the real jesus a journalist investigates current attacks on the identity of christ case for no short description the case for the real jesus a journalist investigates current attacks on the identity of christ case for because this is pdf file PDF file
the case for the real jesus a journalist investigates current attacks on the identity of christ case for no short description the case for the real jesus a journalist investigates current attacks on the identity of christ case for because this is doc file DOC file
the shearer method learning the fingerboard bk 3 book and dvd no short description the shearer method learning the fingerboard bk 3 book and dvd because this is pdf file PDF file
the shearer method learning the fingerboard bk 3 book and dvd no short description the shearer method learning the fingerboard bk 3 book and dvd because this is doc file DOC file
food for the soul traditional jewish wisdom for healthy eating no short description food for the soul traditional jewish wisdom for healthy eating because this is pdf file PDF file
food for the soul traditional jewish wisdom for healthy eating no short description food for the soul traditional jewish wisdom for healthy eating because this is doc file DOC file
hal leonard the big book of disney songs trumpet no short description hal leonard the big book of disney songs trumpet because this is pdf file PDF file
hal leonard the big book of disney songs trumpet no short description hal leonard the big book of disney songs trumpet because this is doc file DOC file
marketing 11th edition by lamb charles w hair joe f mcdaniel carl hardcover no short description marketing 11th edition by lamb charles w hair joe f mcdaniel carl hardcover because this is pdf file PDF file
marketing 11th edition by lamb charles w hair joe f mcdaniel carl hardcover no short description marketing 11th edition by lamb charles w hair joe f mcdaniel carl hardcover because this is doc file DOC file
social work speaks 10th edition nasw policy statements no short description social work speaks 10th edition nasw policy statements because this is pdf file PDF file
social work speaks 10th edition nasw policy statements no short description social work speaks 10th edition nasw policy statements because this is doc file DOC file
euripides in an hour playwrights in an hour no short description euripides in an hour playwrights in an hour because this is pdf file PDF file
euripides in an hour playwrights in an hour no short description euripides in an hour playwrights in an hour because this is doc file DOC file
from mouse to mermaid the politics of film gender and culture by bell e 1996 paperback no short description from mouse to mermaid the politics of film gender and culture by bell e 1996 paperback because this is pdf file PDF file
from mouse to mermaid the politics of film gender and culture by bell e 1996 paperback no short description from mouse to mermaid the politics of film gender and culture by bell e 1996 paperback because this is doc file DOC file
666 deadly sudoku puzzles a collection of 666 hellish sudoku puzzles that will leave you breathless no short description 666 deadly sudoku puzzles a collection of 666 hellish sudoku puzzles that will leave you breathless because this is pdf file PDF file
666 deadly sudoku puzzles a collection of 666 hellish sudoku puzzles that will leave you breathless no short description 666 deadly sudoku puzzles a collection of 666 hellish sudoku puzzles that will leave you breathless because this is doc file DOC file
the new lady in waiting study guide becoming gods best while waiting for mr right lady in waiting books no short description the new lady in waiting study guide becoming gods best while waiting for mr right lady in waiting books because this is pdf file PDF file
the new lady in waiting study guide becoming gods best while waiting for mr right lady in waiting books no short description the new lady in waiting study guide becoming gods best while waiting for mr right lady in waiting books because this is doc file DOC file
classic boat 1990 no 28 no short description classic boat 1990 no 28 because this is doc file DOC file
the nut culturist a treatise on propogation planting and cultivation of nut bearing trees and shrubs adapted to the climate of the united states no short description the nut culturist a treatise on propogation planting and cultivation of nut bearing trees and shrubs adapted to the climate of the united states because this is pdf file PDF file
the nut culturist a treatise on propogation planting and cultivation of nut bearing trees and shrubs adapted to the climate of the united states no short description the nut culturist a treatise on propogation planting and cultivation of nut bearing trees and shrubs adapted to the climate of the united states because this is doc file DOC file
sister citizen shame stereotypes and black women in america no short description sister citizen shame stereotypes and black women in america because this is pdf file PDF file
sister citizen shame stereotypes and black women in america no short description sister citizen shame stereotypes and black women in america because this is doc file DOC file
textual transformations in childrens literature adaptations translations reconsiderations childrens literature and culture no short description textual transformations in childrens literature adaptations translations reconsiderations childrens literature and culture because this is pdf file PDF file
textual transformations in childrens literature adaptations translations reconsiderations childrens literature and culture no short description textual transformations in childrens literature adaptations translations reconsiderations childrens literature and culture because this is doc file DOC file
swahili a foundation for speaking reading and writing second edition no short description swahili a foundation for speaking reading and writing second edition because this is pdf file PDF file
swahili a foundation for speaking reading and writing second edition no short description swahili a foundation for speaking reading and writing second edition because this is doc file DOC file
john deere 757 service manual no short description john deere 757 service manual because this is doc file DOC file
gerontologic nursing text and e book package 3e 3rd third edition by meiner edd aprn bc gnp sue e lueckenotte ms bc gnp published by mosby 2008 paperback no short description gerontologic nursing text and e book package 3e 3rd third edition by meiner edd aprn bc gnp sue e lueckenotte ms bc gnp published by mosby 2008 paperback because this is pdf file PDF file
gerontologic nursing text and e book package 3e 3rd third edition by meiner edd aprn bc gnp sue e lueckenotte ms bc gnp published by mosby 2008 paperback no short description gerontologic nursing text and e book package 3e 3rd third edition by meiner edd aprn bc gnp sue e lueckenotte ms bc gnp published by mosby 2008 paperback because this is doc file DOC file
advanced engineering mathematics 3rd edition full solutions pdf no short description advanced engineering mathematics 3rd edition full solutions pdf because this is pdf file PDF file
advanced engineering mathematics 3rd edition full solutions pdf no short description advanced engineering mathematics 3rd edition full solutions pdf because this is doc file DOC file
despicable me study guide no short description despicable me study guide because this is doc file DOC file
tunisian cables to crochet no short description tunisian cables to crochet because this is doc file DOC file
It's a fast throwback, ain't sure when Did I started it or finished... but the movie showed a common concept... so ain't gonna be long here in my opinion.
If you ask me... Clive Barker and Stephen King show both of them that with reading a lot of books... watching a lot of movies.... series... you can create the most fucked up shit ever saw. To be honest... I sometimes imagine killings... but not as horrific as Clive Barker Shows them or even Stephen King.
Here can be detected... high level vocabulary... pictures which are not very common... I mean the deads... but still it's kinda a cliche one of 100 authors creates such image... and when I Was watching Stephen King movies, most of them were with such type of deads.
Tip: Here is one tip if you want to create a great work try to hang out... outside alone or with friends at time like 20:00 Pm or 22:00 until 05:00 Am... and start studying the people on the streets... you can even take notes... take your Voice recorder and start from a place where there is noone... jus to PUT IT On... - DONT" TRY TO TELL SOmeone what you are doing... don't draw... suspicion... try to live in the darkness... try to ignore people... if something happens start little acting... most cases like mein... when now I see a cop car... I have in my hand a stick which I use to walk like a disabled... nobody can judge a disable... he can't even kill a fly.
I use this sstrategy because of the people which I see on the streets... there are damn insane... WHICH IS THE REASON i AM OUT THERE TO WATCH THEM AND TO STUDY THEM.
Get 5 delezhen.etsy.com coupon codes and promo codes at CouponBirds. Click to enjoy the latest deals and coupons of delezhen.etsy.com and save up to 20% when making purchase at checkout.
Offer a coupon code. then buyers won’t see the option to apply more than one discount to any sends on a given day will be summed and added to your Etsy
Updated Etsy coupon codes June 2018. Today's Etsy coupon: take 15% discount all products at etsy shop at elegant wedding craft. valid to 07/31/2014.
You searched for: discount coupon code! Etsy is the home to thousands of handmade, vintage, and one-of-a-kind products and gifts related to your search. No matter what you’re looking for or where you are in the world, our global marketplace of sellers can help you find unique and affordable options.
Etsy Coupons & Promo Codes. the savings & selection on a huge variety of vintage items that can only be found at Etsy. This printable coupon also works on mobile
Save with a 90% Off Etsy coupon code and other free promo code, discount voucher at Fyvor.com. There are 214 etsy.com coupons available in June 2018.
Click to save big with 40 latest 2018 Etsy First Order discounts & coupons. Check out the best etsy first order discount of January 2018 now.
Get a 15% discount when you Explore the world of handmade arts and crafts with Etsy coupon celebrate creativity and save money by buying with Etsy coupons.
Find the Best Coupons, Promo Codes & Latest Special Offers at CouponMom, Including Online Coupons, Last Minute Discount Offers and Promo Codes from Etsy and save anywhere from 10% to …
Click to save big with 427 latest 2018 Etsy.com First Order hot discount & coupons. Check out the best Etsy.com First Order hot discount & coupons of June 2018 now.
We stock the latest Etsy coupon codes for 20% off sitewide discounts, plus check all our promotions and get the best offers with lowest prices available.
Etsy add a second box of cards to your purchase & take 25% discount box with coupon code to etsy shop radiantexposures. Get your great discount and save 25%.
Learn how to find and use Etsy coupon codes to get discounts on items from the popular online marketplace website for vintage and handmade products.
Save money on hundreds of brands in store or online with Coupons.com. Find printable coupons for grocery and top brands. Get verified coupon codes daily.
Get 10 Etsy coupon codes and promo codes at CouponBirds. Click to enjoy the latest deals and coupons of Etsy and save up to 50% when making purchase at checkout. Shop etsy.co.uk and enjoy your savings of June, 2018 now!
Save up to 20% with these current Etsy coupons for June 2018. The latest etsy.com.com coupon codes at CouponFollow.
Enjoy 50% savings with our top-rated 75+ Etsy June 2018 coupon codes, deals and free shipping you won't find elsewhere when you shop with us today!
You searched for: coupon code for discount! Etsy is the home to thousands of handmade, vintage, and one-of-a-kind products related to your search. No matter what you’re looking for or where you are in the world, our global marketplace of sellers can help you find unique and affordable options.
Goodshop works with Etsy to offer users the best coupon discounts AND makes a donation to your favorite cause when you Etsy Coupons and Discount Codes. 6
Professionals and business owners may have solid ideas regarding where to take their businesses. Business plans are drawn up and set goals are defined for each stage of the start-up process. Social marketing, media and Internet marketing techniques have changed the face of business slightly. These changes affect not only business plans but methods in which a business may connect with clients and networks. In order to combat these changes, business owners may be aware of the need for content. The confusion comes in with which content method to utilize. Here are some benefits of blog content versus article content that you may want to consider.
A key benefit of blog content for websites is the ability to gain subscribers. The best way to look at this benefit is to consider the following scenario. Your business caters to families and other businesses in home school topics. With the proper marketing you can reach a few hundred people a day. However, if you have a blog with updated and regularly posted information, about three blogs per week, you will reach triple that amount. Why? Simply put, your blog and the RSS Feed will reach a home school family. That family subscribes to your feed. Your feed is now seen on that families feed and seen by everyone on their social networking. Those individuals now see your site, subscribe to your feed and comment on your blogs. You have just networked with triple your original goal simply by having an updated blog.
When you post a regular blog you can connect that blog to an RSS Feed. That feed can be connected to social media platforms such as Twitter, Facebook and Reddit. What this means is, when you post a new blog it will automatically show up in your social media feeds. You will not only reach individuals who utilize blogs and blog feed subscriptions, you will also reach individuals who network on Facebook and social media. This expands your networking and reach quickly and with little effort or cost.
There is more to blogging than just throwing a post out there on a regular basis. The blog is a chance to show, on a personal level, that you know your subject matter. The blogs, if worded and written properly, build a businesses reputation for accurate and valuable information. If readers see your blogs as informative and helpful, then they will continue reading them and eventually subscribe to and share them. If you just toss up garbage, readers will see that and will pass the word on. Word of mouth builds a reputation, for better or worse, and a well written developed blog can make those words valuable.
Description: funfurde.blogspot.com visitors, seo, traffic and competition. Website located in United States. Hosted in Mountain View. With ip 172.217.4.65. World rank is 17238173.
List By IP | List By Country | List By TLD | List By Name | List By Age | List By PageRank | List By Alexa Rank | New Sites
Shared Responsibilities for successfully enrolling students help to ensure that units work together in order to achieve enrollment goals for the university. The activities below represent the role that GMC plays in the recruiting and enrollment process.
Watersedge Cottages on the Norfolk Broads. Self Catering riverside bungalow with private garden, fishing, boating. - Booking Form - Book this riverside bungalow in The Norfolk Broads National Park
Payments can be made by cheque, bank transfer or Paypal. Card & direct payments via Paypal will incur a 3.4% surcharge. A £100 per week deposit is required when booking, with the balance paid 2 months before the holiday commencement date.
The trials and tribulations of being rock n' roll survivors in an ever-changing Music business has made Kaleido stronger and tougher, and that is reflected in this muscular new single, which was produced by Johnny K (3 Doors Down, Disturbed, Pop Evil, Megadeth, Adelitas Way).
Kaleido are on the road as part of the Summer Soul Collection Tour with September Mourning to support the release.
If you like female-fronted bands, then you better check out Kaleido, a five-piece act from Detroit, with a huge rock sound that embeds elements of pop, funk, country, r&b and more.
As aptly written in the press release, Kaleido is reminiscent of the piss-and-vinegar, stadium rock of a young Guns N' Roses crossed and fused with the lovable, fun and energetic sensibilities of an early No Doubt.
Named Best Band in Detroit by Real Detroit Weekly in both 2013 & 2014, plus having won two Detroit Music Awards in 2015 for "Outstanding Rock/Pop Group" and "Outstanding Rock Recording" for their second independent EP Unbreakable, Kaleido have since taken their show on the road, lighting up stages on the Van's Warped Tour, Rockstar Uproar Festival, Summerfest & CMJ Music Marathon and opened for Aerosmith, Slash, Kid Rock, The Offspring, Sammy Hagar, Evanescence, Halestorm, Twenty One Pilots, Living Colour and many others.
Kaleido's debut full-length album Experience was released last May 19 on Luxor Records and features the leading single Love And War: co-written by and featuring Dryden Mitchell of Alien Ant Farm, this song won an unprecedented 27 nights on 89x The New Rock Alternative People's Choice, and was consequently retired as the most winning song of all time on the station.
Also included in Experience are the two following single from the band: the melodic rocker with a reggae bassline Trouble In Paradise and the 80's oriented hard rocker Die Tryin (click on the image to watch the video).
Wechy the chameleon pays tribute to Mario the dog. Don't know who our Mario is yet? Wanna know about his embarrassing social behaviour? All you've got to do is click on Mario's head...
Vattica is a Los Angeles progressive and hard-hitting trio of organic indie-alternative rock influenced by Muse, 30 Seconds To Mars, Green Day, Our Lady Peace, U2 and The Clash.
Vattica combines soaring vocals, thought-provoking lyrics, solid rhythms and haunting melodies into an incredibly catchy wall of music (copied from the bio but, out of the self-hypes, they are really good).
The American trio released its debut full length album "We Survive" last week. Watch the official music video for the leading single "Love/Crazy" now clicking on the image above.
Wedding on Lake Como, your wedding in Italy © 2013 by Boutique Weddings Weddings in Italy | Privacy policy
The Wee Food Tour invites you to join us in a walking food adventure through Glasgow, once the “Second City of the British Empire”, that remains today a great city to visit and to live. Glasgow-based American Madeline Miller has been unofficially working on The Wee Food Tour since relocating to Glasgow in 2004. What started as a personal mission to find the best traditional Scottish food in the city soon became a series of impromptu, outside-the-guidebooks tours for visiting family and friends.
Your afternoon of tastings will be experienced in six different restaurants, speciality shops and independent, family run businesses that are experts in their dishes and products they make. You will be able to wrap your mouth around over 20 different food items that even some locals have never tried!
In addition to tasting great food, seeing the city and enjoying the banter, your participation in The Wee Food Tour benefits our local community as we donate £5 from each ticket sold to our local food bank. We strongly feel that everyone in our community should not go hungry and know they are not invisible in their time of need.
I can confidently say VisitScotland does a remarkable yet humbling job of describing how many unique and beautiful landscapes are..
Starting a new business can be stressful in so many ways to even the most confident of persons with a..
After many months of planning, a week of successful test runs and making a few final tweaks to the website,..
Your afternoon of tastings will be experienced in six different restaurants, speciality shops and independent, family run businesses
The Luckenbooth has figures very similar to the Claddagh Ring, and a similar purpose of being a love token.
The Wee Food Tour runs tours from Glasgow city centre every day apart from Sunday. Our tours begin at 11am, so, ready to begin your food adventure?
Break ups suck. For even the most mature, evolved people out there, deciding to separate from your best friend and bed warmer can be difficult at best. Then there’s the aftermath: the deleting of the Instagrams, the changing of the phone background, and the getting rid of the stuff. His T-shirts that found their way into your drawers? The extra TV she decided to keep at your place? There can be so many physical reminders of a past relationship and, chances are, you don’t want any of them around. And that’s where ExBox comes in.
A new service from MakeSpace, ExBox allows you to schedule someone to come pick up anything that reminds you of your ex and drive it to a storage facility. It’s currently available in four cities (New York City, Washington, D.C., Chicago, and Los Angeles) and as you go through the sign-up process, you can unlock discount codes depending on just how bad your ex was:
Amory Wooden, MakeSpace’s Vice President of Brand, told ELLE.com, “We wanted to think of a way to really make this time of year exciting and fun and get people reenergized. Our thought was, ‘Let’s get people ready for cuffing season.'” Since MakeSpace already works to get people organized and decluttered, this seemed like a natural extension. And as an added bonus, she said, it will help people get “cozy for a new season of mingling and mating.” Clear space, full hearts, can’t lose!
The concept was, of course, also inspired by a few of MakeSpace’s past customers. Wooden mentions one woman who was storing her ex’s 20 high-end bicycles and another who was storing an ex’s antique barber supplies—both things you probably don’t want to toss but also don’t want clogging up your space.
The ExBox discounts extend through the end of the year, and you can get your things picked up in 24 hours after scheduling. In terms of payment, there’s a three-month minimum requirement for initial storage, and then you can sign onto a monthly or annual plan, but you can also take your things out at any time. So if you’re still reeling from a breakup, maybe it’s time to turn on Beyoncé’s “Irreplaceable” and get packing.
Copyright © 2018 by Fashion. All rights reserved. All articles, images, product names, logos, and brands are property of their respective owners. All company, product and service names used in this website are for identification purposes only. Use of these names, logos, and brands does not imply endorsement unless specified. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
A measuring device specialized in two dimensional measuring via CCD Camera. Used in measuring the outer shapes, lines, surface dimensions, of sheets or plates such as polarizing plates for LCDs, light guide plates, reflection and dispersing plates for backlight units and lens sheets. Also used in measuring other flat objects such as printing boards, printing matrices, and many other metal, plastic, rubber, and sponge item (Measurement may be semi-automatic for more precise measurements).
Measurement accuracy will still be maintained despite of changes in magnification, camera attachment angle and optical image distortion.
Easy to use. Plot the measuring points and press the start button for automatic measurement. A suction plate is also available as an optional upgrade. Utilized mainly in factories and in Quality Assurance Department.
Light, compact and easy to operate, without the needs of a specific operator. Automatic measurements can be initiated with a mouse click after the measuring points are taught to the program. Direct measurement within an image is also possible.
*We offer free sample measurements. If you have any objects you have trouble measuring, please feel free to contact us.
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4796: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3908)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4798: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3908)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4799: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3908)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4800: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3908)
Dear visitor, welcome to Kings and Legends Forum. If this is your first visit here, please read the Help. It explains in detail how this page works. To use all features of this page, you should consider registering. Please use the registration form, to register here or read more information about the registration process. If you are already registered, please login here.
This is by far the most platformist thing i have ever seen!, i'm a facebook player so i can't take part in the event even if i wanted to.
luckily i will no longer put money into this broken game so i doesn't bother me that much but i think it's a hugely stupid decision to exclude facebook players like this!, what reason is there for it? do facebook take a cut of the monies? thats pure greed them on the part of KAL!
You can't give to some with one hand and screw others over with the other and expect everyone to be happy! it's discrimination!
I guess its just technically not possible to add the 18 % bonus onto it. The KaL shop has it added automatically. Not sure how recharging looks like on facebook, but guess its more a technical issue then some "plattformism". Maybe they could add the gold manually, but that would require more effort.
Can you not just go on kals website and sign in thru facebook on there? Then just click gold shop and put in credit card info?
Can you not just go on kals website and sign in thru facebook on there? Then just click gold shop and put in credit card info?
I guess its just technically not possible to add the 18 % bonus onto it. The KaL shop has it added automatically. Not sure how recharging looks like on facebook, but guess its more a technical issue then some "plattformism". Maybe they could add the gold manually, but that would require more effort.
Yes there is a facebook login button but when i login there it activates my old facebook account where i tried to play before, but wasnt serious about it that time.
i cant turn it into my current facebook account and current kal account, my old one keeps coming back, dont know how and where too change all of that
i cant turn it into my current facebook account and current kal account, my old one keeps coming back, dont know how and where too change all of that
I have never used KAL anywhere other than facebook, and when I login with facebook, it creates a new game, and does not import my facebook game.
Kaynie its right you still can get the cards, the only thing you cant its the 18%, wich in my opinion 7k/15k for any legend/godlike card its great. even without that 18%. Remeber you keep the gold, and you have dragon balls also, so...
I have no idea why you cannot login to the game using your facebook credentials. You need to login to the facebook account you want to use, then click the facebook login at kingsandlegends.com. I can only surmise you are logged into a different facebook account when you try to login, hence the new account.
dont think you have to be logged on account, just pay them through the website and give them your current facebook id when you send in what you want?
Make sure you've recharged the correct amounts to qualify, and are precise with your requests/ ingame name etc.
I have no idea why you cannot login to the game using your facebook credentials. You need to login to the facebook account you want to use, then click the facebook login at kingsandlegends.com. I can only surmise you are logged into a different facebook account when you try to login, hence the new account.
Log into facebook, not the KAL game on facebook. Once logged into facebook, go to kingsandlegends.com and click the facebook login button. It should be as simple as that. If it doesn't work, you may need to delete some cookies from your browser (filter by facebook and kingsandlegends and see if removing them fixes the issues). Of course only do this if you know your account details and aren't relying on cookies to ensure your logins are remembered.
When is the right time to part? How to know that we have reached the point of no return in a relationship? What is the science of separation?
The end of the relationship in which I suffered for 7 years, brought a feeling of numbness, complete inaction, or perhaps it was just relief. I either became an unfeeling monster, ormy feelings were simply exhausted by our constant quarrels.While he was collecting his belongings, I was lying on the couch, reading the last chapter of my favorite book.
He was still going when I left the house and went for a walk. I smoked a bunch of cigarettes while I walked through the empty streets and watched an amazing sunset. Mystical sunset, I would say: the whole sky was gray and misty, except for one golden strip on the edge of the clouds. This is the band of tomorrow.
He came back to pick up some more things, and I sat motionless on a chair in the hallway, still wearing his shirt. I tried to help him fold the toothbrush into a plastic case, but it was too hard in my condition. I suddenly began to laugh. I thought about the incredible lightness of being. Joke.
But it was all over long before he left. This happens in every relationship - the time when something collapses. This is called a crisis. Some couples manage to cope with it, others do not. That's life.
Something collapsed inside of me that day when he grabbed my wrists, looked into the eyes with hatred and said very cruel words: “It's your fault, I am unhappy because of you.” Just as bruises appeared on my wrists, my heart was also injured. I was subjected to psychological abuse. I was trapped.
There are people who will always try to change you, who will never be happy with what you are doing for them, they will ask more and more, as if your kindness is a bottomless source of energy, and they think that they have the right to eat from it forever. When you understand this, there comes a point of no return in a relationship.When it comes to emotions and feelings, there must always be a balance between what we receive and what we give.
Maybe I needed to leave myself when I realized this, but it’s not always easy to leave. Therefore, I remained in the relationship, taking a defensive pose. I thought I would have to defend my dignity.It's hard to leave, because when we let go of a person, we let go of a piece of ourselves.Good or bad, but this is the part of us that goes out the door and never returns.
Parting is not just a moment when we say that this is my road, and this is yours, and we are not on the way, we will not meet again.This is a long process that takes place between the day when we realized that we were in pain and the day when we decided to let go of this pain.
For me it was a long, painful struggle. I remember how the two of us sat on the couch. It was one of those days when we were just silent, walked around the house as if each other did not exist, but always ran across each other, opening the door or taking out the dishes. I remember thinking that if I closed my eyes, I could imagine that he had disappeared. And I told him: "I have magical abilities." And he said: "You're crazy." Silence grew into passion. Negative.
But I still did not give a damn about him. I loved his warm touch, as he hugged me before going to bed, even if we had a lot of quarrel before that.Maybe we were afraid to talk about parting, because we were afraid that we would not have such closeness with anyone else in all respects. We were afraid of our naked souls and doubted whether we were still worth someone’s love.
I am sure that we could not be together because we are too different. I am a creative person, and he is more calculating. But I still do not know how relationships and sex depend on the similarities and differences. The life we ​​were trying to build stood on a shaky surface.
I still remember what we dreamed about, what connected us - some kind of distance from the whole world, but very different distance.
The science of parting comes down to this:the process of parting ends when the offense passes. When we can say: I forgive you as I forgave myself.
Do you know what they call those who keep guinea pigs at home? Leaders If you want to become a real pig and help your child learn to care for animals, our article will help you choose a good animal and understand how to care for it
Without proper delegation, business develops slowly, and life passes by. Ekaterina Azizova on how to set goals
The arrangement of the Ministry of Environment and Water (MOEW) came with regards to a national vision to reinforce the dedication of the United Arab Emirates to the earth and supportable
improvement, as a reaction to a considerable lot of the advancements that have happened on the national and worldwide levels in the earlier years. The UAE has made the natural issue as one of the main attentiveness toward it is considered as a key contribution for accomplishing supportable improvement. MOEW was set up in February 2006, supplanting the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, assuming responsibility and obligation of every one of its forces and capacities.
As indicated by the hierarchical structure embraced by the service, five principle parts are incorporated: Environmental Affairs Sector, Agricultural and Animal Affairs Sector, Water Resources and Nature Conservation Sector, Support Services Sector and Regions Sector. Other than the Minister Sector, which drives a scope of operational divisions, for example, Strategic Planning and Performance Department, Governmental Communications Department, International Cooperation Department, the Coordination of Municipal Affairs Office, the Internal Audit Office, External Audit Sector, UAE Green Development Strategy Follow-up Office, and National Committee for Biodiversity Office.
Cool Novels Film and Screen Graphic Novels Hot off the Press Maori & Pacific Island Most Popular Novels Primary and Intermediate School Secondary School
General Ficton Lower Primary - 5 to 7 years Middle Primary - 8 to 9 Years Upper Primary 10 Plus Years
Please take a few moments to send us your questions, comments or suggestions, and we will respond as quickly as possible.
Honestly, I AM getting around to a straight answer. The explanation is just so exposition heavy that I had to move the set up to a separate page. Besides, the last couple of pages haven't done much in terms of close ups or far away shots, so it's nice to have a chance to work some of that back in.
Speaking of working back in, can you BELIEVE how long it's been since Avatar had anything to do? What the heck?!?!?!?!?
EDIT: Oh, and because I forgot to change the live date before loading this page, you get to see it a few hours early! HUZZAH!!!
Seductive lesbians have roleplaying sex 1, Melissa and Samantha Freddie January 30, I wondered walking into work the next Monday what it would be like.
Seems like it starts off as the boss sexually harassing the worker. Kenna James and Raven Bay have an orgasm break in the office 6: Nice September 8, Reader65 July 16, Female agent fingers make up artist Lesbian Seduction of My Coworker She can no longer hide how she feels about her. Stripper lesbian videos. Lesbians having sex in a office. Thanks for helping us associate the correct Pornstars to this video! Anthony Verdi was also a lucky son-of-a-bitch because his daddy owned a successful business.
The rest of the night had passed in a fitful sleep which had done nothing to refresh me. Darkstorm August 2, Tim April 19, I was almost shocked at how incredible her body was. Work was almost impossible.
We would play games like this where she would pretend to resist me and force her to eat my pussy. Priapic October 9, Margaret was a feisty redhead, in her mid-thirties, with two small kids, and in My head was thick, my mouth dry, my tummy heaving. Busty amateur model gets big dildo My Date with Celia I have an exciting date with a work colleague.
So when I left work one night, and Angie from the Parts Department had a flat tire, I didn't think twice about offering to help. Yesterday, something changed and, or should I Your download will start in. Nude fantasy warrior women. Hungarian lesbian secretary eating pussy on a desk 7: Damn then seeing her pull her panties off and sitting on the woman having her lick and such that fabulous pussy was so erotic.
But this is what everybody else wanted. Rene russo nude photos. Two Redhead Lesbian Office 7: Do these Pornstars appear in this video? Their regular photographer was unable to do the shoot so her boss had hired his old college roommate to do the shoot. Thus, unlike earlier in my career when She and I are both in our late forties.
Asian Hotties Using a Strap-on in the Office: Despite my arousal, I needed to get my head straight and nail this interview. Lesbians having sex in a office. Pussy eater April 10, She wanted to fuck him so badly.
She and Robert, the photographer, had a torrid love affair They were both Tier 1 tech support specialists for an IT company. From my point of view, nothing had changed.
Ads by Traffic Junky. Another Late Night Ch. Dannyd June 3, Lesbian Office Sex There was no one else in the room so she looked around at the small cozy spot.
Pierced pussy blonde fucked strap on in casting Comment contains invalid characters. Join Youporn Premium and never look back. Celebrity stolen nude pics. This party had been just as fun and just as boring as those in years past. Select the details below that best describe this video. Thanks for helping us sort this video! Awesome vid my 8. Mick nicky July 13,
Eufrat lesbian sex Recently, I did just that. They were both Tier 1 tech support specialists for an IT company. I always wanted to do seduction play like that with another woman
Deep tissue massage naked Brunette girls suck each other off and rub each others muff in the bathroom Despite my arousal, I needed to get my head straight and nail this interview.
We are looking for new Translators to do new series, if you have any suggestion that may interest us, please contact us and be our translators, we will scanlate that series together.
One thing I’ve noticed, is that for the female characters, the translation still refers to them as “actors”, and not “actresses”. I’m not sure whether they’re differentiated in Japanese, or if there is only a single word that refers to them both, but it does bug me every time someone calls Yonagi an “actor”.
There are 2 different terms in the raw, the translator follows them closely, whenever “actor” is used for Yonagi, it leans towards the neutral gender meaning to indicate a job/profession.
The Fallen Angels, purveyors of forbidden texts—the unholy medium known as manga. Through the sinful efforts of a team of dedicated scanlators, we hope to spread the guilty pleasures of a multitude of fantastic series to the masses! They say that pride cometh before the fall, but boast we must, for we shall trumpet our quality scanlation work to the four corners of the earth. Fall with us, and take wing!
Press Release of the Day: 22th of November 2016. Free Hour of Code Workshops December 5 through 11 at Every Apple... https://t.co/efxCldPUEC 22 November 2016
Press Release of the Day: 18th of November 2016. Philips Receives 2016 Best in KLAS Award in Ultrasound.... https://t.co/HpE5l7upX1 18 November 2016
philips collection furniture collection furniture chair with wood phillips collection furniture high point nc.
collection phillips furniture buy high point nc manufacturers,phillips collection furniture high point nc nyc is renowned for organic house tipster,phillips collection chairs furniture manufacturers price,naturally unique collection creates furniture from the phillips buy price,phillips collection furniture price nyc seat belt dining chair white side,phillips collection furniture manufacturers price the at high point modern soulful style,collection dining table phillips furniture price seat belt chairs high point nc,seat belt furniture by collection phillips buy high point nc chairs,phillips collection furniture high point nc buy price storage seat belt chairs house,collection coffee table modern furniture phillips chairs buy.
DivorceCare is a seminar and support group for people going through the process of separation and divorce. DivorceCare's DVD seminar series features Christian pastors, counselors and experts on divorce and recovery, discussing topics from a biblical perspective. Real people share stories of how they faced the pain of separation and divorce with Christ's strength and comfort.
Seminar sessions include topics like, What's Happening to Me?, Facing My Anger, Facing My Depression, Single Sexuality and Forgiveness. Video sessions are combined with confidential support group discussion each week and a manual designed for your personal reflection and journaling.
It is led by people who understand that you are going through one of life's most difficult experiences. Having gone through it themselves, they want to help you find help, discover hope and experience healing.
GriefShare is a seminar support group for people grieving the death of someone close. GriefShare's DVD seminar series features Christian pastors, counselors, and experts on grief's various facets discussing topics from a biblical perspective. Topics include The Journey of Grief, Your Family and Grief, Why?, Stuck in Grief and Heaven.
The video sessions are combined with confidential support group discussion each week and a manual designed for your personal reflection and journaling.
It is led by people who understand that you are going through one of life's most devastating experiences and are here to help you on your journey from mourning to joy. Whether your loss is recent or the pain is still overwhelming long after, you are welcome.
Shemale - A very feminine high class companion in town. A versatile Filipina TS/Shemale that can be the top of your world or your sweet vanilla girlfriend. Having a high sex
GRACE is mentioned in the Bible many times, yet Jesus never spoke the word "GRACE" as recorded in English. GRACE is a result of "faith in Jesus Christ."
GRACE can also mean: to beseech, to give, grant, to entreat, merciful, to have pity upon, and make supplication.
GRACE can also mean: to stoop in kindness to an inferior, to bestow, to implore, and to move to favor by petition.
GRACE can mean: divine influence upon the heart, and its reflection in life; benefit, favor, gift, and divine favor.
GRACE can mean: God’s goodness, love, mercy, and kindness toward people without regard to their work, deeds, and in spite of what they deserve.
GRACE can also mean: GRACEfulness, good suitableness, good, well, well-done, to be suitable or proper, graciousness, acceptable, joy, liberality, pleasure, thankworthy, happy or well-off, farewell, be glad, God speed, greeting, hail, joy, rejoice.
It also has other meanings in the English language that do not apply to the usage of the biblical word of "GRACE."
GRACE, regarding salvation, conveys the meaning of the greatest free gift that can be given to someone totally separated from any effort or from anything one might do to deserve it.
GRACE may be said to be the greatest most wonderful gift, paid for with the greatest price in history, and given freely to those who do not deserve it.
GRACE may be said to be the culmination of all the past covenants. It does not destroy the Law, but fulfills it. It is the fulfillment of the Old Testament.
Salvation is given based on what Christ did at the cross. It is a free gift that cannot be earned through the works of the Law, through our own good works, or by any other method. It is a free gift that is given as a result of our faith and repentance towards God.
It is written, Eph 2:8-FOR BY GRACE ARE YE SAVED (or delivered) THROUGH FAITH (or trusting); AND THAT NOT OF YOURSELVES (this is not your accomplishment-JNT): IT IS THE GIFT OF GOD:
Eph 2:10-FOR WE ARE HIS WORKMANSHIP (or making), CREATED IN (union with) CHRIST JESUS UNTO (or to do) GOOD WORKS (or actions), WHICH GOD HATH BEFORE (or in advance) ORDAINED (or prepared) THAT WE SHOULD WALK IN (or do) THEM.
ARE YE SAVED (or delivered). A person is delivered from the darkness to the light. He is saved from eternal death to eternal life. He is delivered from the shackles of the law of sin and death, to the freedom of the law of liberty and the eternal life. He is delivered from the power of the devil, to the GRACE of God. He is delivered from the second death. He is delivered from the old man and becomes a new man. The list could go on and on.
THROUGH FAITH. The faith that saves has to be centered in the person of Jesus Christ, God’s only begotten Son, Who came in the flesh; Who is the middle Person of the Trinity. Jesus Christ is to be a person’s ONLY hope of salvation. As it is written, THERE IS NONE OTHER NAME UNDER HEAVEN GIVEN AMONG MEN, WHEREBY WE MUST BE SAVED-Acts 4:12.
AND THAT NOT OF YOURSELVES (this is not your accomplishment-JNT). There is absolutely nothing any person can do to earn his way into heaven. GRACE is totally dependent upon the work that Jesus Christ did at the cross. It is Jesus that gave His life, a ransom for many.
IT IS THE GIFT OF GOD. GRACE through faith is a gift given to us by God. It is the greatest gift there is.
NOT (as a result) OF WORKS (or your own actions). No works or actions that a person can do can earn them the gift of GRACE. There is an absolute requirement, however. That requirement is true faith which produces good fruit.
LEST ANY MAN (therefore) SHOULD BOAST. If a person could earn their way into heaven, then great boasting could take place. However, all are under sin. All have sinned. There is none righteous, no not one. Thus, it is by GRACE. It is a gift. Salvation is dependent upon the work that Jesus did. If a person is misled into thinking they can earn their way into heaven by being a good person; then the question is asked, "Why the cross?"
CREATED IN (union with) CHRIST JESUS UNTO (or to do) GOOD WORKS (or actions), WHICH GOD HATH BEFORE (or in advance) ORDAINED (or prepared) THAT WE SHOULD WALK IN (or do) THEM. We are created to do the will of God. We were created to do the works that God has ordained for us, before we were even born. God sets up circumstances and determines where we will live; all in accordance with His will. He then puts us in circumstances in which the works He has ordained for us to do become evident. We are to walk in the works God gives us to do.
The number one work all Christians should be involved in, is study, and study, and study the Word of God.
We can only come to God by Jesus Christ; by the GRACE He extends to us; by the GRACE which is in Him, by Him, through Him, of Him, and from Him.
As already stated, we received GRACE for "obedience" to the faith, to Jesus, to the Word; for obedience unto righteousness, and GRACE reigns through righteousness.
If we turn from our righteousness, it means that we have stopped being obedient to the Gospel. The Scriptures tell us that GRACE reigns through righteousness. He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
BJI Inc is a manufacturer of home furnishings for commercial purposes. They offer products like indoor and outdoor chairs, tables, sofas, love seats for home and commercial use.
Lancedre specializes in manufacturing various outdoors furniture components, fence and lattice, lattice panels, notches. Their products include garden furnitures, patios, adirondac chairs, outdoor chairs, benches, siding, houses, pergolas, swimming-pools, spas, saunas, etc.
Shade USA Inc distributes variety of beach umbrellas, beach chairs and other products through online.
Shade USA Inc specializes in distributing variety of beach umbrellas, beach chairs and other products through online. Their products include beach cabanas, beach towels, beach blankets, beach tents, golf umbrellas, patio umbrellas, camping chairs, camping cots, cots, military cots, camp cots, outdoor chairs, beach tent, etc.
A blog hop is a set time frame for current or aspiring bloggers to find new blogs and quality content. It is a great way to make new friends and find inspiration! It is also a fabulous way to promote your own blog and posts.
What a day to celebrate! This is the 208th week of the Let’s Be Friends blog hop! Thanks for joining us on this special day. Chelsee and Tiffany are extremely delighted to see the way this hop has grown and love to see your faces each week!
Join us every Tuesday at 7am (MST). This blog hop focuses on content. LINK UP YOUR FAVORITE POST from last week in this fun content-sharing blog hop! I love the idea of blog hopping, but I love the idea of reading posts and quality content on new blogs I’ve never been to even more. Instead of simply linking up your blog button, you are now able to link up your favorite post you recently wrote. Have a delicious recipe to share, DIY tutorial, or heartfelt post? Share it with us! All hosts and co-hosts put up some unique and fun content from the past week. Make sure to check them out. P.S.- you may still link up your blog button and blog name, but it is encouraged to link up your favorite post instead. You will get more page views and interest if you do so! Some of the most successful blog hops I have participate in focus on content rather than just exchanging follows. You never know who will become a loyal follower or pin that delicious new recipe you posted!
The BEST part of this blog hop? Each week there will be a WINNER! That’s right, each week we will choose one lucky blog to feature from the previous week’s hop. This hop receives thousands of page views every week, so your blog will have the chance to be center stage for free. You must follow all the hosts in order to win. Only those who link up a specific post are eligible to be featured! *You must follow all the hosts and co-hosts in order to win.
Thank you all once again for continually linking up at our blog hop. It is such a fun time and I am so impressed each week with all the amazing posts. Please continue to link up an actual post instead of your blog. We want to keep reading your content and it makes it more fun to pick a winner!
Hi everyone! This is Tiffany this week! I am getting so excited for Valentine’s Day! I think it is a really fun holiday to celebrate. The pink and red, hearts and candy, and stuffed animals and chocolate is just so sweet. This tutorial from Aspen Jay is adorable! I love the heart wreath for a front door or gift! Such an awesome and simple tutorial with a whole lot of bang! This tutorial is just darling and I totally want to make one of these now! Check out the blog Aspen Jay– there is so much goodness over there! Crafts, babies, blog, and party resources galore! 🙂
Archives Select Month October 2018 July 2018 May 2018 April 2018 February 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 April 2012
Southern Beauty Guide is a Lifestyle & Beauty Blog written by Chelsee, a freelance makeup artist & life enthusiast. Chelsee is a self-proclaimed lover of all things Beauty and Life, who loves that makeup gives women confidence. She loves indulging in all the latest and greatest in Beauty, fashion, lifestyle trends, technology, and gadgets/services. At Southern Beauty Guide, there are tons of product reviews, DYI posts, and tips and tricks to make things easier for readers.
St. George Area Chamber of Commerce Meeting held on October 20, 2010. Political debate between Congressman Jim Matheson and Morgan Philpot
Make sure that you go on any fishing trip well prepared. Equip yourself and your tackle box with all the necessary items for a successful adventure. Bass may not be very stubborn or particularly challenging fish to catch but still they can present certain quirks that it is best for you to know about.
Besides if you do decide to go down this road you need to be aware of the fact that the manufacturing engineers have chosen the pole and reel in such a way so that they fit perfectly. Some line has to be wound onto the spool and that′s all you have to do to start angling right after you′ve received the package at your home.
saltwater fishing gear trout fishing gear bass fishing gear fly rod combo fishing clothing saltwater fishing equipment ice fishing gear fly fishing combo fly fishing tackle shops fly fishing supplies fly rod fishing gear packages fly reels
The South Lyon Farmers Market is located in the municipal parking lot at the corner of Liberty and Pontiac Trail.
The Farmers Market is located in the municipal parking lot at the northwest corner of Pontiac Trail and Liberty Street. This is directly adjacent to Sweetwater Bar & Grill and across the street from the Post Office.
There is ample free parking on the street and in the municipal lot directly across Liberty Street from the Farmers Market.
Like the wonderful Christmas Markets of Europe, the Christmas Market features food and gifts from Poland, Ukraine, Germany, Slovakia, the British Isles, Scandinavia, and Italy. You’ll find unique, handmade, collectible, and vintage gifts, baked goods[...]
Now after only a month or five weeks or so, I'm hearing back from folks that they are noticing significant changes. People are reporting increases in thigh circumference of 1/2" up to nearly 1"even in dogs 9 or 10 years old -- that had significant muscle loss. Some of these were dogs that had CCL (ACL) surgery and others who had muscle loss due to old age.
I don't have this listed on my website yet, but if you are interested, just PM me. I have 250 mg capsules of Pure and Natural L-Carnitine. 100 capsules are $28.
Do you know if the people who are giving good reports changed how they exercised the dog in addition to giving the supplement. Or did the just do the daily walks or runs? Before hunting season starts, I need to increase the muscle on my 11 year old draht after some dramatic weight loss .
Unfortunately it hasn't cooled down much here, so I am having trouble starting the running. I started her dragging 10lbs of weight when we go on midnight walks. That is 25% of her current weight. 20% of her best weight.
These people basically didn't change what they were doing with their dogs (basically all retrievers).
With the training that these "high end" dogs do, this time of year, they were for the most part working pretty hard.... as they always do.
At first I thought that 1974 Book is a good one... so far from the cover and how the message is shown... but you know the old school tricks with the scam, right?
30.0% "Come on... this place which David Peace has created is a fucking nighmare... people ignore you... behave bad with you...
Bad cops can be found and here David have created two of them... and they are comming and going and comming and going..."
I think the author is confused so and all of his characters which were created by him are at the same level of mindset as him..."
Sometimes we should start... somehow... and end... somehow... life has never been fulfilled with happy moments only."
10.0% "The Shit from the future... it's as bad ... as somebody saying to you lies and you can detect them without any type of problem."
5.0% "Very Curious what David Peace has created... I have never read a book or watched a film based on a book by him... so...
membrane technologies for water treatment removal of toxic trace elements with emphasis on arsenic fluoride and uranium sustainable water management treatment efficiency and reuse no short description membrane technologies for water treatment removal of toxic trace elements with emphasis on arsenic fluoride and uranium sustainable water management treatment efficiency and reuse because this is pdf file PDF file
membrane technologies for water treatment removal of toxic trace elements with emphasis on arsenic fluoride and uranium sustainable water management treatment efficiency and reuse no short description membrane technologies for water treatment removal of toxic trace elements with emphasis on arsenic fluoride and uranium sustainable water management treatment efficiency and reuse because this is doc file DOC file
relational leadership a biblical guide to fellowship no short description relational leadership a biblical guide to fellowship because this is pdf file PDF file
relational leadership a biblical guide to fellowship no short description relational leadership a biblical guide to fellowship because this is doc file DOC file
joe and me an education in fishing and friendship no short description joe and me an education in fishing and friendship because this is pdf file PDF file
joe and me an education in fishing and friendship no short description joe and me an education in fishing and friendship because this is doc file DOC file
women icons of the west five women who forged the american frontier notable western women no short description women icons of the west five women who forged the american frontier notable western women because this is pdf file PDF file
women icons of the west five women who forged the american frontier notable western women no short description women icons of the west five women who forged the american frontier notable western women because this is doc file DOC file
graphic organizer of hypothesis theory and law no short description graphic organizer of hypothesis theory and law because this is pdf file PDF file
graphic organizer of hypothesis theory and law no short description graphic organizer of hypothesis theory and law because this is doc file DOC file
study guide to accompany american government balancing democracy and rights no short description study guide to accompany american government balancing democracy and rights because this is pdf file PDF file
study guide to accompany american government balancing democracy and rights no short description study guide to accompany american government balancing democracy and rights because this is doc file DOC file
principles of marketing solution manual no short description principles of marketing solution manual because this is pdf file PDF file
principles of marketing solution manual no short description principles of marketing solution manual because this is doc file DOC file
1995 and beyond a concise prophecy of 21st century world events no short description 1995 and beyond a concise prophecy of 21st century world events because this is pdf file PDF file
1995 and beyond a concise prophecy of 21st century world events no short description 1995 and beyond a concise prophecy of 21st century world events because this is doc file DOC file
cfe higher maths practice papers for sqa exams no short description cfe higher maths practice papers for sqa exams because this is pdf file PDF file
cfe higher maths practice papers for sqa exams no short description cfe higher maths practice papers for sqa exams because this is doc file DOC file
body of health body of health no short description body of health body of health because this is pdf file PDF file
body of health body of health no short description body of health body of health because this is doc file DOC file
paul cushman the work and world of an early 19th century albany potter albany institute of history and art no short description paul cushman the work and world of an early 19th century albany potter albany institute of history and art because this is pdf file PDF file
paul cushman the work and world of an early 19th century albany potter albany institute of history and art no short description paul cushman the work and world of an early 19th century albany potter albany institute of history and art because this is doc file DOC file
pyxis systems training manual no short description pyxis systems training manual because this is pdf file PDF file
pyxis systems training manual no short description pyxis systems training manual because this is doc file DOC file
the glorious first of june hearts of oak trilogy no short description the glorious first of june hearts of oak trilogy because this is pdf file PDF file
the glorious first of june hearts of oak trilogy no short description the glorious first of june hearts of oak trilogy because this is doc file DOC file
student solutions manual for linear algebra with applications no short description student solutions manual for linear algebra with applications because this is pdf file PDF file
student solutions manual for linear algebra with applications no short description student solutions manual for linear algebra with applications because this is doc file DOC file
the fathers illustrated edition vol 1 st clement to st paulinus of nola no short description the fathers illustrated edition vol 1 st clement to st paulinus of nola because this is pdf file PDF file
the fathers illustrated edition vol 1 st clement to st paulinus of nola no short description the fathers illustrated edition vol 1 st clement to st paulinus of nola because this is doc file DOC file
physics for scientists and engineers with modern physics 9th edition the ohio state university no short description physics for scientists and engineers with modern physics 9th edition the ohio state university because this is pdf file PDF file
physics for scientists and engineers with modern physics 9th edition the ohio state university no short description physics for scientists and engineers with modern physics 9th edition the ohio state university because this is doc file DOC file
beowulf study guide student copy answers no short description beowulf study guide student copy answers because this is doc file DOC file
boycraft loads of things to make for and with boys and girls no short description boycraft loads of things to make for and with boys and girls because this is pdf file PDF file
boycraft loads of things to make for and with boys and girls no short description boycraft loads of things to make for and with boys and girls because this is doc file DOC file
perhaps in gods lifetime when all truth is known no short description perhaps in gods lifetime when all truth is known because this is pdf file PDF file
perhaps in gods lifetime when all truth is known no short description perhaps in gods lifetime when all truth is known because this is doc file DOC file
politics in the european union bache no short description politics in the european union bache because this is pdf file PDF file
politics in the european union bache no short description politics in the european union bache because this is doc file DOC file
seductive delusions how everyday people catch stds by jill a grimes 2008 paperback no short description seductive delusions how everyday people catch stds by jill a grimes 2008 paperback because this is pdf file PDF file
seductive delusions how everyday people catch stds by jill a grimes 2008 paperback no short description seductive delusions how everyday people catch stds by jill a grimes 2008 paperback because this is doc file DOC file
pdf book doing qualitative research naturalistic inquiry no short description pdf book doing qualitative research naturalistic inquiry because this is pdf file PDF file
pdf book doing qualitative research naturalistic inquiry no short description pdf book doing qualitative research naturalistic inquiry because this is doc file DOC file
stilettos and handcuffs no short description stilettos and handcuffs because this is pdf file PDF file
stilettos and handcuffs no short description stilettos and handcuffs because this is doc file DOC file
nice book scattered among nations bryan schwartz no short description nice book scattered among nations bryan schwartz because this is pdf file PDF file
nice book scattered among nations bryan schwartz no short description nice book scattered among nations bryan schwartz because this is doc file DOC file
the land grant colleges and the reshaping of american higher education the land grant colleges and the reshaping of american higher education no short description the land grant colleges and the reshaping of american higher education the land grant colleges and the reshaping of american higher education because this is pdf file PDF file
the land grant colleges and the reshaping of american higher education the land grant colleges and the reshaping of american higher education no short description the land grant colleges and the reshaping of american higher education the land grant colleges and the reshaping of american higher education because this is doc file DOC file
turn signal indicator sportster not working no short description turn signal indicator sportster not working because this is pdf file PDF file
turn signal indicator sportster not working no short description turn signal indicator sportster not working because this is doc file DOC file
engineering animals how life works no short description engineering animals how life works because this is pdf file PDF file
engineering animals how life works no short description engineering animals how life works because this is doc file DOC file
harm reduction games and quiz no short description harm reduction games and quiz because this is pdf file PDF file
harm reduction games and quiz no short description harm reduction games and quiz because this is doc file DOC file
hong kong insects compiled for the urban services department no short description hong kong insects compiled for the urban services department because this is pdf file PDF file
hong kong insects compiled for the urban services department no short description hong kong insects compiled for the urban services department because this is doc file DOC file
spirit of the game exceptional photography from the hockey hall of fame no short description spirit of the game exceptional photography from the hockey hall of fame because this is pdf file PDF file
spirit of the game exceptional photography from the hockey hall of fame no short description spirit of the game exceptional photography from the hockey hall of fame because this is doc file DOC file
armstrong dent and the crime of the century a classified armstrong dent adventure season 1 book 5 no short description armstrong dent and the crime of the century a classified armstrong dent adventure season 1 book 5 because this is pdf file PDF file
armstrong dent and the crime of the century a classified armstrong dent adventure season 1 book 5 no short description armstrong dent and the crime of the century a classified armstrong dent adventure season 1 book 5 because this is doc file DOC file
trigonometry a unit circle approach 9th edition no short description trigonometry a unit circle approach 9th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
trigonometry a unit circle approach 9th edition no short description trigonometry a unit circle approach 9th edition because this is doc file DOC file
Silence by Shusaku Endo no short description Silence by Shusaku Endo because this is pdf file PDF file
Silence by Shusaku Endo no short description Silence by Shusaku Endo because this is doc file DOC file
Searching for interracial singles is now easy afroromance helps you start your interracial love journey search for interracial singles now. Whitemenblackwomenmeet is the best dating site where white men looking for black women, and black women dating white men find singles, date interracially. Black singles know blackpeoplemeetcom is the premier online destination for african american dating to meet black men or black women in your area, sign up today free. Sedona's best 100% free black girls dating site meet thousands of single black girls in sedona with mingle2's free african american women personal ads and chat rooms. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of single lesbian women in spring valley, az join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site.
Sedona's best free dating site 100% free online dating for sedona singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in sedona . On loveawakecom you can meet thousands of single pretty sedona women if you seek for free dating websites beautiful white women, sexy black ladies, . Free to join & browse - 1000's of singles in sedona, arizona - interracial dating, relationships & marriage online.
Meet single men in sedona az online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single men in sedona. Sedona black lesbians at pinkcupidcom join for free and meet hundreds of black lesbian singles in sedona and surrounding areas. Free to join browse thousands of single white women dating black men for interracial dating, relationships & marriage online.
1000s of sedona women dating personals signup free and start meeting local sedona women on bookofmatchescom™. Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles black sedona, arizona offers an women's dating 17 best . Sedona is home to hundreds of master healers and spiritual teachers download your free complimentary, no-obligation personal retreat guide here.
Date black men & asian women blasian luv forever™ is the #1 bmaw dating website on the planet bmaw dating: quality matches for friendship & marriage. Saint michaels's best 100% free dating site for single parents sedona single black women sedona single asian women sedona single latina hispanic women. Black women face prejudice every day i don’t need it in online dating, too at times, online dating as a black woman has been extraordinarily painful. Free to join & browse - 1000's of black women in sedona, arizona - interracial dating, relationships & marriage with ladies & females online.
100% free online dating in sedona 1,500,000 daily active members. Sedona's best free dating site 100% free online dating for sedona singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in sedona looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Meet single women in sedona az online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single women in sedona. Here is a list of beautiful women who signed up at our free singles dating site you can view these single women flagstaff / sedona for black women dating .
Sedona dating site, sedona personals, sedona singles looking for a woman who plan to visit egypti have a 5th degree black belt in shotokan karatei live in . Women seeking men in sedona, az view the singles dating in sedona, az at usaclassifieds411com , including black and indian singles profiles inthemoonlight2. Search for local single big beautiful women in tucson a drive to sedona, white mountains, movies, mature dating | black singles .
Afroromance is the premier interracial dating site for black & white singles join 1000's of singles online right now register for free now. Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles sedona is consistently acknowledged as one of the , women's dating match vs . Our worldwide array of women's retreats feature yoga, cleansing and fasting health retreat in sedona az black rock retreat. Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of arizona black sedona catholic singles and join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with more catholic singles than any other catholic dating site.
St. John Koukouzelis - Commemorated October 1 (http://christopherklitou.com/icon_1_oct_john_koukouzelis.htm)
John Kukuzelis was born in Dyrrachium, the birthplace of the Great Justinian, in Macedonia, probably during the twelfth century. His father died while he was still a child, and his devout mother placed him in school to learn to read and write and to chant. It so happened that he was noticed during a search for talented students and accepted into the school of the imperial court in Constantinople. Here he attracted the attention of the Emperor Comnenos and his court because of his exceptionally fine voice, comely appearance and native talent. Soon he surpassed all his school mates and eventually became the principal chanter for the court.
It was during his school years that he received the nick-name Kukuzelis. Because he was of Bulgarian birth, when he entered the imperial school he did not know the Greek language very well. Once his class-mates asked him what he had eaten for lunch. He replied, "Beans and greens," using the Greek word for broad beans, "kukia", and the Slavic word for greens, "zelie"; hence the name coined first in jest by his school mates, Kukuzelis.
The young John was constantly being showered with flattery and all kinds of favors because of his very moving chanting and his modesty. But in the midst of all this, his heart was burdened with a sense of secret sorrow which he himself could not explain, and this was coupled with an indifferent attitude towards the pleasures of life. John was languishing among all the charms of the court, among all the bright and promising hopes for the future, and he languished all the more, because he had no bosom friend to whom he could reveal his sorrow, who could sympathize with him and alleviate his sorrowful yearning.
His sufferings were multiplied when he learned that the Emperor had decided to marry him into a wealthy family. The very thought that because of the temporal delights of life he could lose the joy of the Kingdom of God so distressed the young John that he made up his mind that surely he must run away from the capital and hide himself in some remote desert hermitage. God beheld the purity of his intentions and came to his aid in realizing them.
When the chaste young John thus grew weary of the life at court and was thinking of a way to escape, the abbot of the Grand Lavra on Mount Athos arrived in Constantinople on monastery business. It so happened that John saw this elder and his young heart trembled with joy. In his childish and innocent way he admired the reverent appearance of his visitor from the Holy Mountain. He made his acquaintance, revealed his thoughts and intentions to him and asked for his instructions. When the elder not only approved but even blessed them, John followed almost in his footsteps when he left the capital to return to Athos.
Exchanging the fine silken garments of the court for a hair shirt and a pilgrim's staff, John soon appeared at the gates of the Grand Lavra. When the gatekeeper inquired where he was from and what he wanted, John replied that he was a simple shepherd and that he wanted to become a monk.
"It is good to take on the yoke of the Lord in one's youth," John meekly replied and began to beg to be presented to the abbot. The gatekeeper took him to the abbot, who was happy to accept him, because he was in need at that time of a shepherd to look after the goats.
After a short period of trial, John was tonsured and assigned the duty of looking after the monastery's flocks on the mountain pastures. This duty, which was completely new for him, overjoyed the devout young chanter· He went off with his flock into the depths of the Athonite wilderness, where his favorite occupation was meditation and prayer.
In the meantime the Emperor learned that his favorite chanter had run away. He was deeply hurt and sent special agents off to search everywhere for the young chanter. But being hidden by God, John remained totally unknown in spite of the fact that the Emperor's agents came to Mount Athos and were even in the Grand Lavra of St. Athanasius. No one could imagine that the poor shepherd in worn and tattered rags was a favorite of the imperial court.
Quietly and peacefully John passed his days and years in the desert; he could not get his fill of joy from his new circumstances. Once, when he was in a state of compunctionate and deep thought, he sat with his peacefully grazing flock. His thoughts went hack over all his past life and his heart trembled with the sense of a living gratitude to God and His all-hymned Mother for Their providence concerning him.
After looking about to make certain there was no one else in that wilderness that could hear him, John began to chant. Just as before, the divine words of the hymns and his angelic voice resounded in graceful melodies, but now they echoed through the wild desert heights of Athos. John was deeply moved and he chanted with all his skill and to his heart's content.
However, there was a certain hermit, who lived secretly inside a cave in a nearby diff. Suddenly this desert-dweller heard the most beautiful chanting ringing through that secluded wilderness. Quietly he came out of his cave and started to investigate where the chanting was coming from. Finally he discovered that the sweet sounds of the angelic chanting, which moved him to tears and brought his compunctionate soul into a state of special grace, was coming from a shepherd looking after a flock of goats. The desert-dweller was even more astonished when he noticed that the goats were not grazing under the melodious sounds of their shepherd's voice; these dumb beasts with bated breath encircled their shepherd and stood immovably staring before him, as if they were hypnotized or charmed by his angelic, rather than human, voice.
When he saw all this, the desert dweller made his way to the lavra and told the abbot about the marvelous shepherd and his extraordinary chanting, John was summoned from his secluded wilderness. "I adjure you by God,". said the abbot severely, !."Tell me the truth. Are you the court chanter John Kukuzelis who is being sought out by the Emperor?"
Falling at the abbot's feet, John begged his forgiveness, uttering through tears, "I am an unworthy sinner and I beg you with all my heart: let me remain with those same duties you assigned to me at the beginning. Let me look after the goats, so the Emperor will not find out about me."
The abbot could scarcely recognize in this pale and emaciated shepherd with his down-cast gaze the imperial favorite whom he had spoken with in Constantinople, a youth in his prime with a vibrant and captivating appearance. The abbot heeded his tearful request and left him to tend the goats as before.
However, the abbot was afraid the Emperor might hear some rumor about the discovery of this goat-herd chanter. So he set out for Constantinople and personally appeared before the Emperor.
"Have mercy, O sovereign, on your slave!" the elder cried out, kissing the feet of his monarch. "In the name of God, Who seeks the salvation of each and every one of us, I beg you, listen with fatherly condescension to my petition and grant it, so that God will fulfill all your desires in His good pleasure!"
Moved by the sincere and subject humility of the elder, the Emperor lifted him up and kindly asked, "Father, what is it that you want from me?"
"Forgive me, my sovereign, if I am bold before your Majesty! My request is insignificant for you to grant it. It is easy for you and there is nothing that can stop you except your own word. Moreover by granting it you will provide consolation and joy for the very angels and a great boon for my lavra."
"Exactly, exactly, my father," the Emperor said, touched by the simplicity of the old monk. "What is it that you want?"
"I beg and beseech your Majesty to grant me one of your subjects who is seeking his eternal salvation and is praying for your Majesty. Nothing else," said the abbot, and fell silent.
"First you must assure me in writing that you will release him to me," said the abbot, and then added timidly, "He is already in our lavra and has been tonsured to the angelic schema."
The Emperor commanded that the necessary documents be drawn up and affixed his signature. "His name is John Kukuzelis."
"Kukuzelis!" the Emperor exclaimed, and tears rolled from his eyes and fell on his royal breast. Then the abbot related everything in detail about John. The Emperor listened attentively and finally cried out with emotion, "I miss my favorite chanter! I miss my dear John! But if he has already been tonsured, there is nothing I can do. The salvation of his soul is what is most important. Let him pray for my salvation and for my kingdom."
The elder blessed the Lord and his merciful sovereign and joyfully returned to his lavra. Thus John was given his freedom to continue hymning the King of the heavens unimpeded.
Soon he received the blessing from the monastery to build himself a cell dedicated to the Archangels. Here he spent six days of the week in solitude. On Sundays and other feast days he came to the monastery's main church, where he took his place on the right choir and chanted with compunction along with the other chanters.
Once he chanted with particular inspiration on the Saturday of the Akathist Hymn. After the vigil he sat in one of the stalls on the choir opposite the icon of the Theotokos before which the akathist hymn had just been'' chanted. Because he was tired he fell into a light sleep.
Suddenly he heard a meek voice say, "Rejoice, John!" He looked, and there in a glow of heavenly light the Theotokos was standing before him. "Chant unto me and never stop chanting," she continued. "For this I will never abandon you."
The miraculous icon of Panagia Koukouzelissa, treasured by the Monastery of Megiste Lavra, and before which St. John chanted, and the Theotokos appeared to him (http://analogion.com/Pan_Koukouzelissa_Gr_Lavra.jpg)
At these words the Theotokos placed in John's hand a gold coin and then disappeared. John woke up and saw that there actually was a gold coin in his right hand. Tears of sincere gratitude flowed from the eyes of the chanter. He wept and blessed the unspeakable mercy and blessing he had received from the Queen of Heaven. The gold coin was placed on the icon of the Theotokos before which John had chanted and been granted this heavenly vision. Amazing miracles were worked by this icon which to this day is kept in a chapel just inside the main gates of the Grand Lavra.
[Note: Another tradition states that St. John actually was chanting a composition of his to the Theotokos when she appeared to him. This hymn ("Anothen oi Prophytai") is still chanted to this day during Orthros at the vesting of the Bishop:
From that time John carried out his duties in the choir even more fervently than before, and he was never absent from the right choir. However, because of his ascetic feats in his cell as well as from standing at the long services in church, his legs swelled up and were covered with infected sores full of maggots. But John did not suffer long. Once again, just as before, the Theotokos appeared to him in a light sleep and quietly told him, "From now on, be healthy?' The sores vanished and the grateful John spent the remainder of his days in astounding labors of the ascetic life, in fastings and vigils. He was especially gifted with deep humility.
[He also worked hard on the discipline of church singing, gaining the title of both master teacher and regent (overseer). He arranged and compiled melodies for church stichera verses, troparia and kontakia. He edited texts of hymns and wrote his own troparia. Some of his compositions are also in the following manuscripts: "A Book, by the Will of God Encompassing All the Order of Progression of Church Services, Compiled by Master Teacher John Koukouzelis," "Progression of Services, Compiled by Master Teacher John Koukouzelis,""From the Beginning of Great Vespers through to the Completion of the Divine Liturgy," and "The Science of Song and Singing Signs with all the Legitimate Hand-Placement and with all the Arrangements of Song." (http://ocafs.oca.org/FeastSaintsLife.asp?FSID=102832)
Also note that many of St. John's original compositions and melodies exist to this day. For example, see: "Praise the Lord - Long Version, First Mode, by St. John Koukouzelis: http://stanthonysmonastery.org/music/download.php?file=Chrys/Finale%202003%20-%20%5B1110_One%20is%20Holy.pdf"]
St. John was spiritually enlightened to such a degree that he was found worthy to learn the hour and day of his death. He bid a tender farewell to all the brethren who came to him and after asking to be buried in the church of the Archangels, which he had built himself, with a blessed smile on his prayerful lips, he passed away to the Lord on the first day of October.
Now he dwells in the heavens together with the choirs of the angels and with lips no longer earthly and corruptible he is never silent in glorifying the Ever-glorified, unto Whom from us also be honor and glory and thanksgiving unto the ages of ages. Amen.
Being zealous for righteousness in the prime of your life, you hastened to the Holy Mountain, and struggled perfectly. Therefore your Monastery is enriched by each of the hymns granted by you, as a precious gift. Therefore, O John, intercede with the Lord.
Let us praise the chosen one of the Lord, and let us fervently honor his virtues, for he lived a life of asceticism, keeping all the commandments of the Lord, steadfastly desiring perfect virtue, to whom we cry out: Hail, O divine teacher.
You called an angel from your youth, as having the voice of the Angels, and along with your divinely-granted voice, you founded virtue, O Righteous one, through much asceticism, and therefore were made worthy to hear:
On the first of this month (October), our Righteous Father John the chanter, who was called Koukouzelis, who struggled in humility in the Holy Monastery of Great Lavra on Athos, and reposed in peace.
Through the prayers of our Holy Fathers, Lord Jesus Christ our God, have mercy on us and save us! Amen!
[1.] They that are spectators of the heathen games, when they have learned that a distinguished athlete and winner of crowns is come from any quarter, run all together to view his wrestling, and all his skill and strength; and you may see the whole theater of many ten thousands, all there straining their eyes both of body and mind, that nothing of what is done may escape them. So again these same persons, if any admirable musician come amongst them, leave all that they had in hand, which often is necessary and pressing business, and mount the steps, and sit listening very attentively to the words and the accompaniments, and criticising the agreement of the two. This is what the many do.
Again; those who are skilled in rhetoric do just the same with respect to the sophists, for they too have their theaters, and their audience, and clappings of hands, and noise, and closest criticism of what is said.
And if in the case of rhetoricians, musicians, and athletes, people sit in the one case to look on, in the other to see at once and to listen with such earnest attention; what zeal, what earnestness ought ye in reason to display, when it is no musician or debater who now comes forward to a trial of skill, but when a man is speaking from heaven, and utters a voice plainer than thunder? for he has pervaded the whole earth with the sound; and occupied and filled it, not by the loudness of the cry, but by moving his tongue with the grace of God.
And what is wonderful, this sound, great as it is, is neither a harsh nor an unpleasant one, but sweeter and more delightful than all harmony of music, and with more skill to soothe; and besides all this, most holy, and most awful, and full of mysteries so great, and bringing with it goods so great, that if men were exactly and with ready mind to receive and keep them, they could no longer be mere men nor remain upon the earth, but would take their stand above all the things of this life, and having adapted themselves to the condition of angels, would dwell on earth just as if it were heaven.
[2.] For the son of thunder, the beloved of Christ, the pillar of the Churches throughout the world, who holds the keys of heaven, who drank the cup of Christ, and was baptized with His baptism, who lay upon his Master’s bosom with much confidence, this man comes forward to us now; not as an actor of a play, not hiding his head with a mask, (for he hath another sort of words to speak,) nor mounting a platform, nor striking the stage with his foot, nor dressed out with apparel of gold, but he enters wearing a robe of inconceivable beauty. For he will appear before us having “put on Christ” ( Rom. xiii. 14; Gal. iii. 27 ), having his beautiful “feet shod with the preparation of the Gospel of peace” ( Eph. vi. 15 ); wearing a girdle not about his waist, but about his loins, not made of scarlet leather nor daubed outside with gold, but woven and composed of truth itself. Now will he appear before us, not acting a part, (for with him there is nothing counterfeit, nor fiction, nor fable,) but with unmasked head he proclaims to us the truth unmasked; not making the audience believe him other than he is by carriage, by look, by voice, needing for the delivery of his message no instruments of music, as harp, lyre, or any other the like, for he effects all with his tongue, uttering a voice which is sweeter and more profitable than that of any harper or any music. All heaven is his stage; his theater, the habitable world; his audience, all angels; and of men as many as are angels already, or desire to become so, for none but these can hear that harmony aright, and show it forth by their works; all the rest, like little children who hear, but what they hear understand not, from their anxiety about sweetmeats and childish playthings; so they too, being in mirth and luxury, and living only for wealth and power and sensuality, hear sometimes what is said, it is true, but show forth nothing great or noble in their actions through fastening themselves for good to the clay of the brickmaking. By this Apostle stand the powers from above, marveling at the beauty of his soul, and his understanding, and the bloom of that virtue by which he drew unto him Christ Himself, and obtained the grace of the Spirit. For he hath made ready his soul, as some well-fashioned and jeweled lyre with strings of gold, and yielded it for the utterance of something great and sublime to the Spirit.
[3.] Seeing then it is no longer the fisherman the son of Zebedee, but He who knoweth “the deep things of God” ( 1 Cor. ii. 10 ), the Holy Spirit I mean, that striketh this lyre, let us hearken accordingly. For he will say nothing to us as a man, but what he saith, he will say from the depths of the Spirit, from those secret things which before they came to pass the very Angels knew not; since they too have learned by the voice of John with us, and by us, the things which we know. And this hath another Apostle declared, saying, “To the intent that unto the principalities and powers might be known by the Church the manifold wisdom of God.” ( Eph. iii. 10.) If then principalities, and powers, and Cherubim, and Seraphim, learned these things by the Church, it is very clear that they were exceedingly earnest in listening to this teaching; and even in this we have been not a little honored, that the Angels learned things which before they knew not with us; I do not at present speak of their learning by us also. Let us then show much silence and orderly behavior; not to-day only, nor during the day on which we are hearers, but during all our life, since it is at all times good to hear Him. For if we long to know what is going on in the palace, what, for instance, the king has said, what he has done, what counsel he is taking concerning his subjects, though in truth these things are for the most part nothing to us; much more is it desirable to hear what God hath said, especially when all concerns us. And all this will this man tell us exactly, as being a friend of the King Himself, or rather, as having Him speaking within himself, and from Him hearing all things which He heareth from the Father. “I have called you friends,” He saith, “for all things that I have heard of My Father, I have made known unto you.” ( John xv. 15.)
[4.] As then we should all run together if we saw one from above bend down “on a sudden” from the height of heaven, promising to describe exactly all things there, even so let us be disposed now. It is from thence that this Man speaketh to us; He is not of this world, as Christ Himself declareth, “Ye are not of the world” ( John xv. 19 ), and He hath speaking within him the Comforter, the Omnipresent, who knoweth the things of God as exactly as the soul of man knoweth what belongs to herself, the Spirit of holiness, the righteous Spirit, the guiding Spirit, which leads men by the hand to heaven, which gives them other eyes, fitting them to see things to come as though present, and giving them even in the flesh to look into things heavenly. To Him then let us yield ourselves during all our life in much tranquillity. Let none dull, none sleepy, none sordid, enter here and tarry; but let us remove ourselves to heaven, for there He speaketh these things to those who are citizens there. And if we tarry on earth, we shall gain nothing great from thence. For the words of John are nothing to those who do not desire to be freed from this swinish life, just as the things of this world to him are nothing. The thunder amazes our souls, having sound without significance; but this man’s voice troubles none of the faithful, yea, rather releases them from trouble and confusion; it amazes the devils only, and those who are their slaves. Therefore that we may know how it amazes them, let us preserve deep silence, both external and mental, but especially the latter; for what advantage is it that the mouth be hushed, if the soul is disturbed and full of tossing? I look for that calm which is of the mind, of the soul, since it is the hearing of the soul which I require. Let then no desire of riches trouble us, no lust of glory, no tyranny of anger, nor the crowd of other passions besides these; for it is not possible for the ear, except it be cleansed, to perceive as it ought the sublimity of the things spoken; nor rightly to understand the awful and unutterable nature of these mysteries, and all other virtue which is in these divine oracles. If a man cannot learn well a melody on pipe or harp, unless he in every way strain his attention; how shall one, who sits as a listener to sounds mystical, be able to hear with a careless soul?
[5.] Wherefore Christ Himself exhorted, saying, “Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine.” ( Matt. vii. 6.) He called these words “pearls,” though in truth they be much more precious than they, because we have no substance more precious than that. For this reason too He is wont often to compare their sweetness to honey, not that so much only is the measure of their sweetness, but because amongst us there is nothing sweeter. Now, to show that they very exceedingly surpass the nature of precious stones, and the sweetness of any honey, hear the prophet speaking concerning them, and declaring this superiority; “More to be desired are they,” he saith “than gold and much precious stone; sweeter are they also than honey and the honeycomb.” ( Ps. xix. 10.) But to those (only) who are in health; wherefore he has added, “For thy servant keepeth them.” And again in another place calling them sweet he has added, “to my throat.” For he saith, “How sweet are thy words unto my throat.” ( Ps. cxix. 103.) And again he insisteth on the superiority, saying, “Above honey and the honeycomb to my mouth.” For he was in very sound health. And let not us either come nigh to these while we are sick, but when we have healed our soul, so receive the food that is offered us.
It is for this reason that, after so long a preface, I have not yet attempted to fathom these expressions (of St. John), in order that every one having laid aside all manner of infirmity, as though he were entering into heaven itself, so may enter here pure, and freed from wrath and carefulness and anxiety of this life, of all other passions. For it is not otherwise possible for a man to gain from hence anything great, except he have first so cleansed anew his soul. And let no one say that the time to the coming communion is short, for it is possible, not only in five days, but in one moment, to change the whole course of life. Tell me what is worse than a robber and a murderer, is not this the extremest kind of wickedness? Yet such an one arrived straight at the summit of excellence, and passed into Paradise itself, not needing days, nor half a day, but one little moment. So that a man may change suddenly, and become gold instead of clay. For since what belongs to virtue and to vice is not by nature, the change is easy, as being independent of any necessity. “If ye be willing and obedient,” He saith, “ye shall eat the good of the land.” ( Isa. i. 19.) Seest thou that there needs the will only? will—not the common wishing of the multitude—but earnest will. For I know that all are wishing to fly up to heaven even now; but it is necessary to show forth the wish by works. The merchant too wishes to get rich; but he doth not allow his wish to stop with the thought of it; no, he fits out a ship, and gets together sailors, and engages a pilot, and furnishes the vessel with all other stores, and borrows money, and crosses the sea, and goes away into a strange land, and endures many dangers, and all the rest which they know who sail the sea. So too must we show our will; for we also sail a voyage, not from land to land, but from earth to heaven. Let us then so order our reason, that it be serviceable to steer our upward course, and our sailors that they be obedient to it, and let our vessel be stout, that it be not swamped amidst the reverses and despondencies of this life, nor be lifted up by the blasts of vainglory, but be a fast and easy vessel. If so we order our ship, and so our pilot and our crew, we shall sail with a fair wind, and we shall draw down to ourselves the Son of God, the true Pilot, who will not leave our bark to be engulfed, but, though ten thousand winds may blow, will rebuke the winds and the sea, and instead of raging waves, make a great calm.
[6.] Having therefore ordered yourselves, so come to our next assembly, if at least it be at all an object of desire to you to hear somewhat to your advantage, and lay up what is said in your souls. But let not one of you be the “wayside,” none the “stony ground,” none the “full of thorns.” ( Matt. xiii. 4, 5, 7.) Let us make ourselves fallow lands. For so shall we (the preachers) put in the seed with gladness, when we see the land clean, but if stony or rough, pardon us if we like not to labor in vain. For if we shall leave off sowing and begin to cut up thorns, surely to cast seed into ground unwrought were extreme folly.
It is not meet that he who has the advantage of such hearing be partaker of the table of devils. “For what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness?” ( 2 Cor. vi. 14.) Thou standest listening to John, and learning the things of the Spirit by him; and dost thou after this depart to listen to harlots speaking vile things, and acting viler, and to effeminates cuffing one another? How wilt thou be able to be fairly cleansed, if thou wallowest in such mire? Why need I reckon in detail all the indecency that is there? All there is laughter, all is shame, all disgrace, revilings and mockings, all abandonment, all destruction. See, I forewarn and charge you all. Let none of those who enjoy the blessings of this table destroy his own soul by those pernicious spectacles. All that is said and done there is a pageant of Satan. But ye who have been initiated know what manner of covenants ye made with us, or rather ye made with Christ when He guided you into His mysteries, what ye spoke to Him, what speech ye had with Him concerning Satan’s pageant; how with Satan and his angels ye renounced this also, and promised that you would not so much as cast a glance that way. There is then no slight ground for fear, lest, by becoming careless of such promises, one should render himself unworthy of these mysteries.
[7.] Seest thou not how in king’s palaces it is not those who have offended, but those who have been honorably distinguished, that are called to share especial favor, and are numbered among the king’s friends. A messenger has come to us from heaven, sent by God Himself, to speak with us on certain necessary matters, and you leave hearing His will, and the message He sends to you, and sit listening to stage-players. What thunderings, what bolts from heaven, does not this conduct deserve! For as it is not meet to partake of the table of devils, so neither is it of the listening to devils; nor to be present with filthy raiment at that glorious Table, loaded with so many good things, which God Himself hath provided. Such is its power, that it can raise us at once to heaven, if only we approach it with a sober mind. For it is not possible that he who is continually under the influence of the words of God, can remain in this present low condition, but he needs must presently take wing, and fly away to the land which is above, and light on the infinite treasures of good things; which may it be that we all attain to, through the grace and lovingkindness of our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom and with whom be glory to the Father and the All-holy Spirit, now and ever, and world without end. Amen.
Elder Damaskenos (+2001) (Spiritual Father of the Monastery of St. John the Forerunner, Megara)writes: “We have the Saints and all the heavenly world dancing with us and celebrating with us. The Saints, with their love, capture our minds, so to speak... Every instant they communicate with us, because they are found amidst the light of God, and they are no longer burdened by material things. Therefore, they closely follow us continuously, and when we call upon them, immediately they visit us and save us from from many temptations, and the nous rejoices...”
“You see that the Saints leap to come to us, and they want us to leap towards them, that we might be friends. We should return this visitation, for they desire it unbelievably. And what if the visible world is separated from the invisible? We must embrace the love of Christ, and make the leap!”
In the spring of 1988 (March 17th), the Elder, together with three sisters of the Monastery set off by car to work on the then dirt road, which had become impassible due to the rains. At the same time they would cut grass for the Monastery's cows. A short distance before the outdoor icon-stand of St. Paraskevi, at Stampola's field that was filled with wild flowers, they saw a woman wearing a kerchief, and dressed in dark clothing, moving slowly and bending down. She looked as if she were searching for something. She suddenly lifted her head and gazed intensely on the Elder, as if she wanted to talk with him. Her wholly-radiant and white face, along with her large almond eyes made a great impression on everyone. They passed her, however, without speaking with her.
After about an hour, as they were returning, they again met this strange sight, as she moved in the same way at the same place. The sisters were curious and asked:
“Papou*, what a strange thing! What is this woman doing by herself for so long here? She doesn't look like she is gathering plants.”
[*Papou: Greek word for "Grandfather", used as a term of endearment by the nuns towards their spiritual father]
At that instant, the woman turned around and gazed at the Elder with great emphasis, however, this time the sisters asked:
Then the sisters thought that may this appearance was supernatural, and lamented that they didn't stop to investigate this unusual presence.
After a few days, at the end of the Divine Liturgy of Holy Saturday, one sister saw this same strange woman in church going to get antidoron from Papou. Astonished, she thought with joy: “Now you won't escape. I'll ask you who you are.” And she tried to catch her. As soon as she got closer, however, she disappeared before her eyes. She looked for her inside and outside of the Church, but she was gone! It was certain, furthermore, that her presence was supernatural.
Later Papou confessed that the sight of her and her appearance had filled his soul with a Divine exultation and informed him that she was St. Paraskevi. Besides this, for a while, he refused to accept this event as the Saint's appearance, as he feared being deluded. Because of this he tried to convince himself that this must have been an ordinary woman gathering plants. Of course, Papou would not accept all supernatural things as Divine, untested. For a long time, therefore, he repelled the spiritual sweetness that he sensed while remembering this meeting, thus protecting himself. However as he said, his soul did not find rest in this state of denial, and in the end, he lost peace in prayer. Thus he understood his mistake to not accept this blessing of God.
Later he confirmed to us: “As I stare into the eyes of St. Paraskevi, I greatly sense a river of Grace within me. I see that it raises me to a greater fire of Divine love. If I left my nous to work out the issue of the appearance of the Saint, I would have been wounded greatly! But I maintain that: “Who am I [to be worthy of such a vision]?” For there is always the danger of delusion.”
Later a spiritual child of his from Megara revealed: “I saw in a dream a woman who said: Go tell Damaskenos: Three times I appeared to you. What else do you want?”
None of the Lord’s laws disobey, but are all present to serve the divine command. He made an ordinance, therefore, and it shall not pass away. For by His word all things came into being, and instantly he is able to change them by the works of his word. He once said to the dry rock, “become a spring”, and a river of water came forth. He struck the rock, and poured forth water, and it became rivers. And the rock that was once dry and not quenching, became a spring of rivers and mother of waters. For God brings forth childbearing, not barrenness. The up till then barren rock was transformed into a lake, and the up till then barren Elizabeth was commanded to bear a child, and shown forth a mother, and showed her barrenness fruitful, and the old, burdened woman as a newly-wedded girl. For she who was heading towards the grave, now rejoiced in childbirth. For she whose body had wilted, God renewed her womb. And she whom youth abandoned, is divorced from old age. She who became neighbor to death, is called mother by a child. And this “mommy” transcends time, calling to motherly care, and the child she holds in her arms, she who once needed a cane due to her age. And the cry of the first-born child rings out, and the barren womb paradoxically gives birth, that the Virgin who gives birth beyond nature might be believed. How much greater and paradoxical are these new things! For a barren one and a Virgin have unexpectedly become mothers.
St. Phocas the Hieromartyr, Bishop of Sinope - Commemorated September 22nd (http://uncutmountainsupply.com/proddetail.asp?prod=1PH15)
Note: This is taken from a homily of St. John delivered on the feast of the transferral of the relics of St. Phocas to Constantinople. The translation is taken from "The Cult of the Saints", which includes translations of multiple homilies of the Saint on the Holy Martyrs. Though he is referring specifically to St. Phocas (purportedly the Hieromartyr, Bishop of Sinope), he is also describing the grace of all of the Martyrs of Christ, and the sanctification we receive by honoring them.
Let no one keep away from this holy festival. Let no virgin remain at home, let no married woman stick to the house. Let's empty the city, and set course for the martyr's tomb. After all, the imperial couple, too, are joining with us in the festivities. What excuse, then, does the private person have, when the imperial couple are quitting the palace and taking a seat at the martyr's tomb? For the nature of the martyr's power is such that it catches in its net not just private persons, but those who wear diadems. This [power is] a source of shame for the Greeks, this [power is] the censure of their error, this [power is] the total annihilation of demons. This [power is] our nobility, and the Church's crown. I celebrate with martyrs and instead of at [the sight of] meadows skip at the sight of their trophy, because instead of springs [of water] they poured forth blood. Their bones were consumed and yet their memory becomes fresher with every day. My point is that just as the sun cannot in any way be extinguished, so too the martyrs' memory. For Christ himself revealed: “The heaven and the earth will pass away, but my words will not pass away” (Mt 24.35). But let's put off our praises of the martyr until the appropriate moment. For truly what's been said is enough for the benefit of those who ought to assemble and make the day of the festival renowned. For what I said yesterday, I say again today, too, namely that while no glory will attach to the martyr from the attendance of large numbers, the blessing to you from being in the martyr's presence will be substantial. For just as the person who looks towards the sun doesn't make that star more brilliant, but floods their own eyes with light; so, too, then, the person who honors a martyr doesn't make him more radiant, but draws from him the light's blessing.
The Holy Prophet Jonah lived in the eighth century before the birth of Christ and was a successor of the Prophet Elisha.
[It is said that he was that son of the widow of Zarephath in Sidon whom the Prophet Elias had raised from the dead. (http://www.westsrbdio.org/prolog/prolog.htm)]
The Book of the Prophet Jonah contains prophecies about the judgments on the Israelite nation, the sufferings of the Savior, the downfall of Jerusalem, and the end of the world. Besides the prophecies, the Book of Jonah relates how he was sent to the Ninevites to preach repentance (Jon. 3: 3-10).
Icon depicting Jonah fleeing from the Lord on the ship, being thrown overboard, being disgorged by the sea beast, and preaching repentance to the people of Ninevah. Note that the full story is read annually in the Vespers of Holy Saturday (http://anastasis.org.uk/HWSat-V.htm) (http://pravicon.com/images/sv/s1018/s1018009.jpg)
Our Lord Jesus Christ, addressing the Scribes and the Pharisees who demanded a sign from Him, said that no sign would be given except for the sign of the Prophet Jonah, "As Jonah was in the belly of the whale three days and three nights, so also shall the Son of Man be in the heart of the earth three days and three nights (Mt. 12: 40). From these words the Lord shows clearly the symbolic meaning of the Book of the Prophet Jonah in relation to Christ's death on the Cross, descent into Hell, and the Resurrection.
Reproaching the lack of penitence and recalcitrance of the Jews, the Lord said, "The Ninevites shall rise in the judgment with this generation and will condemn it, because they repented at the preaching of Jonah; and one greater than Jonah is here" (Mt. 12: 41).
Prophet Jonah being disgorged by the sea beast, prefiguring Christ's Third-Day Resurrection (http://pravicon.com/images/sv/s1018/s1018007.jpg)
"And God said to Jonas: Are you then so very grieved over the gourd [which withered in the sun]? And he said: I am very grieved, even to death. And the Lord said: You had pity for the gourd, for which you had suffered no evil, nor did you rear it; it came into being before night, and perished before night. And I, shall I not have pity for Nineve the great city..." (Fourth Reading of the Vespers of Holy Saturday (http://anastasis.org.uk/HWSat-V.htm)) (http://pravicon.com/images/sv/s1018/s1018003.jpg)
The memory of your Prophet Jonah, we celebrate today, O Lord. By his prayers we entreat you: O Christ God, save our souls!
"The Holy Great Martyr Nicetas was a Goth (a Germanic tribe). He was born and lived on the banks of the Danube River, and suffered for Christ in the year 372. The Christian Faith was then already widely spread throughout the territory of the Goths. St Nicetas believed in Christ and accepted Baptism from the Gothic bishop Theophilus, a participant in the First Ecumenical Council. Pagan Goths began to oppose the spread of Christianity, which resulted in internecine strife.
After the victory of Fritigern, heading a Christian army and inflicting defeat on the pagan Athanaric, the Christian Faith began to spread increasingly among the Goths. The Arian bishop Ulfilas, the successor to Bishop Theophilus, created a Gothic alphabet and translated into the Gothic language many priestly books. St Nicetas worked intensely among his fellow Goths at spreading Christianity. By his personal example and inspired words he brought many pagans to the Christian Faith.
However, after his defeat Athanaric again contrived to gather his own forces, return to his own country and regain his former power. Since he remained a pagan, he continued to hate Christians and persecute them.
[When the Gothic prince Athenarik began to torture Christians, St. Nicetas stood before the prince and denounced him for his paganism and inhumanity. Subsequently harshly tortured, Nicetas confessed his faith in Christ even more strongly, and prayed to God with thanksgiving. His mind was unceasingly raised up to God, and on his breast under his robe he bore an icon of the Most-holy Theotokos with the Pre-eternal Christ Child standing and holding the Cross in His hands. St. Nicetas carried this icon because the Holy Theotokos had appeared to him and comforted him. (http://www.westsrbdio.org/prolog/prolog.htm)]
St Nicetas endured many tortures, and died after being thrown into a fire. His body remained unharmed by the fire and was illumined by a miraculous light. By night, a friend of the martyr, a Christian named Marianus, retrieved the body of St Nicetas,and buried it in Cilicia. Afterwards, it was transferred to Constantinople. Part of the relics of the Great Martyr Nicetas were later transferred to the monastery of Vysokie Dechani in Serbia. St Nicetas received an unfading crown of glory from Christ in the year 372.
You defeated error and triumphed in martyrdom, Nicetas, namesake of victory; for you conquered the ranks of the enemy and ended your contest by fire. Pray to Christ our God to grant us His great mercy.
You stood firm and defeated delusion and have received your martyr's crown, Nicetas, namesake of victory; you are rejoicing with the angels, together with them you are praying unceasingly to Christ God for us all.
Let us consider of what great blessings for us Christ's Cross has become the cause. For though the Lord's Cross sounds sad and bitter, it is in reality full of joy and radiance. For the Cross is the salvation of the Church; the Cross is the boast of those who hope in it; the Cross is reconciliation of enemies to God and conversion of sinners to Christ. For through the Cross we have been delivered from enmity, and through the Cross we have been joined in friendship to God. Through the Cross we have been freed from the tyranny of the devil, and through the Cross we have been delivered from death and destruction. 'When the Cross was not proclaimed, we were held fast by death; now the, Cross is proclaimed, and we have. come to despise death, as though it did not exist, while we have come to long for everlasting life. 'When the Cross was not proclaimed, we were strangers to paradise; but when the Cross appeared, at once a thief was found worthy of paradise. From such darkness the human race has crossed over to infinite light; from death it has been called to everlasting life, from corruption it has been renewed for incorruption. For the eyes of the heart are no longer covered by the darkness that comes through ignorance, but through the Cross they are flooded with the light of knowledge. The ears of the deaf are no longer shut by unbelief, for the deaf have heard the word of the Lord, and the blind have recovered their sight to see the glory of God. These are the gifts we are given through the Cross. What blessing has not been achieved for us through the Cross?
The Cross is proclaimed, and faith in God is confessed and truth prevails in the whole inhabited world. The Cross is proclaimed, and martyrs are revealed and confession of Christ prevails. The Cross is proclaimed, and the resurrection is revealed, life is made manifest, the kingdom of heaven is assured. The Cross has become the cause of all these things, and through the Cross we have been taught to sing. What then is more precious than the Cross? What more profitable for our souls? So let us not be ashamed to name the Cross, but let us confess it with total confidence.
Christ is hung upon the Cross, and the devil has become a corpse. Christ has been stretched on the Cross, and a standard of salvation has been given to the world. Christ has been nailed to the Cross, and every soul has been released from bonds. Christ has been fixed to the Cross, and all creation has been set free from the slavery of corruption. Christ has breathed his last on the Cross, and a new marvel has been shown to the world; for the sun's light is darkened. This what a prophetic saying cries out, "And it shall come to pass in that day, says the Lord, that the sun will set at midday, and the light will become dark in the daytime, and I will change all your feasts into grief and all your songs into laments" [Amos 8:9]. Do you see, beloved, how great a mystery the prophetic saying holds? For here the deeds of both are intimated: I mean of the Jews, who are under the law, and of the nations, who are outside the law, who both practice iniquity. For those who feast according to the law will grieve as they celebrate their feasts, and instead of songs, they make lamentations over Jerusalem. For Jerusalem will no longer hold solemn rites, and no feast will be celebrated in it. While pagan nations will mourn, making confession for their sins, and mourning is cause of blessedness. For scripture says, "Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted" [Matthew 5:4]. They will mourn, then, over their empty feasts and lawless songs that they performed for the unclean demons. Take note then today how a pagan, repenting for the evil things he has done, laments and says with the prophet, "We have erred and strayed in our shame, and our sins have covered us, for we have been filled with our impiety. We have acknowledged the iniquities of our fathers". So then let us too lament and mourn for the evils that have been laid to our charge; let us cling to the Cross, placing all our hopes on the Cross, so that taught through the Cross, fixing our thought on heaven, being brought close to Christ our Saviour, we may be found worthy to be near God in the kingdom of heaven, in Christ our Lord himself, to whom be glory and might to the ages of ages. Amen.
As outlined by numerous Fathers of the Church, Christ was the expectation of all the nations, and as such, many of the writings from disperate cultures throughout the world tell of and indicate the great Redeemer of the whole world Who was to come: Jesus Christ.
Many of the philosophers of ancient Greece seem to point towards Christ in their writings, and thus many Greeks were primed, in a certain sense, to accept the teachings of Christ's apostles. The picture above is part of a series of icons from the Great Meteora Monastery that depict St. Paul and St. Justin the Philosopher leading Greeks to Christ while citing Greek Philosophy. On either side are depicted many ancient Greek philosophers, and quotes from their writings that seem to point to Christ. (It is worth noting that they put a small fence around these icons, most likely that they might not be venerated like icons of the Saints.)
These are newly-painted icons, but they are by no means out of tradition. The "Hermenia" or Painter's Manual by Monk Dionysios of Fourna mentions the names, descriptions and quotes of such philosophers. The Monasteries of Megiste Lavra and Vatopedi on Mount Athos (as examples) also have depictions of such philosophers.
We can see vividly how God works to lead all nations to the Truth. Though their examples pale in comparison to the love, grace and sacrifice of Christ and His Saints, these philosophers help us understand the human condition, and how our longing can only be satiated by Christ.
The following Greek quotes from the depicted philosophers are from http://enaskitis.blogspot.com/2011/09/blog-post.html, along with my own amateur translations. If you have any suggestions for better translations, or can provide a documented translation or a citation from the philosophers' original writings, please share.
Beds get a lot of usage in hotels, with daily changes and new visitors all the time - from the tossing, the turning, the jumping and even the breakfasts in bed. So, how do you add to the longevity of these well utilized hotel features?
Beautiful sunsets. Colorful markets. http://notifylaura12joie.blogzet.com/surprisingly-handy-hotel-tips-you-can-utilize-6028805 . The joy and excitement of exploring a new place is inexplicable. However, getting there is a whole different story. From avoiding the dreaded middle seat on a flight and booking the right hotel to keeping clothes wrinkle-free and preparing toiletries. Traveling can be stressful, but it doesn't always have to be. With the right tips and tricks, any travel situation can be made easy. 10 Instagram Travel Hacks You'll Want To Know Before Your Next Trip
These necessary items of bedding require to be looked after thoroughly, especially if you're using feather and down filled bedding. These fillings tend to move around a lot and clump together in corners. So, housekeeping supplies and equipment change the bed, make certain you offer the duvet an excellent shake and fluff the pillows. This will ensure the comfort that these items give will last longer. And of course, occasional washing is required. However ensure you consult your hotel linen supplier for laundry instructions.
One of the simplest ways to get one of the most of your bed is to turn the bed mattress rather routinely. It may sound extremely basic, but it's the very best method to motivate longevity and will substantially extend the life of the bed mattress. Mattresses need to handle a lot of weight on them for extended periods and turning them will ease some of this weight caused wear.
Tidy bed linen likewise makes a great deal of distinction to a bed. To start with, daily linen cleaning is really crucial in the hotel market, however likewise the upkeep and care of linen is pivotal in creating the ideal impression and can truly lift a space to a significant degree. Obviously, you need to use the very best possible products when cleaning up linen to guarantee they are whiter than white. Do, be aware that you ought to also attempt and take care of the linen with items that have great cleaning ability, whilst being kind on fabric. The last thing you desire is dazzling white, clean linen that's worn out.
Obviously, bed mattress toppers and protectors avoid the mattress being stained, well to a large degree anyhow. These protectors are easy to place on the bed, create a barrier for stains and liquids. What's more, they also help older mattress by increasing the cushioning, making the comfort last longer.
Mattresses can often be cleaned by hand with the use of laundry cleaning agent and water, a sponge and some difficult rubbing. https://www.architecturaldigest.com/gallery/powder-room-inspiration-slideshow/all ought to deal with shallow spots, though understand not to use excessive water, which will moisten the mattress. Upholstery hair shampoo likewise works well, however ensure you follow what the manufacturer states and test in a hidden area initially.
Bed mattress may likewise need to be vacuumed. This is a good way to guarantee you eliminate dust, crumbs and other additionals that wind up on the mattress. This can be achieved with the primary hoover or a hand held hoover.
At Well-being Hypnotherapy & Mindfulness we have over 10 years experience in working with people who are struggling with Panic Attacks. We can help you resolve your anxiety and prevent future panic attacks. With a combination of Hypnotherapy & Mindfulness we will help you to reduce and manage your anxiety and stress. Let us help you now, contact us for more information or to book your first appointment.
We are the Top Rated Hypnotherapy & Mindfulness Practice in Surrey & London on FreeIndex with over 140 Independently Verified 5 Star Client Reviews.
If you suffer from panic attacks you may find reading our information page on hypnotherapy to stop anxiety of interest. Your therapy is completely confidential, and you are guaranteed professional, experienced and trusted help. You can come to terms with, process and stop your Panic Attacks from occurring and having a negative effect on your life.
Panic attacks are the uncontrollable increase in anxiety that triggers your fight-or-flight response. They usually occur unpredictably, can be quite severe and may be accompanied by a sense of dread, heart palpitations, sweating, trembling and a feeling of being out-of-control. Typically, they are short in duration, but fear of another attack may persist.
When you can recognize the symptoms of anxiety, you will be able to take control of your emotional state and stop your anxiety before it becomes a panic attack. This is why hypnotherapy & mindfulness-based therapy works so well at stopping panic attacks. During our sessions, we can help your mind learn to take control of its emotional state and remain calm and relaxed when it needs to be.
If you have any further questions call Well-being Hypnotherapy & Mindfulness on 020 8646 4337 for a free consultation, more information or to book an appointment. You can also make contact via e-mail and request a callback.
I have always been interested in people and in working with others to improve their quality of life.
Adrian Sonnex of Well-being Hypnotherapy & Mindfulness is a Hypnotherapist & Mindfulness – based Cognitive Behavioral Therapist and Teacher. He has been working with clients online via Skype since 2007. He is also a Hypnotherapist Supervisor for ICH Clinical Hypnosis Training formerley The Institute of Clinical Hypnosis and is a One-to-one Supervisor for the General Hypnotherapy Register.
Well-being Hypnotherapy & Mindfulness is the Top Rated Hypnotherapy & Mindfulness-based Therapy Practice in London & Surrey. Over 140 of our clients have given us independently verified Five Star Reviews on FreeIndex more than 90%.
I trained in Person Centred and Psychodynamic Counselling at Birkbeck University of London before starting my training in Hypnotherapy in 2007. A qualified and highly trained Hypnotherapist and Mindfulness-based Cognitive Behavioral Therapies and a full time professional therapist. I have been working with clients from 2007. For details of my training see Hypnotherapists – Adrian Sonnex and Mindfulness Therapies – Adrian Sonnex.
We would have a consultation to ensure the quality of our Skype connection and to discuss the therapies we offer.
As an online therapist I am able to give therapy to English speaking clients anywhere in the world providing that they have a suitable computer and internet connection. I have worked online with a client who first saw me for face to face therapy then moved back home to Ireland, I have worked online via Skype with clients who were in Marrakesh Morocco where English speaking therapists don’t exist. I have worked with clients who are in other parts of Britain and on the other side of the world. As long as you have a computer and a camera online therapy is possible.
I first experienced online supervision in 2009 as part Mindfulness-based Cognitive Behavioral Therapies training and realised that it can be a very effective way of having therapy or supervision sessions without having to meet in person. In 2013 I am having at least 9 online via Skype supervisions sessions as part of my on-going training and development. I will also supervise other hypnotherapist online via Skype.
I heard back from the agent who requested my book at the Atlanta Writer's Conference. She decided not to offer me representation at the moment, but she did have some lovely, encouraging words for me:
You have a wonderful, fresh voice and true writing chops. Your characters are authentic and believable teens, and the humor is fantastic. Your writing is a joy to read! I'm so sorry not to have better news for you, but please rest assured that I think you have a fantastic career ahead of you. I am truly sorry not to be able to offer you representation at this time, Wendi, but I wish you the very best of publishing luck as you move forward and I do hope you'll keep in touch. My door is always open to you. In fact, I would love it if you'd consider me for future work! I think you're a great talent.
I wrote to some friends of mine and told them about her email. And while it wasn't the news I was hoping to hear, I certainly couldn't feel badly about it.
I keep reading her email over and over, relishing the idea that she finds me talented. I feel a little blush in my cheeks when I read that she believes I'm a "great talent...[with] true writing chops." It's pretty magnificent, to say the least.
Of course, the moment I read her email I burst into tears. I wasn't exactly thrilled about it then. But I wasn't upset for the reasons many might think. I wasn't angry or hurt. I understood her decision. I was simply disappointed. One of her comments was that my story arc wasn't as unique as it needed to be to compete in this market. After thinking on this for days, I realized that, yes, I'm a great writer. My voice is strong and compelling. My characters are like real people who make you feel and think and love.
I think of authors like Stephenie Meyer who conjure up whole words in their imagination but are, unfortunately, not-so-great writers (just my opinion). I'm the opposite. I have a terribly difficult time with the details of a story because I only have an ending in mind. Or a scene upon which to build. It's challenging for me to create a long, high arc that will keep the attention of my readers for long periods of time. They might love the characters. They might feel connected to them. But if the story in which the characters live is not unique, or compelling, enough to make them want to keep reading, it won't matter.
I'm not having a pity party. This agent simply opened my eyes to the struggle I've been having for years. There has always been something sort of off about my work. It has never felt fully complete, even when I edit and re-edit (and maybe edit some more).
Perhaps I should go the way of short stories. They're the best of both worlds. But no. I think I can do this. It's just going to take more time.
I've spent the last few days feeling pretty blue. Some of it has do with the cold weather and the passing of Christmas, my favorite holiday (which, as I wrote on my last post, is always a little sad for me), but most of it has to do with the many changes happening in my life right now. We've been in our house less than two months and I just lost my job. I'm still wrestling with feeling confident about God's plan for our lives, for us to become parents when, and if, He decides to bless us with children. I think about that all the time. It's part of an underlying struggle I face each day. And so when I got the news about my book, it just felt like another obstacle to face.
Yesterday, as I stood in front of the fridge and wondered if I should eat because I was actually hungry or because I was just bored (isn't that the place we always find ourselves when we don't know what else to do?), I started to play around with the magnetic letters we got from some friends when we bought this house. I thought about how I'm going to change my book. What I should change. If I can really even do this. And I spelled out the words "Can I write?" because that's all I could really come up with. More questions.
A little love letter from my husband, who saw my question and gave me the answer I needed. He never said anything to me about it. He just wrote what he knew to be true.
Don't think about writing to please an agent, Wendi. Don't write something because I think it will sell or because it sounds good. Write because it's what I know to be true about the characters I've created. Write because it's a story that needs to be told, and only I can tell it.
Wendi Nunnery is the author of The Best Kept Secret young adult series. She writes about the messiness of life and sometimes uses colorful language. She's also a big fan of Jesus, coffee, and Harry Potter. Wendi lives, loves, and mothers in Atlanta, Georgia.
A literary agent, Elizabeth, from New York was the agent that caused me to cry. Not because she was mean, rather, it was because I had put so much hope on to her.
Then Elizabeth requested my manuscript which immediately made me think that she would be the one to launch my career. Nope. She sweetly rejected my manuscript by email, prompting me to leave my house with my dog to cry it out. God had other plans for me and I know he has other plans for you. You see, a few days after the "big time agent" rejected my manuscript, another small publishing company loved it and offered me a three year contract.
Thank you, Liz, for your encouragement! I am going to keep working on the manuscript because I believe this agent is right. And she has shared that she would love to see the book again once I've made edits. I'm just struggling with where to begin. I'm going to have to think on it for awhile and take my time. I have a hard time not rushing because I want so badly for things to happen, you know? But you're right. God works in mysterious ways. And in His time. Thanks for reading!
Happy Friday and merry Christmas to you! I have a special treat to share with y'all today, one I hope you enjoy: the first chapter ...
Today at church, we finished up a series with Jeff Henderson, one of our campus pastors. He told us we should never assume the people we love know how we feel about them. He said that his mother used to write him letters, letters he now writes for his own children.
My dad used to write me letters growing up. I remember his handwriting, small, bold letters in all caps, and his sweet words of love and encouragement. There is nothing like a father's love for his children. My dad showed me that.
And because I love writing, and receiving, handwritten letters, I decided it was time to spend some of my Sunday afternoon doing just that. I have tons of unused stationary, and tomorrow morning it will find its way into the back of a USPS truck and on towards three other, very important, mailboxes.
I am going to do my best to follow through with all my new, unexpected goals which have popped up over the course of the last two months. I guess dealing with some depression and anxiety has served me well. All I long for now is time with people who matter and time spent on good things, things that make me look up and whisper a quiet, "Thank You". These letters are a step in that direction.
At West Currie Consultants we are pro-active and innovative in providing advice and information when your business needs it, not just when you ask for it.
Our commitment to excellence and professionalism is evident in our friendly hard working team and the exceptional service we offer. Where Clients Count!!
At West Currie Consultants we aim to provide you with advice when your business needs it, not just when you ask for it.
Largest selection of cast bullets for rifle and pistol as well as cast bullets for obsolete and hard-to-find calibers. Flat rate shipping of $14.00 per order, regardless of weight, to all 50 states.
For Western Industries Plastic Products LLC, size is not an obstacle. Western’s manufacturing capabilities are distinguished by an unparalleled selection of large-head blow mold equipment. From our centrally-located, 350,000 square-foot manufacturing campus, we have the technological variety and the flexibility to handle virtually any blow-molded product size.
Over seventeen blow-mold heads that produce parts with a weight range of less than one pound to forty pounds or more
Presses with a shot-size range of fifteen to seventy-five pounds, including one of North America’s largest selection of presses with fifty-pound or greater capacity
Western Industries is equipped for large-part production and organized to accommodate multiple concurrent projects. Our manufacturing capabilities continually allow us to expand the number of applications that can be effectively addressed with blow molding. We take pride in partnering with a diverse customer base and helping turn innovative product ideas into marketable results. Discuss your next plastics project with the Western experts, and learn how we can help make it succeed.
kitchen shelf with hooks kitchen kitchen shelf with hooks stainless steel bookshelf steel kitchen shelf pan rack kitchen shelf with utensil hooks.
kitchen cabinet shelf clips with hanging hooks small shelves rustic shelving styles for ideas wooden,kitchen shelf with pan hooks rack shelving brilliant hacks to transform your and cabinet,kitchen wall shelves with hooks shelf cup white inspirational stainless unit,kitchen cupboard shelf clips large country pine shelves with cup hooks spice rack wooden hanging,ikea kitchen shelves with hooks shelving view larger shelf cup,kitchen shelf with pan hooks cabinet clips home depot,kitchen shelf hooks cabinet clips home depot wall shelves with articles tag,kitchen cupboard shelf clips screwfix cup hooks unbelievable wall mounted stainless steel racks with cabinet locking,kitchen cabinet shelf hooks decorative shelving shelves wall clips plastic with,wooden kitchen shelf with hanging hooks pan best stainless steel rack cooking cabinet clips plastic.
It's important to examine all of your options for you to find the best electricity rates. In Stafford, energy providers have to shine in a competitive market by offering great deals. By taking the time to compare electricity rates from as many providers as you can, you could find cheap electricity in Stafford and lower your energy expenses each month!
That means that customers in Houston paid an average of $5,500 more for electricity over a 14-year time span beginning in 2002, according to the group that buys electricity on behalf of municipal governments in Texas. The calculation, which uses data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration, assumes monthly electricity use of 1,300 kilowatt hours.
All of Direct Energy’s offers include either a rewards program or a charitable donation, and the benefits get bigger the more electricity you use. Paying for electricity isn’t exactly the most fun thing you could spend your money on. If you are looking for a little sugar to help the medicine go down, Direct Energy has a dessert tray of options. Fair warning: They’re not quite as sweet as they look.
Champaign City ordinance requires every household to sign up for weekly solid waste pick-up. All solid waste (trash, recyclables, etc.) collection in the City of Champaign is handled by private solid waste haulers who are licensed. Licenses are issued by the City Clerk. The haulers listed below can be found in the yellow pages and are currently licensed to haul in Champaign:
Also, your plan's term length could be determined by how long you plan to reside in McAllen. If you're a renter or plan to move frequently, a month-to-month, six-month or one-year supply plan might work best, whereas homeowners might consider longer-term plans that last for two to three years. Once you find a plan you're comfortable with, look into potential customer perks such as a referral program, online energy tracking or energy conservation ideas.
As for as much as 20 is the best idea ever could come in your mind... I mean to play with 20 quotes!
2. “Time and space are finite in extent, but they don't have any boundary or edge. They would be like the surface of the earth, but with two more dimensions.” —Stephen Hawking
3. “High school isn't a very important place. When you're going you think it's a big deal, but when it's over nobody really thinks it was great unless they're beered up.” —Stephen King
4. “It surprises me how disinterested we are today about things like physics, space, the universe and philosophy of our existence, our purpose, our final destination. Its a crazy world out there. Be curious.” —Stephen Hawking
7. “When I was being moved, a deputy U.S. Marshal with a Southern accent so thick it sounded like he was doing a bad parody of a Good Ol’ Boy sheriff laughed and said, “You’re the only prisoner we ever had that got booted out of jail!” —Kevin D. Mitnick
14. “It may sound like I am making too much out of all this, but the only way you can allow a kid to truly dream is if you expand their idea of what is currently possible. A kid who has nothing, sees nothing, and is taught nothing can only dream of breakfast. They can only hope to get to the next moment successfully. I want more than that for my kids...just like my mom wanted more than that for me. And I want them to want more than that too.”
15. “Maybe your aunt is funny in quiet moments with her friends because like many women her age, she was taught to not draw attention to herself. And maybe she also noticed how men of her generation weren't attracted to the women who spoke out of turn and uttered their own opinions out loud. And certainly these types of men weren't attracted to women who were funnier than them. Women have always been funny. They just weren't interested in sharing their jokes with you. Truth in point, my mom is hilarious. She has also been single since 1974.”
16. “Not giving a fuck does not mean being indifferent; it means being comfortable with being different.”
18. “Self-improvement and success often occur together. But that doesn't necessarily mean they're the same thing.”
19. “Self-awareness is like an onion. There are multiple layers to it, and the more you peel them back, the more likely you're going to start crying at inappropriate time.”
23. “Absurdly, dead fish by the hundreds were washing ashore, their peaceful world disrupted by man's squabble.”
25. “People are very quick to ridicule others for showing fear. But we rarely know the secret springboards behind human action. The man who shows great fear today may be tomorrow’s hero. Who are we to judge?”
download pediatric advanced life support provider manual pdf no short description download pediatric advanced life support provider manual pdf because this is pdf file PDF file
download pediatric advanced life support provider manual pdf no short description download pediatric advanced life support provider manual pdf because this is doc file DOC file
millionaire moms the art of raising a business and a family at the same time no short description millionaire moms the art of raising a business and a family at the same time because this is pdf file PDF file
millionaire moms the art of raising a business and a family at the same time no short description millionaire moms the art of raising a business and a family at the same time because this is doc file DOC file
buy online four seasons cape john tunney no short description buy online four seasons cape john tunney because this is pdf file PDF file
buy online four seasons cape john tunney no short description buy online four seasons cape john tunney because this is doc file DOC file
our town william allen white no short description our town william allen white because this is pdf file PDF file
our town william allen white no short description our town william allen white because this is doc file DOC file
the catholic reformation no short description the catholic reformation because this is pdf file PDF file
the catholic reformation no short description the catholic reformation because this is doc file DOC file
the katrina decade images of an altered city no short description the katrina decade images of an altered city because this is doc file DOC file
letter james monroe esq president no short description letter james monroe esq president because this is pdf file PDF file
letter james monroe esq president no short description letter james monroe esq president because this is doc file DOC file
who is god and can i really know him biblical worldview of god and truth what we believe volume 1 no short description who is god and can i really know him biblical worldview of god and truth what we believe volume 1 because this is pdf file PDF file
who is god and can i really know him biblical worldview of god and truth what we believe volume 1 no short description who is god and can i really know him biblical worldview of god and truth what we believe volume 1 because this is doc file DOC file
the ghost of the cuban queen bordello a story of a 1920s jerome arizona madam no short description the ghost of the cuban queen bordello a story of a 1920s jerome arizona madam because this is doc file DOC file
the fleet submarine in the us navy a design and constuction history no short description the fleet submarine in the us navy a design and constuction history because this is pdf file PDF file
the fleet submarine in the us navy a design and constuction history no short description the fleet submarine in the us navy a design and constuction history because this is doc file DOC file
remediation engineering of contaminated soils environmental science pollution no short description remediation engineering of contaminated soils environmental science pollution because this is pdf file PDF file
remediation engineering of contaminated soils environmental science pollution no short description remediation engineering of contaminated soils environmental science pollution because this is doc file DOC file
student solutions manual for fundamentals of physics 9th edition free download no short description student solutions manual for fundamentals of physics 9th edition free download because this is pdf file PDF file
student solutions manual for fundamentals of physics 9th edition free download no short description student solutions manual for fundamentals of physics 9th edition free download because this is doc file DOC file
Sign in to add this to a playlist. Login or sign up. For the safety and privacy of your Pornhub account, remember to never enter your password on any site other than pornhub. Remember me on this computer not recommended on public or shared computers. Please enter the required information. Free Amateur Porn Video 44 - xHamster","duration":
Amateur , Dick , Hooker. Hot African Hooker 5: That is what a Hooker wanted 8: Pussy , Hardcore , African. Old tweaker bitch needs money for her drugs ; 82, views.
The Greek Sybil, the Philosopher: "The eternal king has come from heaven, who will judge all flesh and the whole world."
For more on the Sybil of Erythrae foreshadowing Christ, see: http://full-of-grace-and-truth.blogspot.com/2010/01/sibyl-of-erythrae-and-prophetic.html.
Inspirant Destockage Cuisine Expo - Through the thousand pictures on the internet in relation to Destockage Cuisine Expo, picks the very best choices having greatest resolution just for you all, and now this photos is usually considered one of photographs selections inside our greatest pictures gallery with regards to Inspirant Destockage Cuisine Expo. Lets hope you'll think it's great.That image (Destockage Cuisine Expo Beautiful Cfa Cuisine Luxury Chick Fil A Griffin Restaurant Reviews Phone) preceding is usually labelled with:placed through Philip Vargas in 2018-01-23 01:03:37. To see most pictures throughout Inspirant Destockage Cuisine Expo photographs gallery please adhere to this kind of link.The Most Brilliant as well as Lovely Destockage Cuisine Expo pertaining to Encourage Your own home Provide Home|Comfy FantasyHome
A variety of snack items are offered on a rotating basis in the school cafeteria during lunch service. Students are allowed to purchase only one packaged snack or ice cream with lunch each day. All packaged snacks and ice cream meet the following guidelines:
Choose a book which I have written and go and read it... if you want choose one or two or three or four or five... you make your choices. ANd still I don't force you to go and to do it... you do it... you by yourself...
My youngest son is on the verge of entering high school, leaving the baby days well and truly behind me. It feels like a lifetime ago since I've had to drag my weary, breast-milk-soaked body out of bed for early morning feeds or deal with a recalcitrant toddler deciding that 4am was the perfect time to start the day. You have NO idea how happy that makes me.
However I still get excited for those who are about to embark on the great baby adventure. One of my very good mates is one of these gals. She and her husband have a son already making this child Baby No 2. The baby shower was held over the weekend, the perfect excuse for we women to gather, celebrate and talk about at length the impending birth. There was wine, a selection of delicious savoury and sweet nibblies, AND an awesome cake.
Being women, we naturally discussed labour and pre-natal care. It is amazing how the business of having a baby has changed over the years. Attitudes and 'rules' have been rewritten and revised; what I was once told in hospital after the birth of my first son in 1989 is world's away from what mothers are told now. And while we're talking changes, how about names? Apple, Heavenly Hiraani Tiger Lily and Sparrow anyone? We all pledged to help the Mother-to-be with her quest of finding a name she and the Father-to-be could agree on. With traditional spelling, ploise!
How's this for an awesome cake? Such a clever design and as well as looking good, it tasted even better. Like I've always said, you can't go wrong with chocolate mud cake. Between all the baby shower guests present, we polished off the boobs, along with most of the bow. I guess you could say it was Boobalicous. *coughs* Ridiculous pun intended, sorry.
The baby is due sometime in early February and already has a long line of 'other' mothers looking forward to that first cuddle. Because that's the next best thing, isn't it? I love babies, I really do. The way their fingers instinctively curl around your own, the velvety softness of a newborn's head, the pure sweetness in the scent of their skin. But the maternal pull of having more of my own has long gone. So I take all my joy in the delights of other people's babies - I get the pleasure of the cuddle but someone else does the nightshift! Win/Win!
That cake is so cool! The last baby shower was my own last year and I am over the early mornings, all I want is a sleep in!
That first year is tough, I STILL remember how hard it was even after all this time! It does get better though xx
That's what my hubby always says to defend our choice of boring old David for our youngest son, (apart from bringing back Dave lol) that we didn't want to call him Apple or Orange lol
On the weekends I treat my body like a fairground. The rest of the week I spend mopping up the debris.
Music for Monday boys family rugby parenthood life the provider autism christmas women rock health holidays school Writing friendships blogging dare to dream food media music spencer sport travels weather bloggers housework mother nature quiet school days school holidays shopping teenagers beach guitar man home in the news olympics politics sad sloth is good sunday BOACA advertising alcohol australia babies coughs and colds doctors fishing growing up is hard to do hayfever internet laundry new years eve noise public service announcement rain renovating richie mccaw royalty school holiday simple things smiles studying tennis tom cruise what sarah ate next
Click the blue bar below to join this site! New friends are always welcome - like shoes, you can never have too many!
Celebrate Russia with this 32-piece colorful Russian ABC Blocks set by Uncle Goose. Uncle Goose products are handcrafted from the finest, high-quality Michigan Basswood. The blocks are also safe for children, printed with non-toxic, lead-free ink. The set contains a variety of Russian letters, numbers and animal pictures. The Uncle Goose Russian ABC blocks are the perfect toy for every toddler.
Uncle Goose is not your ordinary toy company. Based in Grand Rapids Michigan, the group of spirited craftspeople share a passion for block making. Handcrafted using sustainable and environmentally considerate basswood as well as non-toxic inks, Uncle Goose strives for unmatched top-quality products. From alphabet blocks to foreign language blocks, Uncle Goose provides a fun and educational way to play!
It seems these days that everyone is adding videos to YouTube. This could be seen as being quite narcissistic on the one hand, but then again there is an element of narcisism in any form of creativity. Almost anyone who paints, takes photos, or blogs for example hopes to show their creations to an audience, who will then hopefully enjoy their work. In this sense the medium of YouTube is no different from any other form of creativity.
While anyone with a digital camera or phone, and an Internet connection can create YouTube content, not everyone has videos worth watching. To save you the trouble of sifting through endless hours of YouTube videos (easily done), I have compiled a list of 5 Amazing YouTubers You Cannot Miss. Of course these are not the only channels I watch on YouTube but they are certainly some that I believe are consistently the best! These days I very rarely watch TV but if I do watch something it is often these channels as they are far more creative and entertaining. Check them out below:
I have known about Casey Neistat's channel on YouTube for a couple of years now, after a friend recommended his videos to me. In my opinion Casey's content is some of the most consistently creative and entertaining on the net. His work ranges from unique adverts for Nike and Mercedes Benz, to videos with a story and message such as "The Dark Side of the iPhone 5S Lines", to travel style videos, and most recently his daily vlogs.
One of his most popular videos (and one of his best in my opinion) is called "Make it Count" which has clost to 16 million views. It is highly inspirational so watch below:
He joined YouTube back on February 15th 2010, and has over 1 million 328 thousand subscribers, with close to 270 million views! This is pretty incredible stuff considering he never studied film making in school or college.
I started watching Mr Ben Brown's YouTube channel about a year ago, after it was recommended to me after I had watched a Casey Neistat video. Ben is a British vlogger and film maker who makes daily vlogs about his travels, and life in South Africa with his girlfriend. While he doesn't have the same quirky creative style that Casey has, his videos are equally as entertaining. It is like tuning into a daily TV show, only it is real life and far more interesting than most of the crap on TV.
Ben is an amazing photographer so often makes vlogs about his "Instagram Missions" with friends. He is also into a lot of extreme sports such as surfing, snowboarding, and skateboarding, and often travels to amazing locations around the world. He has a lot of friends and seems like a genuinely nice chap, who it would be cool to hang out with.
As well as daily vlogging Ben also has his own clothing line, takes amazing photos, was a two time kayaking world champion, and makes amazing short films for YouTube. One his most popular and in my opinion best work is a video called "CANADA - VISUAL VIBES" which has had over 655 thousand views. This is seriously epic and makes me want to go back to Canada every time I see it. You can watch it below:
Ben currently has 428,526 subscribers and close to 57 and a half million views on his channel. Once again he has never had formal film or video production training which just highlights the power of YouTube and a good idea!
If you are looking for epic videos on YouTube, then you should definitely check out devinsupertramp aka Devin Graham's channel. He shoots some of the most visually stunning and incredible footage that you can find on YouTube. The production values and scale of many of his films put many movies or TV shows you will see to shame. For sheer fun and entertainment value you cannot go wrong with Devin's channel, and he rarely produces a mediocre video let alone bad. Most of his videos focus on epic stunts such as insane rope swings, cliff jumping or zip lining, but he has also produced many other awesome concept videos such as video games in real life, and some beautifully shot travel videos.
Whenever Devin releases a video I always make sure to watch it as it's almost guaranteed to be a lot of fun. I've been subscribed to his channel now for several years now and his videos are still fresh after this time. In fact he is getting even more creative, and pushing the boundaries of YouTube film-making even further including many videos now shown in 4k resolution!
Here is Devin's most popular video on YouTube "Assassin's Creed Meets Parkour in Real Life." It is an epic video that is breath-taking to watch and amazingly shot. It has had over 50 million views and close to 650,000 likes. Check it out below, I'm sure you will be amazed:
Go subscribe to Devin's channel if you love epic, adrenaline fuelled videos, or beautiful, inspiring travel videos. He definitely does both equally well! He has well over three and a half million subscribers and over 650 million views, so there is a lot of love for his work
FunForLouis is a fun, funny and highly entertaining series of travel vlogs starring British traveller and vlogger Louis Cole. Louis makes daily vlogs with his friends as he embarks on epic travels around the world. Every week and sometimes every day he is in a new city, country or even continent. He just always seems to be travelling, and vlogging about his adventures along the way. This is a great daily snapshot of what life is like on the road for someone who is dedicated to seeing as many places as possible and having a huge amount of fun along the way.
In his vlogs you will see different cultures, foods, locations and a totally unique ways of life. This is a truly inspirational series of videos that will definitely make you want to pack your suitcase, grab your passport and book that flight that you keep putting off! There is a whole world out there and Louis will show you it with his vlogs. He has a great sense of humour and seems like a genuinely nice guy to hang out with.
If you want to get a sample of what Louis packs into his year then check out this video montage he did. What he does in one year is more than a lot of people in a life-time! His series definitely lives up to the name:
The FunForLouis YouTube channel has over 1.6 million subscribers and over 167 million views. Clearly people are keen to follow Louis on his fun-filled adventures!
If you are looking for positivity in amongst all the doom and gloom of the Internet, then you should definitely take a look at the DanTheDirector YouTube channel. Dan Mace is a young film-maker from South Africa who loves to promote positivity and change in the world through the creation of inspiring and interesting films. He is relatively new to YouTube so doesn't have quite the same following yet as the other guys I have mentioned, but he is definitely making a name for himself. The anticipation for his videos grows with each one he releases. He connects with his fans across social media and also has a large following on Instagram and Twitter.
Much of what you see on the Internet will focus on the bad things happening in the world, but there is also so much good too. There are huge amounts of people focused on changing things for the better and it is important to remember this, so we don't give up the fight to reduce inequality and suffering everywhere. Dan doesn't produce Vlogs like Louis, Ben or Casey but instead extremely creative and thought provoking videos which you are sure to like.
Dan's latest video has been a while in the making but it has been totally worth the wait. It is called "THE SOUND OF SILENCE" and it beautiful to watch:
This video was posted less than a week ago and already has over 40,000 views. If Dan continues to produce films of this quality then his popularity is only set to increase.
I know you're probably thinking, what that's not five that's six. Well this is actually just a cheeky plug for my own channel here at the end. I'm not saying my channel is amazing by any stretch of the imagination, and not even in the same league as these other guys. All of the channels I've mentioned have inspired me though to get out there are make videos. While I still have a huge amount of room for improvement, I feel they are over time getting better. I have also decided to start making vlogs. You can see my second vlog which I uploaded recently below:
If you like my video then please subscribe to my channel, I have almost reached 150 subscribers which is cool, and closing in on 5,000 views. I intend to make more of these vlogs as it is both fun and a challenge.
There is something magical about the ocean. The constant movement and change, with rolling waves and daily tides, but also always remaining constant. A constant force of nature that cannot be stopped, no matter how much humans would like to. It is incredible how the movement of our oceans are controlled by the gravitational pull of the moon which is 384,400 km away from Earth. Of course scientists can explain the exact physics behind this amazing phenomenon, but this doesn't detract in any way from the magic and mystery of the ocean.
If you stand on the beach and look out at this vast body of water before you, it will make you realise how powerful nature is, and how tiny you are in proportion. I like this feeling as it helps me feel grounded. I think it is important because so many of us are engulfed and swept along by the idea that the world revolves around us as individuals, and that our problems, and hopes and dreams takes centre stage above everything else. If you look out at the ocean and just watch the waves rolling in and out, your worries can melt away. The past has gone and is unchangeable, no matter how much we may want to, and the future is yet to be written and totally uncertain. The here and now is what matters.
Long after each of us has gone the ocean will continue its endless movement, controlled by a piece of rock circling the earth hundreds of thousands of kilometres away. This may seem a sobering thought, but it is also good because it shows how tiny and insignificant most of our worries really are. It can also focus your mind on what is really important which is living in the moment, and making every moment count.
The sound of the ocean, the smell of the water, the touch of the waves on your toes. Such simple pleasures, but all so amazing in their own way. While we often seek material things to make us happy, this endless pursuit of excess will generally lead to unhappiness. Simple pleasures of nature like the ocean which are actually magical when you really focus on how incredible it really is, are what now brings me greater satisfaction. Being at the beach, even just to walk along the shore, is one of my favourite things to do, and it costs nothing but offers so much. Instead of judging everything on how much it costs, why not at look at the things that really benefit you. The waves will roll in and take your worries away.
The ocean is vast, and almost the entirety of its depths unexplored. Humans have only glimpsed a tiny fraction of the amazing life that exists beneath the waves. Yet even before we ever get a chance to see what lies beneath the waves, humanity is wreaking havoc as it often does. We may not be able to stop the movement of the waves, or the rise and fall of the tides, but unfortunately our behaviour is destroying ocean life. One of the beautiful things about the ocean, is that there is a whole alien world hidden from our view but co-existing on the same planet. The diversity of life in the ocean is astonishing but is being destroyed by excess and greed. The constant desire for more will actually result in there being much less diversity on Earth with the extinction of thousands of species.
There is still time to change though, and preserve the ocean, so that future generations can enjoy this simple but magical place.
Since I started my blog several years ago, one of the things that has struck me is how incredibly global the reach of my posts have been. Now I'm not saying my blog has reached worldwide fame (yet!), or anything on it has gone particularly viral. It is just striking to me how diverse the sources of readership of my posts have been. So far my blog has been viewed 8460 times, from 49 posts. It will be really great to hit 10000 views with my 50th post ie. this one! 10000 is not a massive number of views by any stretch of the imagination, especially when you consider some blogs are getting millions of hits a month. This will still be somewhat of a milestone to me and my blog though, and definitely encourages me to continue!
Getting back to my readership though, the cool thing about Blogger is you can see exactly which countries your viewers are from and see where your posts are being read. My blog up until this point has been exclusively in English, so it makes sense that over half my readership has been from the US, and in second place the UK. After that though there have been readers from many non-native English speaking countries. Here are the top countries:
Of course there are many other countries where people have read my blog as well. From this list of top ten, over half of them are non-native English speakers. As the title of this blog post suggests, you can reach a global audience through blogging, and this is all powered by the wonder that is the internet. While many countries remain almost completely cut off from internet access, and therefore us bloggers, even supposedly closed countries such as Russia and Iran have been checking out my posts. To me this is quite amazing that just through putting together my thoughts in writing, adding some of my photos and videos, and clicking that "Publish" button, I can reach people all over the world that I will almost certainly never meet in my life time.
This is an audience that people of my parents generation would never have been able to reach when they were my age. The internet has truly revolutionized the way we consume media, but also the way we can share our content to a global audience. This opens up a world of possibilities, such as a post going viral, and being spread across social media around the globe. Like I said before this has yet to happen for any of my posts, although I'm pleased to have reached 321 views on my top post! If you want to reach people the other side of the world, what better way than to start blogging. If you have an idea in your head and you think people would be interested, then all that is stopping you is your own will power. Don't wait, get blogging!
If you like this blog and enjoy my posts then it would be great if you could follow me on my social media channels. I love to read any comments you leave below too!
So you're on holiday in Lanzarote, or are planning to come here in the future. First of all, great choice! If you've never been here before then you're in for an awesome surprise, and if you have then you probably know how great the island is. Secondly I want to give you some inspiration for excursions you can do while you are here to make your holiday even more amazing, and so you can get the maximum experience out of this unique and beautiful island!
Lanzarote is a superb location for literally 'getting on your bike' and just heading off for a ride. It is a rare day that the sun isn't shining, and the temperature warm. The landscape and views are also incredible, and going by bike is the perfect way to take in some of the incredible views that Lanzarote has to offer. You will be able to go further and for longer than a walking excursion, but you will get more of a feel for things than if you drive around, it is the perfect middle ground.
You will feel the wind in your hair, and the warming rays of the sun on your face, as you ride along the coastline trails. You will be able to take in some stunning sights of beautiful beaches, unbelievably blue ocean, and the rugged and unique volcanic landscape of Lanzarote. The contrast between the interior of the island with its ancient volcanoes and preserved lava fields, contrasts amazingly with the blue ocean and sandy beaches. You can either rent a bike and head out on a route of your own choosing, or alternatively you can choose to take a guided tour with a well established company such as Papagayo Bike. Either way, both options are great. You will feel energised, see amazing sights, and return with great memories!
Despite the rugged and difficult landscape, the grape vine growing conditions are actually very favourable on Lanzarote due to the year round sun and warmth. Through clever use of the volcanic rock to overcome the lack of rainfall, and stone walls protecting the vines from the wind, vineyard owners are able to produce substantial grape harvests. These grapes are then used to produce some delicious wines, especially dry, semi-sweet and sweet whites. These wines are then sold at the various Bodegas that are connected to the vineyards.
There are a variety of different companies that offer wine tasting tours, one of which is Lanzarote Active Club which takes you to three very distinct Bodegas in La Geria. This is a brilliant tour with excellent guides, a great selection of of some of the best wines in Lanzarote, and a superb snapshot of the wine producing region. This is a fantastic tour on which you will learn loads about wine production, the history of the island and more of what makes Lanzaorte so unique! After all that delicious wine, the tour even ends with a visit to a traditional family run restaurant with amazing food.
Being such a small island, you are never far from the beautiful, blue Atlantic ocean that surrounds Lanzarote. There are so many different options from swimming and snorkeling, to surfing or scuba diving. One amazing excursion that I fully recommend if you love to be out on the water, is a stunning catamaran sailing excursion from Puerto Calero harbour, to the stunning beaches of Papagayo. This particular catamaran cruise is run by a company called Catlanza, and it is absolutely brilliant. The staff are all really friendly, and speak a variety of different languages to cater for different tourists.
While on board all the drinks including alcoholic beverages are included in the price. After you reach Papagayo the anchor is dropped and you can swim and go snorkeling around the boat where you will be able to see hundreds of fish in the clear blue waters. This is particularly cool if you dive under the water with goggles, and take an underwater camera. Everyone on board also has the option to have a ride on the back of a jet-ski which is seriously fast and exciting. After a while you are provided a lovely lunch of either pasta with vegetable or tuna sauce, plus more drinks. The beach backdrop is stunning, and the waters around the boat crystal clear. Hopefully you will be lucky with the weather like we were, as there was barely any wind, and a bright blue cloudless sky.
Lanzarote is a fairly small island, so if you want to be able to visit many of the sights and major tourist attractions all in one day, then renting a car and going for a drive is a great choice. There are a huge number of different car rental services on the island including inside resorts such as Sands Beach Resort. The cars on offer vary in size and price, but all are relatively new and very well maintained. You can easily drive around the whole of Lanzarote in a day, or alternatively drive to a number of different locations, stopping along the way for food, drink, shopping and sight-seeing.
One option that I took recently was a drive from Sands Beach Resort on a South Eastern route of the island. We stopped off at Playa Honda first to have a walk along the huge, sandy beach and calm waters. There are an abundance of different cafes with beautiful sea views while you enjoy tapas or a cafe con leche. Playa Honda is also a good spot for shopping as it has the Deiland Shopping Centre. Next we stopped off at Playa Quemada which means burnt beach. It gets this name from the black pebbles on the beach which literally look like they have been burned in a fire. This is a really lovely place to stop as it is off the usual tourist track, so it is lovely and peaceful with just a few traditional restaurants overlooking the sea. There is a cliff backdrop, and gentle waves lapping at the shore.
From there we headed to the seaside town of Playa Blanca, one of the main touristic places in Lanzarote. It is full of life, with a big port from which ferry's head back and forth to Fuerteventura all day, loads of shops and plenty of places to eat and drink. We had a wander around taking photos of the beaches and various sunny sights, and then settled down for dinner overlooking the Playa Blanca Marina overlooking various luxury yachts.
All in all this was an awesome day out which we decided to end with a visit to the capital city of Arrecife. We wandered around as the sun was setting, down the pretty high-street and around El Charco De San Gines, one of the best loved places in the city. This is a tidal inlet of sea water, which is packed with fishing boats of all sizes. Surrounding this area is a multitude of lively cafes, bars and restaurants which are frequented by locals and tourists. From there we walked to the new luxury Marina for a coffee and then drove back to Costa Teguise. This is the route we took but of course with a car you have freedom to explore the whole island!
I know I've already mentioned one catamaran cruise, but this one is totally different and equally as good. This excursion is run by Líneas Marítimas Romero, and involves a trip on one of the largest commercial catamarans in Europe! First of all you will be picked up from your hotel by bus and transported to the small port town of Orzola. From there you take a 25 minute ferry ride to the port of Caleta del Sebo one of the only villages on the tiny island of la Graciosa. Once you arrive you can take a stroll around this enchanting place which is like stepping back in time. There are no paved roads, only sandy tracks with the only vehicles being Land Rover Defenders which transport tourists around. There are cafes, restaurants and bars and some beaches here. The best is definitely yet to come though.
After a wander around the village you board the luxurious and impressive catamaran for a sail along the amazing coast of la Graciosa. The island and Lanzarote were once connected, so the water which separates the two, known as El Rio, is quite shallow. As you sail closer to shore you will be able to see the sea-bed clearly and the huge array of fish swimming around. During your cruise you will be provided with a mojito, and as many beers, wines and soft drinks as you want. There is also Spanish tortilla and bread snack, and later a delicious freshly prepared paella, with fresh fruit for desert.
First of all you are taken to see the awesome montaña amarilla (yellow mountain) with the playa cocina (kitchen beach), and then the crew drop anchor next to Playa Francesa (French Beach). You can swim to the beach to sunbathe or stay on the boat, and there are a variety of activities such as snorkeling, sea kayaking, and water trampolining. You can enjoy two hours at this stunning beach with its crystal clear water, before heading back on board for lunch. The crew are all really friendly and there is even singing and dancing on board at the end which is great fun!
All of these excursions offer unique experiences and allow you to see different amazing aspects of the island. Of course there are also many other excursions and things you can do on this incredible island. This is just a snapshot of what you can do. If you want to book one of these excursions or many more then head on over to the Out and About Lanzarote website.
If you enjoyed this article and found it useful then please share on social media below, and leave me a comment of any other excursions or things to do that you recommend!
Lanzarote has a some absolutely stunning beaches, many of which are well loved by tourists and locals alike. These include Papagayo beach next to Playa Blanca, Playa Famara, and Playa Chica in Puerto del Carmen. There are countless other beaches that are not so well known, but are often equally as nice!
Playa De Las Caletas located close to Costa Teguise is one such beach. It is a tiny beach, but great to go and swim at. There are no tourists here as they have all the bigger beaches of Costa Teguise or Arrecife to choose from, so just the locals come here.
You will not find people playing annoying loud music, or big groups of teens being rowdy. This is a beach for families to relax or to come as an individual for a relaxing swim.
There is a mixture of sand and rocks, and of course loads of sun most of the year. After you have finished your swim there is a really lovely restaurant/bar only five minutes walk away with amazing sea views.
Overall this is a great place to come and chill out and get away from the stresses that life often throws at us.
Yesterday was the 2015 edition of Ironman 70.3 Lanzarote event, and it was seriously impressive. This event is half the distance of the official Ironman triathlon but the determination and sheer athleticism of the competitors is truly an amazing sight to behold! In fact I am amazed at how they compete such an event, let alone double the distance in the full Ironman.
As part of the +Sands Beach Resort marketing team I was invited along to the event to take photos and videos, and enjoy the atmosphere. We arrived at the impressive Club La Santa where the event was to take place, in time to witness a beautiful red sky from the sunrise over the cliffs of nearby Famara. This boded well for the rest of the day!
While the sky began cloudy, there was no rain and little wind. It was perfect conditions for the competitors as it wasn't too hot, and the weather was stable. The event started with a 1900 metre swim at 8am at the Club La Santa lagoon. To see all those people swimming and racing at the same time was very interesting and not something I had ever seen before. This was also a display of how tough these men and women really are, as even a fairly short swim tires me out. I wouldn't have even been able to complete the swim let alone the cycling and running afterwards!
While most of the competitors were amateurs, there were some professionals including some that were representing Sands Beach Resort such as Romain Guillaume who has been staying and training at the hotel. Romain and the other professionals pulled ahead of the rest and while some were still far behind swimming they had already begun their 90.1 km bicycle ride! The cycling was seriously quick and very exciting to see the cyclists whizzing past. It reminded me of when I had seen part of the Tour De France in Canterbury a couple of times.
After this there was still 21.1 km run. While many were still cycling the winning competitors had already finished their run! Romain came in second place from the men, after being narrowly beaten by Eneko Llanos from Spain. The time this year was much quicker than last year due to the improved conditions.
Overall this was a fantastic day with a great atmosphere. All the competitors received encouragement and applause from the spectators who turned out in force to watch these amazing athletes. It has definitely inspired me to get more active and start running, swimming and getting fit again. Lanzarote and +Sands Beach Resort are the perfect places to do this!
After a year of some ups but more downs, summer couldn't come soon enough. I always look forward to summer with the long hot days, blue skies, and trips abroad. I can't remember the last year I didn't have a holiday abroad in summer, perhaps it has never been the case! As you will probably know if you have ever read my blog before or checked out my photos or videos, I love to travel! This year I was definitely ready to get away. I decided a trip back to Lanzarote would do me good with the guaranteed good weather, beautiful beaches and cheap living.
Although I had saved up some money from my previous job, I wanted to see if there was a way to live and work cheaply abroad. This is when I discovered +Workaway which is an amazing concept. There are literally thousands of hosts all over the world who are prepared to allow you to come and live and work with them, in exchange for food and accommodation. This is often the main expense when living abroad so this is the perfect combination. The work available is varied and is nothing too taxing (we are volunteers after all).
I flew back out here to Lanzarote in mid July and have been here since then. I spent two weeks working at +Kalindi Lanzarote in the small village of Tao which was an awesome experience. The owners Roy and Nohemi are really great people with a lovely concept. Kalindi is super chilled out and a great place to distress. There are yoga classes every morning and lots of other activities to get involved in.
Two weeks at Kalindi flew by, and before I knew it I was onto the next place, Casa El Morro in Uga. This was also a very relaxing environment to live and work in, with helpful staff and friendly guests. Uga itself is located inland near the Parque Nacional de Timanfaya so there are some spectacular views of mountains and volcanoes.
After one month in Uga I moved to the lively and interesting coastal resort of Costa Teguise at the end of August, and have been here since then. Here in Costa Teguise I have been working at the beautiful +Sands Beach Resort, as a copywriter for their blog and website. I would fully recommend Costa Teguise and Sands Beach Resort as somewhere to stay if you are thinking of coming to Lanzarote. Sands Beach Resort is a great place to relax or to stay active. You can choose how you want to spend your holiday there. Costa Teguise itself has all the shops, restaurants and beaches that you could need on a short holiday, but is also ideally located to access the rest of the island.
You also only a short bus ride away from the classy capital of Arrecife with its beautiful boat scenes and superb sandy beaches:
A bit further along the coast you will reach Puerto del Carmen, the most popular tourist hotspot on the island. While it can be extremely busy, if you catch it at the right time you can be alone on the beach. Good things come to those who wait:
This has just been a snapshot of my summer which has been hugely enjoyable and a great way to unwind. I am now eager to continue exploring Lanzarote, and hopefully in the future the rest of the Canary Islands. In my opinion this quote is totally true "Travel is the only thing you buy that makes you richer".
It would also be great if you can follow me Twitter and Instagram. Let me know what you think of my blog post/photos/anything you want in the comments below. It's always great to spark a conversation!
I will be back to blogging again more regularly after this break. Hope to see you again for my next post :D
I've been using Vine for about a year now, and up until a few days ago none of my Vines had gone viral (not even close!). Sure I'd been happy when some of them reached over 100 views and had likes, but none of them had grabbed that much attention. Three days ago though I posted a Vine of what I thought was a fairly interesting scene. Within minutes it had started to get a lot of views, and started to go up in hundreds and then thousands within hours. I was quite amazed and happy at the same time. It was also quite strange as it had never happened before and I couldn't help but wonder why? Here is the Vine below:
As you can see it is not incredibly interesting but I guess it has something about it that people like. It has had almost 35,000 views, 315 Likes, 22 Revines and 8 comments in three days! I'm just hoping this will not be just a one off fluke and that I can actually repeat this with some more Vines. I like the idea of Vines because it forces you to be creative within only six seconds. This is also what makes it so difficult, but everyone loves a challenge right?
If you have any comments please feel free to Comment below, and don't forget to share this post if you liked the Vine. You can follow me here: https://vine.co/Simon.Turkas Thanks!
This video is the second in my series of "Life in Motion" videos. As the name clearly suggests it was shot in London, during a day trip there back in February. The weather that day was better than now, depsite it now being May!
If you liked this video (or even if you didn´t) leave a comment below. I´d love to hear what you think and any constructive criticism is more than welcome. I know I have a lot of room for improvement, but I do enjoy these travel related videos.
If you like this poem or the photos please let me know in the comments below and share with the social media links below. Thanks!
This video is the first in my new series of "Life in Motion" videos. It is a short intro/example of how I hope these videos will look in the future. It was shot in Essex, UK, so of course I hope to improve with more interesting locations and improved techniques. I hope you enjoy!
If you liked this video please share it. Also feel free to leave any comments including constructive criticism below.
So you are thinking of visiting London, but something´s putting you off. No I´m not talking about the pigeons in Trafalgar Square, or even the the thought of bumping into Boris Johnson. It´s the thought of being conned by an over priced coffee shop, upsettingly expensive Underground trips or rip-off restaurants. Fear not! You can visit London without mortgaging your house, or even using your credit card. I myself love a good bargain and don´t like paying more than I need to.
If you are visiting London for the day, don´t bother going by car as you will have to hunt and pay for overpriced parking, and pay the ever increasing congestion charge if you drive into central London. Travelling by train is more convenient, better for the environment, and likely to be cheaper. The added bonus is that National Rail are offering 2For1 entry to over 150 top London attractions, restaurants, theaters, exhibitions and more, when you travel by train to the capital. This includes top London icons such as The Tower of London, London Dungeon and the London Eye.
A single journey on the London Underground will set you back about £4.50 which is expensive enough. Things could certainly add up if you going to be making multiple journeys. In that case make sure you buy a Travelcard as it will save you a lot of money! If you buy the Travelcard in combination with your train ticket it is £8.90. That´s about the same as two trips, and everything after that is like travelling for free.
As you undoubtedly already know, London is one of, if not the most famous city in the world. Millions of tourists visit every year for a reason. If you stroll around with your camera or smart phone it´s possible to take some amazing photos of world famous sites such as Tower Bridge, the London Eye, the Houses of Parliament, and Big Ben. Best of all, this is absolutely free!
London is packed with things to see and do, and surprisingly more than you would expect is without a cost. There are a wealth of great museums, that you can visit for free! This includes The Natural History Museum, The Science Museum, National Gallery, British Museum and Tate Modern.
Eating and drinking out are some of the biggest expenses you could encounter on a visit to London. Don't head to the first place you find though, and don't accept overpriced cafes and restaurants in the tourist hot spots. I saw small cups of coffee for over £3 on a recent trip to London which seemed crazy. In Hays Galleria my girlfriend +Yariza Martín Key and I found a fantastic cafe with a promotion that seemed almost too good to be true. Cinq cafe (www.cinqrestaurant.co.uk) is selling any coffee, any size for just 99p until the end of March. This even includes free flavoured syrups! The coffee was perfect, and there was service with a smile. I definitely recommend Cinq and shopping around.
I hope you enjoyed this blog post and can use these tips to save money on your visit to London. Of course there are many other ways to look around London cheaply, but I didn't want you to get bored, and I didn't want to give everything way! If you have any great ways to save money in London let me know in the comments below.
This video was shot at various beaches in #Lanzarote, #LaGraciosa and #Fuerteventura, all part of the Canary Islands.
I shot this video with help from my brother +Michael Turkas in East Anglia, UK over a couple of days. It features completely improvised acoustic guitar music from Michael.
If you liked the music and video please subscribe to my channel and share it! Let me know what you think as a comment below.
Harvest Past October 2018 (1) August 2018 (2) July 2018 (2) May 2018 (1) April 2018 (3) March 2018 (1) January 2018 (9) December 2017 (9) November 2017 (6) July 2017 (2) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (10) March 2017 (3) February 2017 (2) January 2017 (10) December 2016 (10) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (4) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (1) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (8) May 2016 (2) April 2016 (13) March 2016 (7) February 2016 (14) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (16) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (3) August 2015 (9) July 2015 (11) June 2015 (5) May 2015 (12) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (10) February 2015 (5) January 2015 (18) December 2014 (14) November 2014 (7) October 2014 (8) September 2014 (10) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (16) June 2014 (5) May 2014 (7) April 2014 (5) March 2014 (14) February 2014 (16) January 2014 (25) December 2013 (15) November 2013 (13) October 2013 (10) September 2013 (17) August 2013 (8) July 2013 (17) June 2013 (25) May 2013 (12) April 2013 (18) March 2013 (16) February 2013 (13) January 2013 (23) December 2012 (23) November 2012 (26) October 2012 (28) September 2012 (19) August 2012 (12) July 2012 (20) June 2012 (16) May 2012 (26) April 2012 (32) March 2012 (34) February 2012 (30) January 2012 (31) December 2011 (33) November 2011 (17) October 2011 (28) September 2011 (29) August 2011 (19) July 2011 (29) June 2011 (32) May 2011 (24) April 2011 (29) March 2011 (30) February 2011 (36) January 2011 (43) December 2010 (37) November 2010 (38) October 2010 (42) September 2010 (61) August 2010 (66) July 2010 (36) June 2010 (58) May 2010 (61) April 2010 (45) March 2010 (71) February 2010 (78) January 2010 (95) December 2009 (84) November 2009 (112) October 2009 (46) September 2009 (87) August 2009 (65) July 2009 (60) June 2009 (41) May 2009 (61) April 2009 (85) March 2009 (117) February 2009 (55) January 2009 (121) December 2008 (107) November 2008 (159) October 2008 (93) September 2008 (79) August 2008 (86) July 2008 (60) June 2008 (95) May 2008 (79) April 2008 (80) March 2008 (60) February 2008 (76) January 2008 (149) December 2007 (98) November 2007 (92) October 2007 (95) September 2007 (96) August 2007 (92) July 2007 (88) June 2007 (107) May 2007 (142) April 2007 (124) March 2007 (133) February 2007 (97) January 2007 (138) December 2006 (82) November 2006 (90) October 2006 (96) September 2006 (112) August 2006 (68) July 2006 (107) June 2006 (82) May 2006 (119) April 2006 (95) March 2006 (164) February 2006 (73) January 2006 (158) December 2005 (135) November 2005 (93) October 2005 (153) September 2005 (214) August 2005 (136) July 2005 (147) June 2005 (181) May 2005 (153) January 2001 (1)
Blogger Templates created by Deluxe Templates • Wordpress designed by Acosmin • Further customization by C. Blosser
Indulge yourself into the most captivating, alluring, sexy, sweet yet wild TS in town. Don't miss your chance of being with sexiest doll alive! I'm now here in UAE, Dubai. My name
big lots folding chairs no short description big lots folding chairs because this is pdf file PDF file
big lots folding chairs no short description big lots folding chairs because this is doc file DOC file
Archives Select Month April 2018 December 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 January 2017 December 2016 May 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014
Asia-Pacific Bidets Market 2017 Research report contains a qualified and comprehensive analysis of Bidets Market. Initially, the report provides current Bidets business scenario along with a proper evaluation of the Bidets industry. Asia-Pacific Bidets report is divided on the basis of leading Bidets players, application and regions. The ongoing Bidets market conditions are also revealed in the report.
Geographically, Bidets industry report split Asia-Pacific into several key Regions (Southeast Asia, Australia, India, Japan, China, South Korea and Taiwan), with revenue, sales, market share and growth rate of Bidets for these regions. The Bidets market research report also explores the available markets throughout Asia-Pacific regions from 2017 to 2022 (Forecast).
Furthermore, the report focuses on different visible elements such as Bidets product categories, product price and cost, Bidets market revenue and different market segments. It also displays the basic overview of Bidets business, with Bidets applications, classifications, descriptions, competitive analysis of Bidets market, along with Bidets industry chain structure.
The Bidets report consist competitive study of the major Bidets manufacturers which will help to develop a marketing strategy.
The Bidets report provides deep research study of Bidets market based on development opportunities, growth limiting factors and feasibility of investment.
The study of emerging Bidets market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning their Bidets business strategies.
Furthermore, Bidets manufacturing cost analysis, Bidets capacity, production and revenue of Bidets industry are covered in depth in this report. Lastly, the Asia-Pacific Bidets report present research conclusions, findings which can offer a summarized view of the Bidets market 2017.
Buying Samurai sword can be an once-in-a-lifetime affair. So, before you purchase it, there are some things that need to be well considered. Here are they. Take a look.
The most important thing that must be considered while buying katana for sale in UK is the steel. Picking up the steel with the best even distribution of the carbon will ensure you that no weak spots will be there in the finished forged blade.
Now, it is well known that Forging actually defines Samurai sword. Authentic swords are generally forged. So, it is good to ask for the forged katana for sale in UK while buying one. Each folded and forged blades reflects an individual expression of steel, the smith, and the fire.
When it comes to the shape and design of the sword, it must be historically accurate. Authentic swords generally follow the historical tradition. You should look out for such samurai sword that actually honours the great tradition and reflect those qualities.
Another important aspect of these samurai swords is the balance. It refers actually to its functionality. Many of the modern samurai swords lack this functionality and are not capable to bear the strains and stresses of serious use. So, consider this factor while buying it as well.
Your seller must offer extensive quality control. It is a good idea to demand that your sword is properly inspected. Demand experienced and professional quality control.
To wrap up, taking a bit of time to study the above items can definitely pay you off. So, take care of the above points and ensure the best buy of the Samurai sword.
Whether it is a small business or a large scale business, the burden to reduce electricity bills is faced by many. The usage of electricity in your office is much higher than it is used in your house. The use of electric appliances can be reduced at home but it can’t be reduced at your workplace. Large number of computers and machines are used in large organisations which require high energy usage. Thus, it becomes essential to select the electricity supplier with care.
There are many business electricity suppliers available nowadays. You need to select the best one for your business that provides the best quality of services. You can ask them to visit your place to check the amount of energy requirement. Based on the inspection, they give you suggestions for how to conserve the electricity. They provide good quality of power saving appliances for your workplace by which you can save electricity and reduce the burden for higher electricity bills.
Business electricity price comparison is important for selecting best business electricity suppliers. Tariffs for business electricity and domestic electricity are different. If you get into a long term contract with these business electricity suppliers, they will provide you electricity at discounted price. You can easily get the details regarding different business electricity suppliers online. The price rate and features of services provided by different business electricity suppliers are available online. You can easily get through it and check the quotes. After that you can select the best business electricity supplier for your business. So, be a little smarter and save electricity at your workplace.
A lot of people like being on the lake. Some still like it even when it's -10 and the water is frozen solid. I'm not one of them. Still, a lot of people enjoy cross country skiing, ice fishing, and many other outdoor activities where you may end up on or near a frozen body of water. If you, or anyone you know ever falls through the ice, this is an excellent video on how to get out. Hopefully you never need to use the knowledge, but it is a very good thing to know... especially if you live in one of the frozen parts of our planet like I do.
The Claim- "A Human body can bear only up to 45 del (units) of pain. Yet at time of giving birth, a mother feels up to 57 Del (units)...
Claim- A video has been circulating around depicting the legendary martial artist Bruce Lee demonstrating his skills by playing a g...
Claim- Toothpaste can clean foggy headlights on your car almost as well as expensive products that claim to do the same thing. The Cla...
Claim- "Instant noodles contain a wax coating which is also used in the styrofoam containers. That is why instant noodles don't s...
Claim - Drinking a cold glass of water after a meal can harm you. The cold water will solidify the oily stuff that you have just consumed,...
Claim- A strange phenomenon is happening in some Russian forests. Mysteries holes are popping up all over the country, and no-one seems ...
The Greek Solon, the Wise and Law-giver: "Being himself the fatherless father, thrice-praised and thrice-radiant as the light, it is God who suffers and not godhead which suffers, who therefore is light, this mortal-body is God, and man always bringing among mortals.
The Bladnoch distillery produces some of the Lowland region's finest whiskies. This 16 year old is part of the distillery's main selection. Bottled at a nice drinking strength of 55% this whisky comes in a 70cl bottle. Gets an average rating of 90 on Whisky Connosr, from 1 ratings across the network.
There are no further shopping results for Bladnoch 16 Year Old Sheep Label but you might be interested to try some of these brands and bottlings.
The prices displayed in these search results are indicative and may be subject to change. Please check the whisky retailers' website before completing your purchase. Whisky prices include VAT or Sales Tax but don't include shipping costs. You order may be subject to import duty.
Staff Picks: eye catching new spirit releases This post will be updated regularly to include whiskies that have caught our eye. From time to time we…
Staff Picks - July 2016: Bitters for Whisky Cocktails It would be fair to say that over the years we’ve changed our position on the adulteration of whisky. …
Looking to experience some of the finest food & spirits #India has to offer? Join @Amrutsinglemalt on Monday 10/1 f… https://t.co/IcaUm4ar3O
SMOKE! A tasting of whiskies/mezcals alongside Cuban cigars & carefully paired food. @Boisdale CW on the 1st Nov -… https://t.co/3k8oBv8B8T
This bottling of Scotch Whisky from the Glenrothes distillery has no age statement. Not a high-strength whisky, it comes at an ABV of 40% and is bottled at a regular size of 70cl. The overall brand rating for Glenrothes on Whisky Connosr is 81 out of 100.
There are no further shopping results for Glenrothes Alba Reserve but you might be interested to try some of these brands and bottlings.
Since childhood I have been interested in the world of natural aromatics. This interest gradually developed into our home business White Lotus Aromatics. Keypoints along this aromatic journey were: 1) living on a small farm in India where many tropical fragrant plants were to be found 2) a career in horticulture, highlighted by working on a formal garden estate, Filoli 3) many journeys throughout the length and breadth of India to explore India's ancient and modern aromatic traditions. Please note that I have an interest in the wonderful world of natural aromatics, but have no therapeutic expertise. Any mention of ayurveda or other traditional healing systems in strictly for cultural interest.
This blogsite has been created to share in depth observations about the aromatic qualities of specific essential oils, absolutes, CO2 extracts, and attars.
‘There was a long wait on the NHS to get assessed for a wheelchair and I had to attend quite a few consultations before I could even get one. Not only that, but the lady who was meant to be helping me to get a chair actually made me feel worse about everything and it became an uncomfortable experience. I was always being told that the chair would help me, but the one I received was too heavy to push around, it was damaging my shoulders and I didn’t feel like I could be fully independent at all.
‘It was a completely different experience with Whizz-Kidz; they wanted to find out from me what I wanted from my wheelchair and I felt really involved in the process. The wheelchair I received is great! I’m now more independent – I get to go out and do what I want to do, go to college, socialise and have fun. As well as giving me my chair, Whizz-Kidz have been an even bigger part of my life and joining the Whizz-Kidz community has been a great opportunity for me to get involved in many different things.
‘As soon as a spot became available, I became a Kidz Board member for my region. The Kidz Board discusses and raises awareness of issues that affect young disabled people, and I feel like our work is having a big impact on the wider community. For example, before the 2012 Olympics we had a travel briefing with the event organisers, and our work actually informed their transport plans and allowed other disabled people to enjoy the event and get there safely.
‘All the things I have done with Whizz-Kidz has helped me on a personal level too. For example at the Norwich Ambassador Club, I've made lots of friends and have fun with other wheelchair users. The club has also helped my communication skills and confidence.
'One of the best things about having a lightweight chair from Whizz-Kidz is that is easier for me to drive my car because I can move more freely and dismantle my chair. This means I have more time to fit in college, basketball and my activities with Whizz-Kidz!’
As part of his role as a Kidz Board member, Joel visited Glasgow's Hampden Park for a game of Boccia
Designed with disabled children, young people and their families in mind, our app allows users to view mobility equipment, our additional services, and more on fundraising and volunteering.
Whizz-Kidz is the working name of The Movement for Non-Mobile Children (Whizz-Kidz). Registered charity No. 802872. Company registered in England and Wales No. 2444520. Charity registered in Scotland No. SC042607
This location [Denver, CO,United States] just probably in map.This 7163322965 phone number also may be located anywhere in the United States or Canada.
We suggest use white and yellow pages, social networks or other public resources to find the true location of this phone number
Inc. magazine. When you tell them to quit calling-as they say the only way if you read back to them something I actually said them. Started a few times a week-now it's a couple of times a day.
Magazine company. Has scammed me out of over 700 dollars. Do not give them money and if they say you owe them anything tell them to go f*** themselves
Please report Debt Collector,Fax Machine,Prank Call,SMS,Survey,Telemarketer and scammers to help other people identify caller from this phone number.
Report us as much as you can without sharing any personal information. How many calls or texts did you get from 7203989659 and what did they say? Please don't use any insulting vocabulary. Otherwise we will remove your report.
Someone left a message on my machine to contact them regarding my account. She did not remember her name or company name, or what they were talking ...
Effektiv virketid på 100 sekunder. Nok til at slukke en stor brand i både erhversskibe og fritifdsfartøjer.
Steven Spielberg, George Lucas, and Harrison Ford made a movie called Raiders Of The Lost Ark. Everyone liked it so much that the networks asked an important question: "How can we do the same thing on television for 1/1000th the budget?" And so the pilot for Tales of the Gold Monkey was born.
Deep in the South Pacific in the year 1938, there lives a group of extremely realistic-looking monkeys. They love eating fruit in solitude, but today they are not alone.
Nazis are very, very bad guys. They don't let monkeys eat their fruit. In fact, they shoot the fruit right out of the monkeys' hands! Why? Because, you dummkopf, that's why!
Hey look! It's baby-faced William Forsythe, and Hanus is Norbert Weisser, the Franch taster from Breaking Bad!
It's the fight to the death you always dreamed of but dared not wish for, because after you witness Nazis fighting a group of monkeys, there is no higher high.
Who's playing? Jake; a Nazi Gestapo officer (John Hillerman) going undercover as Nazi Naval Officer (yes); and Black Man (Johnny Sekka), a sharp dresser.
Who wins? Not Jake, and definitely not Jack, who now has to walk around the gross steamy jungle with a hole in his head just begging for an infection.
Issue: Some guy named Sam (Ken Smolka) is going at it with Jack and is about to club him with a crowbar.
Mitigating Circumstances: Jack attacked Sam, but only after Sam put some drunken moves on a lady on the dock, saying he wanted "a little nice-nice, it's not gonna hurt." That's the '30s version of "just the tip" along with "I want to list the first 11 of the 58 member states of the failed League of Nations with you."
Every by-the-book adventure needs a damsel-in-distress but is there more to her than it seems? Yes. Does it really matter that much? No.
A German officer (John Calvin) is late meeting his Japanese counterpart. When the Japanese warrior complains that he is late, the German blames the Japanese captain of the boat that brought him here. So they chop off his head because he's, like, super-Japanese.
What's it about? Buckle in. Der Führer has hear tell of the legendary Gold Monkey which survived intact inside a volcano. You see, the Germans want to build super-rockets to explode the world, but the super-rocket fuel melts steel. Gold super-rocket domination is only one Gold Monkey idol away! Ze German asks Princess Kogi (Marta Dubois) for help locating the idol in exchange for five times its worth in gold.
How'd it go? Pretty good in the end: ze German secured Princess Kogi's help. Also, Princess Kogi was naked in a hot tub the whole time.
Any snakes or feats of dexterity involved? You are in luck! During this whole meeting -- just three feet away -- there's a warrior in training trying to snatch a red ribbon off that ol' yellow cobra. He dances around the snake for a good three minutes. Then something happens.
I know that somewhere in the Marivellas there's supposed to be a gold idol as big as a house, guarded by giant monkeys. There's also supposed to be a Zulu tribe with the treasure of King Solomon's mines, and the lost Ark of the Covenant....
This is the guy who keeps Jake's bucket of bolts flying. He also talks to the dog way too much. He might be simple. You may remember him as Thomas's navy buddy from Magnum P.I.
I've been here on Boragora for almost two years and people still call me "Timothy Dalton." I'd wish they'd stop. It's not funny anymore.
God often works in mysterious ways. Not this time, though. God went down to the M*A*S*H wardrobe dept and snagged Father Mulcahy's stuff for Ze German to wear around Boragora as he gathers intel on the Gold Monkey's location.
So we learn that the Gold Monkey is on Baku. Two groups are going: The Good Guys (plus Monocle, who lies his way on the plane) are going in Cutter's Goose, and The Axis Of Moderately Evil Ne'er-Do-Wells are going by ship.
Q: If Baku is an active volcano that's been erupting every year for as long as people have known, how come there's such a pronounced peak on it?
Royal Rice Sack Of Plenty: It's the dress that says you are the staple that drives your society but the black strap hints at the contained riches within. You are the provider and the ruler. Don't let them forget it.
Happy-Go Nazi: Just because you're working for a power-hungry monster doesn't mean you can't be comfortable while you do it. High socks protect you from tropic gnats, while those short shorts entice the ladies with the question that's on their mind day after day after day: "Will today be the day his testicles fall out?"
The Axis Of Moderately Evil Ne'er-Do-Wells escape to live another day and continue their uneasy alliance.
The Watercooler is PrideStaff's blog covering trends and tips for successfully managing issues in the workplace, such as: retention, employee engagement, and interviewing.
It’s a hot topic – and with good reason. Thanks to historically low unemployment, employers across the country are struggling to recruit qualified candidates. At the same time, several states are legalizing recreational drugs like marijuana for personal use.
In a time when talent is scarce and drug usage is becoming more acceptable, it’s little wonder more people are pushing for the abolishment of workplace drug testing.
But is that a good idea? Research cited by the National Institute on Drug Abuse shows that drug use on the job leads to a host of problems. Substance-abusing employees are more likely than those who do not use substances to:
If you’re in an industry like transportation, safety, defense, healthcare, education or aviation, you may be required to test certain applicants and employees for drug and alcohol use. If your organization isn’t required by law to conduct drug testing, however, what’s the best way to handle this complex issue?
Pre-employment drug testing. Employers may screen job applicants for drug usage as part of the hiring process. Typically, drug screening is conducted once an employer has offered a candidate a job. If the candidate refuses or fails the drug testing, the employer could withdraw the job offer.
Reasonable suspicion drug testing. In this type of drug testing, employees are subject to testing when a supervisor has evidence or reasonable cause to suspect an employee of drug use (based on direct observation, either by the supervisor or another employee). Since this is a discretionary type of drug testing, supervisors must be carefully trained to ensure consistent application of the program across the workforce.
Post-accident drug testing. As its name implies, this type of drug testing is performed after an employee has been involved in a workplace accident – generally within 12 hours. Testing is designed to determine whether drugs were a factor in the incident (though a positive result in and of itself cannot prove that drug use caused the accident).
Random drug testing. This type of workplace drug testing is popular for two key reasons but does require some caution:
It’s a strong deterrent to drug users, because it’s conducted on an unannounced basis using a random selection process.
Caution: This type of drug testing is heavily regulated and used by companies covered by the Department of Transportation.
The truth is, only you can decide. But before you do, consider the pros and cons of workplace drug tests, which we cover in this earlier post.
Minimize your organization’s risks and increase applicant quality by allowing our pre-employment screening experts to manage part or all of your screening process. PrideStaff can:
conduct additional pre-employment screening, including drug screens and skills testing, to ensure the right candidates are hired the first time.
Tags: Workplace Drug Testing, Pre-Employment Screening, Pre-Employment Drug Testing, Marijuana At Work, Drug Abuse At Work, Is My Employee High, Hr Issues, Temp Help, employment staffing agencies, National Employment Agency
The River King by Alice Hoffman no short description The River King by Alice Hoffman because this is pdf file PDF file
The River King by Alice Hoffman no short description The River King by Alice Hoffman because this is doc file DOC file
engaging anthropological theory a social and political history by moberg mark 2012 paperback no short description engaging anthropological theory a social and political history by moberg mark 2012 paperback because this is pdf file PDF file
engaging anthropological theory a social and political history by moberg mark 2012 paperback no short description engaging anthropological theory a social and political history by moberg mark 2012 paperback because this is doc file DOC file
50 activities for coaching amp mentoring ebooks no short description 50 activities for coaching amp mentoring ebooks because this is pdf file PDF file
50 activities for coaching amp mentoring ebooks no short description 50 activities for coaching amp mentoring ebooks because this is doc file DOC file
panasonic television service manual no short description panasonic television service manual because this is pdf file PDF file
panasonic television service manual no short description panasonic television service manual because this is doc file DOC file
the intimacy paradox personal authority in the family system by williamson phd donald s 1991 hardcover no short description the intimacy paradox personal authority in the family system by williamson phd donald s 1991 hardcover because this is pdf file PDF file
the intimacy paradox personal authority in the family system by williamson phd donald s 1991 hardcover no short description the intimacy paradox personal authority in the family system by williamson phd donald s 1991 hardcover because this is doc file DOC file
pre employment drug and alcohol testing a pocket guide no short description pre employment drug and alcohol testing a pocket guide because this is pdf file PDF file
pre employment drug and alcohol testing a pocket guide no short description pre employment drug and alcohol testing a pocket guide because this is doc file DOC file
the report of the committee of both houses of assembly of the province of south carolina appointed to enquire into the causes of the disappointment in the late expedition against st augustine no short description the report of the committee of both houses of assembly of the province of south carolina appointed to enquire into the causes of the disappointment in the late expedition against st augustine because this is pdf file PDF file
the report of the committee of both houses of assembly of the province of south carolina appointed to enquire into the causes of the disappointment in the late expedition against st augustine no short description the report of the committee of both houses of assembly of the province of south carolina appointed to enquire into the causes of the disappointment in the late expedition against st augustine because this is doc file DOC file
revised school based management manual no short description revised school based management manual because this is pdf file PDF file
revised school based management manual no short description revised school based management manual because this is doc file DOC file
new directions in old age policies no short description new directions in old age policies because this is pdf file PDF file
new directions in old age policies no short description new directions in old age policies because this is doc file DOC file
the feng shui matrix the feng shui matrix no short description the feng shui matrix the feng shui matrix because this is pdf file PDF file
the feng shui matrix the feng shui matrix no short description the feng shui matrix the feng shui matrix because this is doc file DOC file
selling building partnerships 8th edition pdf no short description selling building partnerships 8th edition pdf because this is pdf file PDF file
selling building partnerships 8th edition pdf no short description selling building partnerships 8th edition pdf because this is doc file DOC file
1986 22r repair manual no short description 1986 22r repair manual because this is pdf file PDF file
1986 22r repair manual no short description 1986 22r repair manual because this is doc file DOC file
wild frenchmen and frenchified indians material culture and race in colonial louisiana early american studies no short description wild frenchmen and frenchified indians material culture and race in colonial louisiana early american studies because this is pdf file PDF file
wild frenchmen and frenchified indians material culture and race in colonial louisiana early american studies no short description wild frenchmen and frenchified indians material culture and race in colonial louisiana early american studies because this is doc file DOC file
owner manual for larson 330 no short description owner manual for larson 330 because this is pdf file PDF file
owner manual for larson 330 no short description owner manual for larson 330 because this is doc file DOC file
the complete guide to chair caning restoring cane rush splint wicker rattan furniture no short description the complete guide to chair caning restoring cane rush splint wicker rattan furniture because this is pdf file PDF file
the complete guide to chair caning restoring cane rush splint wicker rattan furniture no short description the complete guide to chair caning restoring cane rush splint wicker rattan furniture because this is doc file DOC file
child care staff scheduling no short description child care staff scheduling because this is pdf file PDF file
child care staff scheduling no short description child care staff scheduling because this is doc file DOC file
by jeff figler pickers pocket guide baseball memorabilia how to pick antiques like a pro paperback no short description by jeff figler pickers pocket guide baseball memorabilia how to pick antiques like a pro paperback because this is pdf file PDF file
by jeff figler pickers pocket guide baseball memorabilia how to pick antiques like a pro paperback no short description by jeff figler pickers pocket guide baseball memorabilia how to pick antiques like a pro paperback because this is doc file DOC file
envision math common core first grade chart no short description envision math common core first grade chart because this is pdf file PDF file
envision math common core first grade chart no short description envision math common core first grade chart because this is doc file DOC file
life of christ the art of carl bloch illustrated affordable portable art no short description life of christ the art of carl bloch illustrated affordable portable art because this is pdf file PDF file
life of christ the art of carl bloch illustrated affordable portable art no short description life of christ the art of carl bloch illustrated affordable portable art because this is doc file DOC file
autozone oil change specials no short description autozone oil change specials because this is pdf file PDF file
autozone oil change specials no short description autozone oil change specials because this is doc file DOC file
cummins diesel ism qsm11 engine repair servicworkshop manual no short description cummins diesel ism qsm11 engine repair servicworkshop manual because this is pdf file PDF file
cummins diesel ism qsm11 engine repair servicworkshop manual no short description cummins diesel ism qsm11 engine repair servicworkshop manual because this is doc file DOC file
scallops a new england coastal cookbook no short description scallops a new england coastal cookbook because this is pdf file PDF file
scallops a new england coastal cookbook no short description scallops a new england coastal cookbook because this is doc file DOC file
yoga meditations artwork by elena ray 2015 wall calendar no short description yoga meditations artwork by elena ray 2015 wall calendar because this is pdf file PDF file
yoga meditations artwork by elena ray 2015 wall calendar no short description yoga meditations artwork by elena ray 2015 wall calendar because this is doc file DOC file
experiential education making the most of learning outside the classroom new directions for teaching and learning number 124 no short description experiential education making the most of learning outside the classroom new directions for teaching and learning number 124 because this is pdf file PDF file
experiential education making the most of learning outside the classroom new directions for teaching and learning number 124 no short description experiential education making the most of learning outside the classroom new directions for teaching and learning number 124 because this is doc file DOC file
engineering mathematics 7th edition no short description engineering mathematics 7th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
engineering mathematics 7th edition no short description engineering mathematics 7th edition because this is doc file DOC file
grad school essentials a crash course in scholarly skills no short description grad school essentials a crash course in scholarly skills because this is pdf file PDF file
grad school essentials a crash course in scholarly skills no short description grad school essentials a crash course in scholarly skills because this is doc file DOC file
frontier phone features guide no short description frontier phone features guide because this is doc file DOC file
americas competitive secret women managers no short description americas competitive secret women managers because this is pdf file PDF file
americas competitive secret women managers no short description americas competitive secret women managers because this is doc file DOC file
the phoenix project shifting from oil to hydrogen no short description the phoenix project shifting from oil to hydrogen because this is pdf file PDF file
the phoenix project shifting from oil to hydrogen no short description the phoenix project shifting from oil to hydrogen because this is doc file DOC file
the black sun the alchemy and art of darkness carolyn and ernest fay series in analytical psychology no short description the black sun the alchemy and art of darkness carolyn and ernest fay series in analytical psychology because this is pdf file PDF file
the black sun the alchemy and art of darkness carolyn and ernest fay series in analytical psychology no short description the black sun the alchemy and art of darkness carolyn and ernest fay series in analytical psychology because this is doc file DOC file
automatic transmissions and transaxles 5th edition professional technician no short description automatic transmissions and transaxles 5th edition professional technician because this is pdf file PDF file
automatic transmissions and transaxles 5th edition professional technician no short description automatic transmissions and transaxles 5th edition professional technician because this is doc file DOC file
could you not watch with me one hour how to cultivate a deeper relationship with the lord through eucharistic no short description could you not watch with me one hour how to cultivate a deeper relationship with the lord through eucharistic because this is pdf file PDF file
could you not watch with me one hour how to cultivate a deeper relationship with the lord through eucharistic no short description could you not watch with me one hour how to cultivate a deeper relationship with the lord through eucharistic because this is doc file DOC file
applied practice the awakening guide answers no short description applied practice the awakening guide answers because this is pdf file PDF file
applied practice the awakening guide answers no short description applied practice the awakening guide answers because this is doc file DOC file
ford models 1995 workshop repair service manual 9734 complete informative for diy repair 9734 no short description ford models 1995 workshop repair service manual 9734 complete informative for diy repair 9734 because this is doc file DOC file
introduction to flight 7th edition solutions manual scribd no short description introduction to flight 7th edition solutions manual scribd because this is pdf file PDF file
introduction to flight 7th edition solutions manual scribd no short description introduction to flight 7th edition solutions manual scribd because this is doc file DOC file
florida coach standards based instruction gold edition mathematics grade 3 no short description florida coach standards based instruction gold edition mathematics grade 3 because this is pdf file PDF file
florida coach standards based instruction gold edition mathematics grade 3 no short description florida coach standards based instruction gold edition mathematics grade 3 because this is doc file DOC file
how to survive a robot uprising no short description how to survive a robot uprising because this is pdf file PDF file
how to survive a robot uprising no short description how to survive a robot uprising because this is doc file DOC file
when darkness tries to hide montgomery lake high no 2 no short description when darkness tries to hide montgomery lake high no 2 because this is doc file DOC file
opel astra f owners guide no short description opel astra f owners guide because this is pdf file PDF file
opel astra f owners guide no short description opel astra f owners guide because this is doc file DOC file
the red terrors the story of a high schools drive to football glory in 1964 georgia no short description the red terrors the story of a high schools drive to football glory in 1964 georgia because this is pdf file PDF file
the red terrors the story of a high schools drive to football glory in 1964 georgia no short description the red terrors the story of a high schools drive to football glory in 1964 georgia because this is doc file DOC file
holt mcdougal biology power notes no short description holt mcdougal biology power notes because this is doc file DOC file
godsend 12 the audacity godsend series no short description godsend 12 the audacity godsend series because this is pdf file PDF file
godsend 12 the audacity godsend series no short description godsend 12 the audacity godsend series because this is doc file DOC file
remembrances of james the brother of jesus no short description remembrances of james the brother of jesus because this is pdf file PDF file
remembrances of james the brother of jesus no short description remembrances of james the brother of jesus because this is doc file DOC file
the domestic abroad diasporas in international relations no short description the domestic abroad diasporas in international relations because this is pdf file PDF file
the domestic abroad diasporas in international relations no short description the domestic abroad diasporas in international relations because this is doc file DOC file
ebay global the smart way buying and selling internationally on the worlds 1 auction site no short description ebay global the smart way buying and selling internationally on the worlds 1 auction site because this is pdf file PDF file
ebay global the smart way buying and selling internationally on the worlds 1 auction site no short description ebay global the smart way buying and selling internationally on the worlds 1 auction site because this is doc file DOC file
the good housekeeping test kitchen grilling cookbook 225 sizzling recipes for every season no short description the good housekeeping test kitchen grilling cookbook 225 sizzling recipes for every season because this is pdf file PDF file
the good housekeeping test kitchen grilling cookbook 225 sizzling recipes for every season no short description the good housekeeping test kitchen grilling cookbook 225 sizzling recipes for every season because this is doc file DOC file
do i understand you correctly: the sequencer doe not clock because the clock is to high, even after the schmitt trigger?
taking the incoming 10 volt clock signal and spitting out a 12 volt clock signal after the diode drop from D21 the level is still just too high at around 11.1 volts
I cant see any differance with my scope but at that voltage level i really dont have enough resolution on the screen
another diode in series with D21 the extra diode voltage drop should get the pulse level down to below 11 volts and seems to be the easiest
IF the level would be the problem, then i could not see wy attenuating it should not work... so might it still be another issue? where is the lower level of both clocks? is there a difference in the "slope" of the clock (the should not actually be a slope in a clock signal)?
my thought was that the output of Q2 should not rise above 10 volts in theory but i see at just over 11 volts there
tring an extra diode to drop the level did acheive that but still did not step the 4017 and the square wave still looked perfectly square on the scope
I might be way off here, but if R46 was decreased, wouldn't that lower the voltage at the CLK input pin (14)?
to the clock pin but made no difference to the stepping or non stepping of the 4017 and yet the wave form still looked ok on the scope i would have thought that the wave shape would have to have been a fair way from square to be a problem with this type of circuit
so i am now thinking any extra diode must have a bad enough effect on the wave shape so as to prevent stepping even though it is not obvious
input to the 4017 still stepped when clocked from master clock but still did not step from M2C so i think it is reasonable to rule out the clock level
perhaps i could test the HFE of the transistors used and select some from the opposite end of the scale ? not sure about that the validity of that though, as Q1 and Q2 are just being turned on surely.
maybe my next step should be to panel up a sequential switch as Matthias suggested as it has the same front end circuit and see how that performs then if still no result after that maybe panel up a second VCPS so i can do a more direct comparison though that will obviously take far more time.
fortunately or i probably would never have seen it i still had the clock incoming from the M2C running very slowly and the damn thing kept resetting itself to the first step on every clock pulse
specifically R52 - 100k which ties the reset to ground to stop the input floating when not in use though how this affects the clocking only when it is above a certain level is I will run over it in my head to see if i can figure out a proveable theory
Out of time tonight will check have to check it out tomorrow night so i will sleep on it [ I do my best work asleep apparently ]
it actually is R43 that ties the counter ICs reset input to ground. the parts R52, C27, D16, R53, R39 form a simple clock to pulse converter.
so this behaviour is intended: the reset is just a reset and not an inhibit. it resets the sequencer to step 1. from the rising edge of any incoming reset signal (squared) a short pulse is created, so that the sequencer keeps running (now starting from step 1), no matter how long your reset signal is.
when the clock pulse exceeds 9 volts [the two inputs wiring runs next to each other and are loomed together] thus R52 is still the most likely candidate.
This problem never arose before simply because previously the sequencer was never clocked with an high enough signal to produce this affect
it would explain very nicely why the sequencer sits on step one and refuses to move if it is being clocked and reset at the same time.
there was indeed a very noticeable short spike [above 1 volt certainly]being induced from the clock input to the reset input before i fixed R52 there is nothing above 50 mVolts now but i also ended up moving the reset and clock wiring away from each other afterward just to be on the safe side.
actually i wanted to emphasize how helpful it could be to do the "greenlining" of a circuit as part of troubleshooting, however, in this case you naturally focused on the clock circuitry, whereas the error hid itself in the reset circuitry - really nasty.
All this bug stuff makes me shudder for what's in store for me...me with over 90 PCBs in various states of completion and 2 19" wide panels still in the wiring process.
emdot you are not alone I am in the same boat maybe even a little worse though i havent done an exact count of how many boards
with lots of mods to do including my first 4 layer board. now i am really sweating over that one as well
I've got 2 VCPS boards...and I think they're pretty much completed. But no sense working on them when my first two big dual synth voice (2 VCO, 2 VCF, 2 VCA, 2 EG, 2 Mixers) and expander (4 LFO, Noise, Sample/Hold, Fonik VCRM and Quantizer) panels aren't done yet.
Just designed a 2U MOTM panel (not using MOTM grid) dual 292c LPG with 2 Fonik VC Mode expansion boards that I'm really keen to build, too...those LPG boards were the first boards I bought from the forums...like in 2009!
Fonik, I 've tried the little circuit you 've shown on page 10 of this thread, the ADC chip is now awake! Thanks for sharing!
no boards left. and currently i don't have any plans to do another DIY PCB run, i am working on the fonitronik eurorack module prototype II instead
As there were no boards left I made one based on Matthias' board and comprehensive schematics. It works perfectly with the one exception that an extra trigger is generated at "end of gate". If anyone has a clue why that might be I'm keen to know, I've tried everything I can think of without success.........billy
Apply Online and get Fast Unsecured $100 - $25,000 Loans within 24 hours from Direct Lenders in Stronghurst, Illinois
$100 - $25,000 Loans for residents of Stronghurst, Cash Advance - Payday Loans Online in Illinois (IL).
Almost half of Stronghurst residents take Payday or Personal Loans. Are you also looking for the nearest cash store? Don’t waste your time! What can be nearer than online?! No traffic jams, no lines, no paperwork, no faxing! Get money 100% online.
We are proud to operate in compliance with Stronghurst, Cash Advance - Payday Loans Online in Illinois (IL) regulations. All our partners are OLA licensed and authorized and work in accordance with the law.
Borrowing money in Stronghurst with the help of our company is just a pleasure: convenient, quick, easy and reliable!
captain nobody study guide no short description captain nobody study guide because this is pdf file PDF file
captain nobody study guide no short description captain nobody study guide because this is doc file DOC file
reebok z9 exercise bike manual no short description reebok z9 exercise bike manual because this is pdf file PDF file
reebok z9 exercise bike manual no short description reebok z9 exercise bike manual because this is doc file DOC file
mazatrol programming manual for mill no short description mazatrol programming manual for mill because this is pdf file PDF file
mazatrol programming manual for mill no short description mazatrol programming manual for mill because this is doc file DOC file
promoting health in children and young people promoting health in children and young people no short description promoting health in children and young people promoting health in children and young people because this is pdf file PDF file
promoting health in children and young people promoting health in children and young people no short description promoting health in children and young people promoting health in children and young people because this is doc file DOC file
new natures joining environmental history with science and technology studies no short description new natures joining environmental history with science and technology studies because this is pdf file PDF file
new natures joining environmental history with science and technology studies no short description new natures joining environmental history with science and technology studies because this is doc file DOC file
garden cities morrow being peaceful no short description garden cities morrow being peaceful because this is pdf file PDF file
garden cities morrow being peaceful no short description garden cities morrow being peaceful because this is doc file DOC file
the illustrated encyclopedia of flowering plants no short description the illustrated encyclopedia of flowering plants because this is pdf file PDF file
the illustrated encyclopedia of flowering plants no short description the illustrated encyclopedia of flowering plants because this is doc file DOC file
mcgraw hill book online no short description mcgraw hill book online because this is pdf file PDF file
mcgraw hill book online no short description mcgraw hill book online because this is doc file DOC file
boys of the battleship north carolina no short description boys of the battleship north carolina because this is pdf file PDF file
boys of the battleship north carolina no short description boys of the battleship north carolina because this is doc file DOC file
longman preparation toeic ad course 5th edition no short description longman preparation toeic ad course 5th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
longman preparation toeic ad course 5th edition no short description longman preparation toeic ad course 5th edition because this is doc file DOC file
read under the dome online no short description read under the dome online because this is pdf file PDF file
read under the dome online no short description read under the dome online because this is doc file DOC file
british drag racing the early years those were the days no short description british drag racing the early years those were the days because this is pdf file PDF file
british drag racing the early years those were the days no short description british drag racing the early years those were the days because this is doc file DOC file
cast of characters common people in the hands of an uncommon god hardcover no short description cast of characters common people in the hands of an uncommon god hardcover because this is pdf file PDF file
cast of characters common people in the hands of an uncommon god hardcover no short description cast of characters common people in the hands of an uncommon god hardcover because this is doc file DOC file
marine c7 service manual no short description marine c7 service manual because this is pdf file PDF file
marine c7 service manual no short description marine c7 service manual because this is doc file DOC file
sql server dmvs in action better queries with dynamic management views no short description sql server dmvs in action better queries with dynamic management views because this is pdf file PDF file
sql server dmvs in action better queries with dynamic management views no short description sql server dmvs in action better queries with dynamic management views because this is doc file DOC file
how to convert multiple pdfs into one pdf no short description how to convert multiple pdfs into one pdf because this is pdf file PDF file
how to convert multiple pdfs into one pdf no short description how to convert multiple pdfs into one pdf because this is doc file DOC file
women and enlightenment in eighteenth century britain no short description women and enlightenment in eighteenth century britain because this is doc file DOC file
a world of wisdom seasonal grain based low animal product whole foods recipes no short description a world of wisdom seasonal grain based low animal product whole foods recipes because this is pdf file PDF file
a world of wisdom seasonal grain based low animal product whole foods recipes no short description a world of wisdom seasonal grain based low animal product whole foods recipes because this is doc file DOC file
a year of your life a yearbook covering the events of 1973 no short description a year of your life a yearbook covering the events of 1973 because this is pdf file PDF file
a year of your life a yearbook covering the events of 1973 no short description a year of your life a yearbook covering the events of 1973 because this is doc file DOC file
measurement system analysis manual no short description measurement system analysis manual because this is pdf file PDF file
measurement system analysis manual no short description measurement system analysis manual because this is doc file DOC file
goshena queen of the big in betweena no short description goshena queen of the big in betweena because this is pdf file PDF file
goshena queen of the big in betweena no short description goshena queen of the big in betweena because this is doc file DOC file
hal leonard rubank elementary method french horn in f mellophone or e flat alto no short description hal leonard rubank elementary method french horn in f mellophone or e flat alto because this is doc file DOC file
toefl paper test grammar questions with answer key no short description toefl paper test grammar questions with answer key because this is pdf file PDF file
toefl paper test grammar questions with answer key no short description toefl paper test grammar questions with answer key because this is doc file DOC file
operators manual for 244 h wheelhorse no short description operators manual for 244 h wheelhorse because this is pdf file PDF file
operators manual for 244 h wheelhorse no short description operators manual for 244 h wheelhorse because this is doc file DOC file
probability questions grade 8 no short description probability questions grade 8 because this is pdf file PDF file
probability questions grade 8 no short description probability questions grade 8 because this is doc file DOC file
micros handheld manual no short description micros handheld manual because this is doc file DOC file
z750 mobile phone user guide no short description z750 mobile phone user guide because this is doc file DOC file
flinn safety contract test answers no short description flinn safety contract test answers because this is pdf file PDF file
flinn safety contract test answers no short description flinn safety contract test answers because this is doc file DOC file
2004 toyota highlander limited owners manual no short description 2004 toyota highlander limited owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
2004 toyota highlander limited owners manual no short description 2004 toyota highlander limited owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
2010 chevy chevrolet impala owners manual no short description 2010 chevy chevrolet impala owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
2010 chevy chevrolet impala owners manual no short description 2010 chevy chevrolet impala owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
dha prometric exam sample questions for pharmacist no short description dha prometric exam sample questions for pharmacist because this is pdf file PDF file
dha prometric exam sample questions for pharmacist no short description dha prometric exam sample questions for pharmacist because this is doc file DOC file
tips and traps when selling a home no short description tips and traps when selling a home because this is pdf file PDF file
tips and traps when selling a home no short description tips and traps when selling a home because this is doc file DOC file
ice by v ganesan solution manual no short description ice by v ganesan solution manual because this is pdf file PDF file
ice by v ganesan solution manual no short description ice by v ganesan solution manual because this is doc file DOC file
ford focus 08 service manual no short description ford focus 08 service manual because this is pdf file PDF file
ford focus 08 service manual no short description ford focus 08 service manual because this is doc file DOC file
historical timeline wine crawley obrien no short description historical timeline wine crawley obrien because this is pdf file PDF file
historical timeline wine crawley obrien no short description historical timeline wine crawley obrien because this is doc file DOC file
prehospital emergency care 9th edition study guide no short description prehospital emergency care 9th edition study guide because this is pdf file PDF file
prehospital emergency care 9th edition study guide no short description prehospital emergency care 9th edition study guide because this is doc file DOC file
mel bay isaac albeniz 26 pieces arranged for guitar no short description mel bay isaac albeniz 26 pieces arranged for guitar because this is pdf file PDF file
mel bay isaac albeniz 26 pieces arranged for guitar no short description mel bay isaac albeniz 26 pieces arranged for guitar because this is doc file DOC file
http kirtoo com free episodes pdf savita bhabhi episode 22 pdf no short description http kirtoo com free episodes pdf savita bhabhi episode 22 pdf because this is pdf file PDF file
http kirtoo com free episodes pdf savita bhabhi episode 22 pdf no short description http kirtoo com free episodes pdf savita bhabhi episode 22 pdf because this is doc file DOC file
mechanics of materials solution manual 8th edition no short description mechanics of materials solution manual 8th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
mechanics of materials solution manual 8th edition no short description mechanics of materials solution manual 8th edition because this is doc file DOC file
download peugeot 205 owner workshop manual haynes no short description download peugeot 205 owner workshop manual haynes because this is doc file DOC file
Left Behind Left Behind 1 by Tim LaHaye no short description Left Behind Left Behind 1 by Tim LaHaye because this is pdf file PDF file
Left Behind Left Behind 1 by Tim LaHaye no short description Left Behind Left Behind 1 by Tim LaHaye because this is doc file DOC file
repair manual for 1999 toyota rav4 no short description repair manual for 1999 toyota rav4 because this is pdf file PDF file
repair manual for 1999 toyota rav4 no short description repair manual for 1999 toyota rav4 because this is doc file DOC file
Our Daily Bread by Lauren B Davis no short description Our Daily Bread by Lauren B Davis because this is pdf file PDF file
Our Daily Bread by Lauren B Davis no short description Our Daily Bread by Lauren B Davis because this is doc file DOC file
eastern wisdom modern life collected talks 1960 1969 no short description eastern wisdom modern life collected talks 1960 1969 because this is doc file DOC file
bonding with your teen through boundaries revised edition no short description bonding with your teen through boundaries revised edition because this is pdf file PDF file
bonding with your teen through boundaries revised edition no short description bonding with your teen through boundaries revised edition because this is doc file DOC file
spotlight canada 4th canadian edition no short description spotlight canada 4th canadian edition because this is pdf file PDF file
spotlight canada 4th canadian edition no short description spotlight canada 4th canadian edition because this is doc file DOC file
lion king ecology questions with answer key no short description lion king ecology questions with answer key because this is pdf file PDF file
lion king ecology questions with answer key no short description lion king ecology questions with answer key because this is doc file DOC file
envy a survey of its psychology and history no short description envy a survey of its psychology and history because this is pdf file PDF file
envy a survey of its psychology and history no short description envy a survey of its psychology and history because this is doc file DOC file
chemistry 151 lab manual 3rd edition no short description chemistry 151 lab manual 3rd edition because this is pdf file PDF file
chemistry 151 lab manual 3rd edition no short description chemistry 151 lab manual 3rd edition because this is doc file DOC file
the worm book the complete guide to gardening and composting with worms no short description the worm book the complete guide to gardening and composting with worms because this is pdf file PDF file
the worm book the complete guide to gardening and composting with worms no short description the worm book the complete guide to gardening and composting with worms because this is doc file DOC file
june exam paper for geography grade 11 no short description june exam paper for geography grade 11 because this is pdf file PDF file
june exam paper for geography grade 11 no short description june exam paper for geography grade 11 because this is doc file DOC file
getting off track how government actions and interventions caused prolonged and worsened the financial crisis hoover institution press publication no short description getting off track how government actions and interventions caused prolonged and worsened the financial crisis hoover institution press publication because this is pdf file PDF file
getting off track how government actions and interventions caused prolonged and worsened the financial crisis hoover institution press publication no short description getting off track how government actions and interventions caused prolonged and worsened the financial crisis hoover institution press publication because this is doc file DOC file
sunday school activity on mary magdalene no short description sunday school activity on mary magdalene because this is pdf file PDF file
sunday school activity on mary magdalene no short description sunday school activity on mary magdalene because this is doc file DOC file
dialogue and drama elements of greek tragedy in the fourth gospel no short description dialogue and drama elements of greek tragedy in the fourth gospel because this is pdf file PDF file
dialogue and drama elements of greek tragedy in the fourth gospel no short description dialogue and drama elements of greek tragedy in the fourth gospel because this is doc file DOC file
new 10 x8 manual royal building products no short description new 10 x8 manual royal building products because this is pdf file PDF file
new 10 x8 manual royal building products no short description new 10 x8 manual royal building products because this is doc file DOC file
96 dodge grand caravan owners manual no short description 96 dodge grand caravan owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
96 dodge grand caravan owners manual no short description 96 dodge grand caravan owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
aer johnson and johnson owners manual no short description aer johnson and johnson owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
aer johnson and johnson owners manual no short description aer johnson and johnson owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
escape from saigon how a vietnam war orphan became an american boy no short description escape from saigon how a vietnam war orphan became an american boy because this is pdf file PDF file
escape from saigon how a vietnam war orphan became an american boy no short description escape from saigon how a vietnam war orphan became an american boy because this is doc file DOC file
the blue zones solution eating and living like the worlds healthiest people no short description the blue zones solution eating and living like the worlds healthiest people because this is pdf file PDF file
the blue zones solution eating and living like the worlds healthiest people no short description the blue zones solution eating and living like the worlds healthiest people because this is doc file DOC file
habitat the field guide to decorating no short description habitat the field guide to decorating because this is doc file DOC file
lab cheat sheet for nurses no short description lab cheat sheet for nurses because this is pdf file PDF file
lab cheat sheet for nurses no short description lab cheat sheet for nurses because this is doc file DOC file
the little scarecrow boy no short description the little scarecrow boy because this is pdf file PDF file
the little scarecrow boy no short description the little scarecrow boy because this is doc file DOC file
simple gifts lessons in living from a shaker village no short description simple gifts lessons in living from a shaker village because this is pdf file PDF file
simple gifts lessons in living from a shaker village no short description simple gifts lessons in living from a shaker village because this is doc file DOC file
look at my eyes autism spectrum disorders autism and pdd nos no short description look at my eyes autism spectrum disorders autism and pdd nos because this is pdf file PDF file
look at my eyes autism spectrum disorders autism and pdd nos no short description look at my eyes autism spectrum disorders autism and pdd nos because this is doc file DOC file
97 isuzu npr diesel engine manual no short description 97 isuzu npr diesel engine manual because this is pdf file PDF file
97 isuzu npr diesel engine manual no short description 97 isuzu npr diesel engine manual because this is doc file DOC file
a lean guide to transforming healthcare no short description a lean guide to transforming healthcare because this is pdf file PDF file
a lean guide to transforming healthcare no short description a lean guide to transforming healthcare because this is doc file DOC file
johnson 20 hp repair manual no short description johnson 20 hp repair manual because this is doc file DOC file
math in focus 5a workbook answers key no short description math in focus 5a workbook answers key because this is pdf file PDF file
math in focus 5a workbook answers key no short description math in focus 5a workbook answers key because this is doc file DOC file
cuchulainn irelands known stories nutshell no short description cuchulainn irelands known stories nutshell because this is pdf file PDF file
cuchulainn irelands known stories nutshell no short description cuchulainn irelands known stories nutshell because this is doc file DOC file
great age guide to online travel no short description great age guide to online travel because this is pdf file PDF file
great age guide to online travel no short description great age guide to online travel because this is doc file DOC file
building peace sustainable reconciliation in divided societies no short description building peace sustainable reconciliation in divided societies because this is pdf file PDF file
building peace sustainable reconciliation in divided societies no short description building peace sustainable reconciliation in divided societies because this is doc file DOC file
physiology lab manual hayden no short description physiology lab manual hayden because this is doc file DOC file
the practice of organizational diagnosis theory and methods no short description the practice of organizational diagnosis theory and methods because this is pdf file PDF file
the practice of organizational diagnosis theory and methods no short description the practice of organizational diagnosis theory and methods because this is doc file DOC file
the sword of attila total war rome no short description the sword of attila total war rome because this is doc file DOC file
arab military review training contractors no short description arab military review training contractors because this is pdf file PDF file
arab military review training contractors no short description arab military review training contractors because this is doc file DOC file
monitronics home security owners manual no short description monitronics home security owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
monitronics home security owners manual no short description monitronics home security owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
life liberty and the pursuit of happiness ten years of the claremont review of books no short description life liberty and the pursuit of happiness ten years of the claremont review of books because this is pdf file PDF file
life liberty and the pursuit of happiness ten years of the claremont review of books no short description life liberty and the pursuit of happiness ten years of the claremont review of books because this is doc file DOC file
lindsey jones study manual no short description lindsey jones study manual because this is doc file DOC file
how to survive the paleo diet beginner paleo diet recipes for weight loss and healthy living no short description how to survive the paleo diet beginner paleo diet recipes for weight loss and healthy living because this is pdf file PDF file
how to survive the paleo diet beginner paleo diet recipes for weight loss and healthy living no short description how to survive the paleo diet beginner paleo diet recipes for weight loss and healthy living because this is doc file DOC file
organic chemistry by john mcmurry solutions manual no short description organic chemistry by john mcmurry solutions manual because this is pdf file PDF file
organic chemistry by john mcmurry solutions manual no short description organic chemistry by john mcmurry solutions manual because this is doc file DOC file
fleetwood wilderness travel trailer owners manual 1983 no short description fleetwood wilderness travel trailer owners manual 1983 because this is doc file DOC file
time management time management no short description time management time management because this is pdf file PDF file
time management time management no short description time management time management because this is doc file DOC file
regression modeling strategies with applications to linear models logistic regression and survival analysis no short description regression modeling strategies with applications to linear models logistic regression and survival analysis because this is pdf file PDF file
regression modeling strategies with applications to linear models logistic regression and survival analysis no short description regression modeling strategies with applications to linear models logistic regression and survival analysis because this is doc file DOC file
computer health made easy v 1 simple tips to keep your computer virus free m osterhoudt no short description computer health made easy v 1 simple tips to keep your computer virus free m osterhoudt because this is pdf file PDF file
computer health made easy v 1 simple tips to keep your computer virus free m osterhoudt no short description computer health made easy v 1 simple tips to keep your computer virus free m osterhoudt because this is doc file DOC file
new voices in arab cinema no short description new voices in arab cinema because this is pdf file PDF file
new voices in arab cinema no short description new voices in arab cinema because this is doc file DOC file
spiritual and demonic magic from ficino to campanella magic in history no short description spiritual and demonic magic from ficino to campanella magic in history because this is pdf file PDF file
spiritual and demonic magic from ficino to campanella magic in history no short description spiritual and demonic magic from ficino to campanella magic in history because this is doc file DOC file
mel bay prayer classic guitar duo no short description mel bay prayer classic guitar duo because this is pdf file PDF file
mel bay prayer classic guitar duo no short description mel bay prayer classic guitar duo because this is doc file DOC file
shape optimization by the homogenization method applied mathematical sciences no short description shape optimization by the homogenization method applied mathematical sciences because this is pdf file PDF file
shape optimization by the homogenization method applied mathematical sciences no short description shape optimization by the homogenization method applied mathematical sciences because this is doc file DOC file
tales of alaskas bush rat governor the extraordinary autobiography of jay hammond wilderness guide and reluctant no short description tales of alaskas bush rat governor the extraordinary autobiography of jay hammond wilderness guide and reluctant because this is pdf file PDF file
tales of alaskas bush rat governor the extraordinary autobiography of jay hammond wilderness guide and reluctant no short description tales of alaskas bush rat governor the extraordinary autobiography of jay hammond wilderness guide and reluctant because this is doc file DOC file
geography june exam 2014 no short description geography june exam 2014 because this is pdf file PDF file
geography june exam 2014 no short description geography june exam 2014 because this is doc file DOC file
designs and planting for conservatories sunrooms and garden rooms no short description designs and planting for conservatories sunrooms and garden rooms because this is pdf file PDF file
designs and planting for conservatories sunrooms and garden rooms no short description designs and planting for conservatories sunrooms and garden rooms because this is doc file DOC file
speaking to teenagers how to think about create and deliver effective messages no short description speaking to teenagers how to think about create and deliver effective messages because this is pdf file PDF file
speaking to teenagers how to think about create and deliver effective messages no short description speaking to teenagers how to think about create and deliver effective messages because this is doc file DOC file
the chickasaw rancher revised edition no short description the chickasaw rancher revised edition because this is pdf file PDF file
the chickasaw rancher revised edition no short description the chickasaw rancher revised edition because this is doc file DOC file
applied fluid mechanics si version no short description applied fluid mechanics si version because this is doc file DOC file
brainpop answer keys diagramming no short description brainpop answer keys diagramming because this is pdf file PDF file
brainpop answer keys diagramming no short description brainpop answer keys diagramming because this is doc file DOC file
database systems introduction to databases and data warehouses no short description database systems introduction to databases and data warehouses because this is doc file DOC file
the mammoth book of best new horror 2004 v 15 mammoth books no short description the mammoth book of best new horror 2004 v 15 mammoth books because this is doc file DOC file
engineering satellite based navigation and timing global navigation satellite systems signals and receivers no short description engineering satellite based navigation and timing global navigation satellite systems signals and receivers because this is pdf file PDF file
engineering satellite based navigation and timing global navigation satellite systems signals and receivers no short description engineering satellite based navigation and timing global navigation satellite systems signals and receivers because this is doc file DOC file
on line repair manual for hyundai elantra no short description on line repair manual for hyundai elantra because this is pdf file PDF file
on line repair manual for hyundai elantra no short description on line repair manual for hyundai elantra because this is doc file DOC file
Hi guys my name is Disney from south Thailand I can have sex with you from a real not fake ️Girlfriend e x perience , friendly , domination, your Slave or be my slave . All
From the powerhouse roster of girls backing up Rita Ora on her newest track to Courtney Barnett slaying it on another single ahead of her newest album release, this week brought us a lot of sounds to love. Speaking of love, Charlie Puth has graced us with his adorable presence on his new album, Voicenotes. His sophomore album is proving to be a lovely compilation of sweet and sexy songs, as to be expected. With other new songs from Bastille and Childish Gambino, our soundtrack for the weekend is totally queued up. Listen to all top five our favorite tracks below.
Rita Ora recruited a triple-threat of star-studded girls to belt out a tune about exploring sexuality freedom. “Girls” touches on the idea that sexuality can be fluid and can change from time-to-time; there are no rules when it comes to who you want to kiss. Rock on, Rita (and Cardi, Bebe and Charli!).
This was one of the first singles of Puth’s sophomore album Voicenotes and we love it. The disco-influenced song gives us strong retro vibes and Puth is a true throwback to the 80s in the video. Plus, with Kehlani’s sexy vocals, the duo can’t be stopped. The song demonstrates how Puth is able to explore sounds further away from traditional pop, and we’re into it.
The revered UK band is back with their euphoric sounds and generally crowd-arousing style. “Quarter Past Midnight” is an anthemic track offering a 90s musical style. Listeners will be transported to an adrenaline-infused moment in time with singer Dan Smith, which isn’t the worst idea. Smith himself describes the sound as a song about escaping into the night to find a parallel universe. Take us with you, Bastille.
During Donald Glover’s epic Saturday Night Live hosting/performing gig, he dropped a new song and an accompanying music video under his stage name Childish Gambino. A visually stunning piece of cinematic work, the song is a politically-charged commentary on the state of America, according to Childish Gambino. The emotionally gripping track is the first since Childish Gambino’s album Awaken, My Love! and it’s clear he’s ready to push the boundaries.
The fourth single from Barnett’s upcoming album Tell Me How You Really Feel is complex and sweet, with a poetic voice and an empathetic reaction to the relationship in subject. She sings, “I know you’re doing your best. I think you’re doing just fine,” which gives us hope that it’s okay to not excel at everything, especially when it comes to relationships. We’re counting down the days until Barnett’s album drops on May 18th.
This year’s ultimate food festival featured a star-studded roster of chefs and endless foodie activities to indulge in More
The first pop-up of its kind in NYC will offer customized packaging, product mix and matching and more More
The designer and influencer unveiled her twist on the traditional Cosmo in honor of the first Designer Cocktail Series More
Try a cocktail made with unexpected ingredients off the secret menu at The Rickey at Dream Midtown More
Stylish guests ditched their phones and stepped in front of photographer Emanuele D’Angelo’s lens More
Step inside the dazzling location for music videos by Lil Wayne, Dr. Dre, Rick Ross and many more More
Lil’ Kim, Nicky Hilton, Bethenny Frankel and more gathered at SECOND for a frighteningly good time More
Since teaming up with rapper G-Eazy on his most recent single, the young artist is gearing up for ... More
Held on a three-acre area of Governors Island, this once-in-a-lifetime immersive experience was a multi-sensory adventure More
Copyrights and trademarks for the dorama, and other promotional materials are the property of their respective owners. Use of these materials are allowed under the fair use clause of the Copyright Law
“There is no religious left and religious right…There is only a moral center. And the scripture is very clear about where you have to be to be in the moral center – you have to be on the side of the poor, the working, the sick, the immigrant.”
You may not need to replace your broken, worn or ill-fitting dentures. Your Denturist will automatically determine if you are eligible for rebase, reline or repair. If repairs are an option, they can often be done that day.
Rebasing is done when denture teeth have not worn out as much as denture base material. The process will include retrofitting dentures by replacing all acrylic denture base. In this way, you are afforded a stable denture without replacing denture teeth. In most cases, this procedure can be completed same day.
This is a process that adds new base material to the denture's tissue side, resulting in proper fit. Your Denturist will take an impression within your denture. Relining affects only the fit and not the appearance of your denture. Procedures such as these are only required when tissue changes occur due to shrinkage. These can occur due to:
In most cases, a Denture Specialist can restore an existing broken or cracked denture to its original state. Repairs may be required when breakage or chipping occurs, when one or more teeth need to be added to an existing denture (due to tooth extraction), or because of wear and Tear.
Most repairs can be done the same day and usually take 1-2 hours. If your denture requires a repair, it may be indicative of underlying problems, including age of the denture, worn teeth, or poor fit. Javier Suarez DD is a professional who can best explain how to prevent denture breakage from occurring.
The Greek Pythagoras, the Philosopher and Mathematician: "God is nous and word and spirit and word incarnate from the Father."
garage turned into house garage turned into house turning garage into bedroom turning garage into bedroom changing a garage into a bedroom garage shed turned garage house plans garage turned into hous.
garage conversion into summer house turned how to turn your a room package,green garage turned into a cozy tiny home house plans conversion summer,garage conversion into tiny house summer turned to a home office design steel,garage conversion into tiny house metal turned pin by on pour,garage package turned into house conversion tiny summer dilapidated detached is now a cozy cottage guest,garage turned into pool house plans conversion tiny converted as mid century modern cottage,garage conversion into tiny house dramatic transformations to inspire and amuse package turned pool,turned garage house plans steel into bright redesign idea creating modern home office with sliding,turned garage house plans turning into living space room pool tiny,garage turned into pool house package converted sq ft tiny now metal.
A very eventful year for me. After losing my job of 28 years at Easter time, I managed to get some contract work with the South Australian Transport Department. It has been extended a few times, and currently I am there until February next year.
So this Christmas is a bit happier than last year. Amongst all my angst earlier was the Hollies concert in February. A month later Jemima and I also saw Adele, so two wonderful concerts to keep our chins up during a time of turmoil.
Ever wonder when is the best time to start your business or project or service? When is the ideal time to launch your product to the market? In this video I tell you exactly when the ideal time is – with almost no money or ressources you can do so much! Back to...
3 surprising things happiness can instantly bring you. Great things happiness can attract into your life instantly. Back to Fabienne Colas...
What to do to be unstoppable. What to do to live out loud. How to make it in what you are trying to achieve. Be unstoppable! Just do it! Couch Talk is about giving the business women of Montreal a platform to talk about their passions and inspirations. Interview...
I had a chance to sit down with the most popular Haitian Entertainer, Wyclef Jean, when he came to Montreal for a mega outdoor free concert in 2015. I asked him important questions, his answers will surpise you! #Creole Wyclef Jean a donné le coup d’envoi du...
Get info on paypal working capital maximum loan working capital shareholder loan | Get info on working capital loan businesses small business loans for bad credit uk
As you consider financing options, make sure you get the best deal overall for your business. This means you'll need to compare interest rates, repayment terms, origination costs, and whether pre-payment penalties apply. By looking at the total cost of the loan, as well as whether monthly payments are affordable, you can secure financing that works for your organization.
There are many private lenders or financial institutions that would be willing to entertain your loan application with no collateral, provided you offer some personal guarantee. You may use a cosigner, offer some asset or real estate as security or any kind of infrastructure or commodity that is worthwhile. This option is not strictly unsecured but there is the option to use various kinds of assets or commodities as personal guarantee which may work for many business owners. The interest rates of private lenders would be quite high as such loans don’t have backing of the government.
Sometimes it makes sense to tap 401(k), Individual Retirement Account or other retirement funds rather than seek a loan. But rather than just taking an early withdrawal, which may be subject to taxation, you may want to consider setting up a C corporation that will own and operate the business. Then roll over money from your self-directed retirement account into that corporation’s profit-sharing plan and direct that those funds be invested into the franchised business. But this is a risky option: If the franchise fails, your retirement fund can be wiped out. Check with a professional on possible tax implications, and consider the tradeoffs carefully.
“ApplePie Capital can accelerate the growth of franchisees because we start by spending time with the franchisee up front to assess their situation, and then identify the best financing options to reach their short and long term goals. Sometimes that will be SBA, and sometimes it will be other options that the local bank doesn’t offer. And unlike the local bank, ApplePie knows the brand metrics. We can underwrite the loan ourselves for our core product, or can educate our lender network on the brand so the franchisee doesn’t have to.”
Why start a small business? Some people want to spend more time with family, and starting a business allows them to do that. Some find it exhausting to be outside the house all day, dealing with traffic, co-workers, meetings and interruptions. Some people hate answering to a boss all the time — needing permission to schedule a dentist appointment or take the day off when they’re sick. Some people are unmotivated by the security of a regular paycheck and prefer the challenge of the direct rewards or losses that entrepreneurs see from their efforts.
The International Franchise Association maintains a directory of franchises that are approved by the SBA to receive SBA funding. Each franchisor in the directory is required to submit a Franchise Disclosure Document (FDD) with information about its company to the SBA for approval. Working with a company that is pre-approved by the SBA will expenditure the process of obtaining an SBA loan for your franchise.
An important step in forming a new business is to determine the type of business structure that you will use. There are several business structures to choose from, including sole proprietorship, partnership, corporation, limited liability company and limited liability partnership. Each has advantages and disadvantages as well as tax consequences of which you should be aware. You must decide which of these structures best suits your business objectives and needs. The Secretary of State cannot advise you on choosing a business structure. For help in making this decision, you may wish to consult a tax practitioner, accountant or attorney.
Follow – After you’ve set up your account and have a clear branding strategy in place, it’s time to start working on gaining visibility on Instagram. You should follow as many people who are relevant to your business as possible. For example, influencers, brands with complementary products and past customers. Read this blog for a guide on how to use social media influencers to promote your business.
The strength of your personal credit score has a direct correlation to the amount you are looking to borrow. The greater the amount, the more important the score will affect the decision by the lender. Because what does the credit score indicate? It shows the ability to keep an individuals finances tidy. There are extenuating circumstances, like health challenges or horrific student loan stories and some lenders may be willing to consider your personal credit challenges if you are up front and have all your documentation available backing up your story.
What You Need to Finance – Depending on what franchise you’re planning to buy, you may need to buy equipment, hire employees, purchase commercial real estate, and more. Craig Morgan, a managing attorney at Providence Law, says that some franchises, such as a car dealership, requires the purchase of commercial real estate. The things that you need to get started will affect what type of financing option is best for you.
You should specifically start your search for a lender that has experience funding franchises. Some major banks such as Bank of America, HSBC, and PNC have specific programs targeting franchisees. Smaller institutions specialize in franchising in specific industries, such as restaurant franchise funding from Oak Street Capital, and hotel funding from Access Point Financial.
We make money when you get the funding you need. Some of the loan providers on our site pay us a referral fee when customers get approved for a loan. We always try to find the best option for you, even if we don’t have a paying relationship with a lender. We also turn down offers from lenders that we feel take advantage of small-business owners. Read more about how we make money.
Negotiate the startup and operating costs: When you buy a franchise, there is a pretty long list of things that you need to buy before you can open the doors to customers. The cost for such items will be noted in the Franchise Disclosure Document. If you negotiate, the franchisor may be willing to absorb the cost of some of these items for you, like discounting your franchise fee.
If you are new to franchise ownership, be sure to do your research and due diligence about the franchise system you’re interested in. Study the Franchise Disclosure Document (required by law) and speak to other franchisees about the brand and the financing program on offer. Next, try to understand what your financial responsibilities as a franchise owner will be. This blog offers some pointers on this: Buying a Franchise – How to Determine What it’s Going to Cost You.
Despite these indicators, financing remains a problem for potential franchise owners. According to Entrepreneur magazine (January 2013), there’s still an 18 percent lending shortfall in the franchising industry. In a bid to boost franchise ownership, many franchisors are taking matters into their own hands and offering financing programs of their own. Meineke, The UPS Store, Gold’s Gym, Masasge Envy and Instant Imprints are just a few examples of franchisors now offering financing to qualifying first-time and multi-store franchise owners.
3. Office Space. Even if 52% of all small businesses are home-based, that does not mean you need to look like you work from your home. Customers looking at an office address can usually tell the difference between a professional address and a home address. Also, if you’re meeting with clients, you’ll project a more professional image if you meet in an office setting versus a home office. For this reason, consider signing up with a fractional executive office service.
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. If you are a company that conducts its business on the internet, it is important to have a terms of service agreement that limits what users can or cannot do on your website and with the information on your site. Closely related is your Privacy Policy, which sets forth what privacy protections are available to your users. The new European GDPR rules may also need to be addressed.
For most business experts and established entrepreneurs, buying an existing franchise through franchise loans presents a lot of advantages not present if you opt to start your business from scratch. Purchasing a franchise, especially a popular one, enables you to start with a large and solid client base, a crucial element during the initial stages of a business venture. Another obvious benefit is that building up the brand does not take much effort in contrast to promoting a new business name.
Equipment loans. Small businesses can buy equipment through an equipment loan. This typically requires a down payment of 20% of the purchase price of the equipment, and the loan is secured by the equipment. Interest on the loan is typically paid monthly and the principal is usually amortized over a two- to four-year period. The loans can be used to buy equipment, vehicles, and software. Loan amounts normally range from $5,000 to $500,000, and can accrue interest at either a fixed or variable rate. Equipment loans can also sometimes be structured as equipment leases.
SBA loans of five- to six-year maturities can provide short-term working capital and equipment. Real-estate loans can run for 20 years or more. About 10% of all SBA loans go to franchisees, with the size running between $250,000 and $500,000, and maximum of $2 million. Most of that money is for franchise entry fees, improvements or working capital. Borrowers must be creditworthy, typically must contribute some equity, and are expected to repay the SBA loan out of the franchise’s cash flow.
Mid Prime franchise loans are a great tool for small business owners who are unable to get bank rate working capital, but don’t want to pay exorbitant rates that a small business owner would get from a business cash advance. Alternative loans are private, non-bank loans and have much fewer credit and documentation requirements than a bank would require. Additionally, an alternative loan will fund within days, as opposed to months.
SmartBiz (see our review) is a viable online loan option for franchise owners that want the security and low-interest rates of an SBA-backed loan, but with the ease and speed of an online loan. SmartBiz is the #1 marketplace for SBA 7(a) small business loans online, offering an SBA/online loan hybrid with low interest rates and long-term repayment terms. However, this lender is only an option for established franchises — you’ll need at least 2 years’ time in business to get a working capital or debt refinancing loan, and 3 years to be eligible for a commercial real estate loan.
Some franchising companies run their own franchise financing programs that help franchisees get in the door. Program offerings and requirements vary by franchisor, with such options as limited-term loans, reduced license fees or reduced royalties, and minority stake ownership by franchisors. Some companies, like Ace Hardware, offer financing to existing franchisees to open a new store or buy out a competitor.
A lender is primarily concerned about the ability of the borrower to repay the loan. To the extent that a security interest can be given to the lender on company assets (company equipment, property, accounts receivable, etc.), the borrower should be able to increase its chances of getting a loan on favorable terms. Some lenders may insist upon the personal guarantee of the principal owner of the business. That is best avoided if possible as it puts the owner’s personal assets, and not just the business assets, at risk.
1. Strategic Plan. All of us have heard of a “back-of-the-napkin” story about how a small idea turned into a successful business—and these stories do happen. However, it is typically the basic concept that happens on the back of a napkin, not the actual plan to bring that concept to the market. The first step is to develop a well-thought-out business plan that addresses key success factors such as:
There are sources of startup money that may not be as obvious to franchisees that can be helpful. Using equity from a home loan or a 401(k) plan, can provide a kick-start to your business if conventional sources of financing are not available. However, those products may not be optimal over the long run when compared to loan products specifically geared to funding a small businesses.
If you do decide you’re going to need space, consider the number of employees you’re going to need and the equipment that will fill the space—chairs, photocopying machines, a fridge, a coffee machine, a reception area, a meeting room, and so on. Furthermore, how quickly do you expect to grow? If rapid growth is in the books, rent a space where there is room for growth and so that you don’t have to change your business address.
Repairs, improvements, and replacements. Be aware of a clause that says that at the end of the lease you must restore the premises to their original condition. Try to negotiate a clause that states the following: “The premises will be returned to the Landlord at the end of the tenancy in the same condition as at the beginning of the tenancy, excluding (1) ordinary wear and tear, (2) damage by fire and unavoidable casualty not the fault of the Tenant, and (3) alterations previously approved by the Landlord.”
Oral agreements often lead to misunderstandings. If you plan to hire a prospective employee, use a carefully drafted offer letter, which the employee should be encouraged to review carefully before signing. For senior executives, a more detailed employment agreement often makes sense. A good offer letter or employment agreement will address the following key items:
The idea here is to get clear about what’s important to you, where exactly your passion lies, and what the point of the whole venture is. As a small business owner, it’s easy to get caught up in the minutiae of paying bills, writing the website copy, changing the website copy several dozen times, filling out tax forms, and so on. Don’t lose sight of the big picture.
A franchise is a business that sell the rights to use its logo, name and model to individual entrepreneurs or a group of individuals working in partnership. Franchisees are required to make an initial upfront payment to begin the business, and are typically expected to pay ongoing royalty payments to continue to use the business’s branding and benefit from its brand-wide marketing efforts.
In addition to serving as associate chair, Eddie is a principal lecturer for the highly ranked Supply Chain Management program in the W.P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University. Eddie has taught over 30,000 students in person and millions more online via videos and digital textbooks. His digital content is used by both top-ranked universities and Fortune 500 companies around the world. He has also provided consulting services for companies in the energy, publishing, retail, technology, global health, and agriculture industries. Eddie likes to spend his spare time on a yoga mat.
The ability to communicate effectively can be critical to landing customers, inspiring employees, and pitching to investors to raise capital. Most people are not very good at public speaking and many are even afraid of it. You must strive to overcome this fear. Consider working with a public speaking or business coach to improve your public speaking skills. Some of the most recognized entrepreneurs, such as Apple founder Steve Jobs, were known for being great public speakers.
One of their loan programs is the SBA 8(a) business development program. According to their website, SBA’s 8(a) business development program is specifically dedicated to providing business assistance to entrepreneurs who are members of a socially and/or economically disadvantaged minority group who need help accessing mainstream economic capital. This program is divided into two sections and requires a nine-year commitment. The first four years are dedicated to development, and the remaining five years are a transition stage.
Are you thinking about starting a small business, freelancing, or turning a hobby into a full-time job? Or perhaps you're already running your own business and need some inspiration to take it to the next level. Each week, join small business coach Dave Crenshaw for two short lessons that reveal the secrets of running a successful small business. This series covers topics such as getting started, writing a business plan, determining your most valuable product or service, hiring people, managing processes, documenting systems, bootstrapping, seeking funding, accounting, controlling costs and profit margins, marketing, creating culture, and more.
Our course starts at the very beginning with setting up QuickBooks for your business. We cover how to record your income and expenses, how to manage bank and credit card transactions and how to run financial statements. There are a total of 39 tutorials in our QuickBooks course spanning seven lessons. Each lesson has been broken down into bite-sized tutorials. Each QuickBooks tutorial includes a video where we demonstrate the concepts presented in each lesson.
Assignment and subletting. Startup companies should negotiate enough flexibility in the assignment and subletting clause to allow for mergers, reorganizations, and share ownership changes. Watch out for a clause that says a change in more than 50% of the company’s stock ownership will be deemed an assignment that is prohibited without the landlord’s prior approval. As your company grows and new people invest in it, this clause can be inadvertently triggered.
A Rollover for Business Startups (ROBS) lets you take retirement funds from a 401(k), traditional IRA, or other eligible retirement account and invest them in your franchise, without having to pay taxes or an early withdrawal penalty. You can fund all or part of your business through a ROBS. Funds from a ROBS can be used as a down payment on larger financing, like an SBA loan, or to bridge the gap between other piecemeal loan financing options, like equipment leases, etc. Funds from a ROBS can also be used for franchise fees, consulting fees, and other costs that traditional loans often can’t be used for.
Our franchise clients have been recommended a variety of business funding programs such as merchant cash advances or short-term working capital loans. Both options can allow you to cover a massive upfront cost, increase staff, launch a local ad campaign or pay a series of coinciding bills. Since profit margins for restaurants and retailers are already on the low side, we can provide the means to make important payments ahead of schedule and lessen the blow from weekly deductions.
Also make sure you have a structured process for setting measurable objectives, reviewing your progress, and adjusting the objectives or setting new ones. A good way is to keep a simple monthly checklist of the most important items. All of this should be driven by your overall business plan (you do have a business plan, don’t you?), and you should use the data you collect to help you keep the plan constantly updated.
According to Meme Moy, a spokesperson for FRANData, about 2,000 franchises are currently on the Registry. When a franchise is on the Registry, lenders can see its historical loan performance. About 55 % of lenders only lend to franchises that are on the franchise registry, so this an important step in choosing a franchise. By choosing a franchise that is on the Registry, you can get better and faster access to SBA funding. To check if your franchise is on the Registry, click here.
There are more than 28 million small businesses in the United States, making up a whopping 99.7 percent of all U.S. businesses, according to the Small Business Administration. When you consider some of the most popular reasons to start a business, including having a unique business idea, designing a career that has the flexibility to grow with you, working toward financial independence, and investing in yourself — it's no wonder that small businesses are everywhere.
Our franchise clients have been recommended a variety of business funding programs such as merchant cash advances or short-term working capital loans. Both options can allow you to cover a massive upfront cost, increase staff, launch a local ad campaign or pay a series of coinciding bills. Since profit margins for restaurants and retailers are already on the low side, we can provide the means to make important payments ahead of schedule and lessen the blow from weekly deductions.
Get info on small business loans government uk becu small business loan rates | Get info on working capital loan from bajaj finance best options for small business loans
More Franchise Loans, More Franchise Launches, More Franchise Revenue. In today's economy many top franchises face a significant challenge: access to funding. With ample interest from entrepreneurs ready to open new locations or expand existing ones, the difficulty of accessing capital significantly slows the execution of opening such franchises, costing both the franchisee and franchisor time and money.
Using the navigation buttons on the screen, you can go directly to the information you need. You also can pause and bookmark lessons so you can review information at a later time. Best of all, you can return to lessons you didn't need when you started your business but might need now; for example, if you decide to start a retirement plan or your business has grown enough that you want to hire employees-- all the information will be here when you need it. Throughout these lessons, you'll hear from small business owners like yourself, and we hope that by watching these owners learn how to meet their federal tax obligations, you'll learn how to meet yours as well. Best wishes on your new business.
Work with the franchisor’s preferred lenders: Often times, franchisors will partner with preferred lenders that they refer you to for financing. They may also have relationships with leasing companies that can lease you essential equipment for your franchise. When possible you should look at working with these lenders, because they’re familiar with your franchise brand and business model.
You need to be prepared for a rejection of your loan, and you need to be prepared to re-work your business plan, save more money or do whatever else the loan officer suggests to secure a loan. It can be hard not to take a rejection personally, but remember that the lender is not rejecting you or your business idea–they are simply rejecting the opportunity to help you finance your business. You need to rework your business plan and/or secure more capital before you try again.
Now that you have completed our QuickBooks Online tutorials, you should be convinced that you don’t have to be a certified public accountant or have an accounting background to learn how to use QuickBooks. You should also know that QuickBooks is a much better solution than using a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet to keep track of your income and expenses.
ApplePie Capital can offer loans for borrowers that need financing in between an SBA loan and other expensive alternative loans. You must borrow a minimum of $15K to finance specific equipment, or at least $100K for any other needs. The interest varies depending on a number of factors, and Apple Pie Capital charges a one time 4.5% origination fee on all of their loans.
The franchise industry, like all businesses, was not immune to the economic crisis of 2008 and the ensuing credit crunch. But the vital signs of a recovery are there. According to the International Franchise Association (IFA), many of the country’s business sectors currently starting to show growth mirror those sectors expected to be the leading drivers of employment in franchising this year. These include food service, health care, hospitality and construction—all sectors with a high concentration of franchise businesses.
Tom's roles have included time as a writer, editor, journalist, videographer, presenter, educator, web designer, layout artist, and public relations executive. Since 2006, he's freelanced for publications and private clients including the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Apple, Nature.com, and the San Francisco Chronicle. A frequent traveler, he moved from his native US to the Netherlands in 2016. Connect with him at http://tomgeller.com.
Direct online lenders. There are a number of online lenders that make small business loans through a relatively easy online process. Reputable companies such as Swift Capital provide very fast small business cash advances, working capital loans, and short-term loans in amounts from $5,000 to $500,000. Sites such as Fundera and LendingTree offer you access to multiple lenders, acting as a lead generation service for lenders.
Offering medium-term installment loans with repayment periods as long as 5 years, Funding Circle is a lending partner for established franchisees with a strong credit history. Specifically, you’ll need to be a franchisee with a business at least two years old and have a credit score of at least 620. For qualified applicants, Funding Circle has the advantages of offering faster funding than a bank loan would, as well as offering relatively low rates and fees.
Shelton advises entrepreneurs to apply for a larger loan once they have the numbers to prove that they are growing: “What you’re hoping to get from these smaller loans is traction,” which you can use to “pitch [your story] as a growth story” when you apply for a larger traditional loan from a bank. Proving that you have experience growing your business from someone else’s money will help you convince the bank that you can do the same with their loan.
Franchises are worth considering because opening a business can be risky, especially if you don’t have prior experience juggling all the things that come with it. You’ll need to choose a name and image for your brand, make sure you have the right staff and build a full suite of products or services to meet demand. Even if you have mentors or a network of friends who are small business owners, you’ll often find that you’re struggling with important decisions.
Maybe you want to build an empire and become famous, or create a wealth-generation machine that you can pass on to your children. Or perhaps you can’t convince anyone to recognize your unique vision and you’ve decided that it will never come to fruition unless you strike out on your own. Or maybe you’re thinking of self-employment because you’ve been unemployed for so long that you feel you’ve exhausted all other options.
Your second option invokes the idea of a “warmup” period for your business. Instead of going straight into full-fledged business mode, you’ll start with just the basics. You might launch a blog and one niche service, reducing your scope, your audience and your profit, in order to get a head-start. If you can start as a self-employed individual, you'll avoid some of the biggest initial costs (and enjoy a simpler tax situation, too). A payment processing company, such as Due, can be a big help when you are struggling to invoice and follow up professionally.
If you do decide you’re going to need space, consider the number of employees you’re going to need and the equipment that will fill the space—chairs, photocopying machines, a fridge, a coffee machine, a reception area, a meeting room, and so on. Furthermore, how quickly do you expect to grow? If rapid growth is in the books, rent a space where there is room for growth and so that you don’t have to change your business address.
If you identify areas of weakness, you’ll need to make a plan for dealing with them. If you don’t have a head for figures, perhaps you could partner with someone who does. Or you could hire an accountant, or improve your own skills by checking out some of our super-simple accounting tutorials or doing other training. If you’re no good at designing websites, hire someone to do it for you.
So think about how you can diversify your own business. Think about the risks you’re subject to, the technologies you’re dependent on, and how changes in the competitive landscape could blow you off course. Then come up with ways in which you can create multiple income streams, so that if one product or service is no longer popular, others can pick up the slack.
If your bank is hesitant about a particular franchise system’s performance, or your finances aren’t as strong as they could be, you might want to consider an SBA loan. SBA doesn’t lend to business owners directly; it provides a repayment guarantee to banks and lenders for money they lend to small businesses, making it less risky for the banks. Use this search tool to find the right SBA loan for you.
Rent and rent escalations. Some landlords will give free rent for the first month or two of a lease. Fixed rent over longer-term leases is relatively rare. Sometimes landlords insist on annual increases based on the percentage increases in the Consumer Price Index (CPI). If your landlord insists on rent escalations, try to arrange for a CPI rent increase that does not kick in for at least the first two years of the term. Then, try to get a cap on the amount of each year’s increase. If you have to live with a rent escalation clause, try to negotiate a predetermined fixed increase; for example, a rent of $5,000 a month the first year that would only increase to $5,200 a month the second year and $5,400 a month the third year.
Over 99 percent of all business entities in the US are small businesses, according to The SBA Loan Book: The Complete Guide to Getting Financial Help Through the Small Business Administration. These businesses represent over half of the private workforce and the private-sector output and over 40 percent of all private commercial sales in the United States.
Ethan Co-op Lumber has been in business since 1907. Our employees care about the customer. Each and every customer is part owner in this cooperative. Money that is made here goes back to the customer in the form of dividends.
Dividends are paid on the amount of profit at the end of each year. For example, you spend $100,000 with us, and on average we have paid back 4% in dividends in the past 6 years. That means you receive a $4,000 dividend, which of 20% or $800 is paid to you by check and the remainder stays in a revolving fund until the age of 65 or deceased.
Even though we may not be the least expensive bid, you will get money back. This is not something you get everywhere. So keep this in mind when you are buying your next project, let Ethan Co-op Lumber assist you!
We went to see the movie "Walk the Line" which is the story of Johnny Cash and June Carter, which I thought was an excellent movie. Some of the historical events they briefly mentioned I concur with, saying, "Yep, that did happen about then." I suppose my only complaint is that they skipped over several time periods leaving several things unexplained - but, that had to be done, otherwise the movie would take days to view.
In the movie I was reminded that Johnny Cash sung some of Dylan's songs and some of Kris Kristofferson's songs. Which reminded me that Kris and Johnny were fellow drunks and also Kris and Janis Joplin were substance abusers buddies and were lovers and Kris was married to Rita Coolidge one time. Bob Dylan and Joan Baez were close friends. And also Johnny and Willie Nelson were friends. So, what am I getting at? Well, nothing much, but if you put all these people in one room, Johnny Cash, June Carter, Bob Dylan, Joan Baez, Kris Kristofferson, Rita Coolege, Janis Joplin, Willie Nelson, and well, lets throw Mother Maybelle Carter into the room too (assuming some of these people are brought back to life). I think, I don't know, but I think everybody in the room will personally like everybody else in the room. Now, just to make it interesting lets put in a voting booth with a curtain. Lets tell each person to go into the booth and vote yes or no to the question "Do You Agree with everything President Bush is doing as President of the United States?"
After the tally is in, we will publish the results, but not tell how the people voted. Now, lets see if their friendly terms with other will withstand the political test.
Musa fitness XLfor the first time in Dubai totally complete, active and passive no frills totally liberal, no restrictions attending to all feitiches, my pleasure is your pleasure
Clinton has joined Kami, an HIV-positive character from children’s programme Sesame Street, to send a message of tolerance ahead of World AIDS Day on December 1.
I haven’t seenÃ‚Â Bubba hug a Muppet since George Stephanopoulos’ last day of working for the Clinton administration. Check out the clumsy and failedÃ‚Â grab for the breast toward the end.
The Greek Socrates the Philosopher: "And his name will be increased and honored by all throughout the world."
I just noticed that the email address on the contact us screen is not accurate. It says, “info@faith-cademy.net”. I’m assuming it should say “info@faith-academy.net.” Also, on this screen, under this comment box it says, “You may use these HTML tags and attributes:
You are correct! Thank you for noticing so that we may rectify it. It is info@faith-academy.net. Did you have any questions that I could assist you with?
Commmunity of professionals who are exploring project management learning and certifications , we have great resources on PMP , PMI-ACP , PMI-PBA and AgileCertifications
HRH Charles's 22-Great Uncle. Lady Diana's 18-Great Grandfather. HRH Albert II's 18-Great Grandfather. Philippe of Belgium's 19-Great Grandfather. Grand Duke Henri's 19-Great Grandfather. HM Beatrix's 18-Great Grandfather.
The real estate landscape is constantly changing. Stay on top of the latest news, market trends and housing activity right here.
FULLY RENOVATED 6 bedroom, 3 bathroom home incl. your choice of 1, 2, or 3 bedroom ground level mortgage helper with private entrance, renovated kitchen & bath, new flooring, new fireplace & in-suite laundry. Upstairs features open plan living, three spacious bedrooms including master with NEW spa-inspired ensuite & walk-in closet, NEW kitchen with quartz countertops, island w/ beverage cooler and 5 burner gas range w/ double oven & pot filler. NEW lighting, paint and flooring including engineered hardwood throughout the upstairs. NEW landscaping with fenced yard and 2 storage sheds. Loads of parking including room for your RV or boat. Close to all levels of schools, parks, bus, recreation and shopping. COME READY TO BE WOWED! OPEN HOUSE Sunday, Nov. 11th from 2:00pm to 4:00pm.
Looking to upgrade? The time is NOW! Spectacular, 4 bedroom, 4 bathroom townhouse with many great detail-oriented features. Huge modern kitchen with centre island, quartz countertops, spice drawer, spacious pantry and toe-kick vacuum in kitchen. Built-in surround sound in living room and speakers in kitchen and dining areas of the main floor, great for entertaining! 3 bedrooms upstairs, including master bedroom with ensuite and walk-in closet. Additional bedroom and bathroom downstairs on ground level - perfect for guests! Family-oriented neighbourhood. Close to shopping, restaurants, bus, schools, dog park, 25 km Traboulay trail along the Coquitlam River and parks. Open House Saturday October 27th, 2pm to 4pm.
Looking to upgrade? The time is NOW! Spectacular, 4 bedroom, 4 bathroom townhouse with many great detail-oriented features! Huge, modern kitchen with centre island, quartz countertops, spice drawer, spacious pantry and toe-kick vacuum in kitchen. Built-in surround sound in living room and speakers in kitchen and dining areas of the main floor, great for entertaining! 3 bedrooms upstairs, including master bedroom with ensuite and walk-in closet. Additional bedroom and bathroom downstairs on ground level - perfect for guests! Family-oriented neighbourhood - close to shopping, restaurants, bus, schools, dog park, 25 km Traboulay trail along the Coquitlam River, and parks. Schedule a showing today! OPEN HOUSE on Sunday, October 14 from 3:00pm to 5:00pm.
Looking to upgrade? The time is NOW! Spectacular, 4 bedroom, 4 bathroom townhouse with many great detail-oriented features! Huge, modern kitchen with centre island, quartz countertops, spice drawer, spacious pantry and toe-kick vacuum in kitchen. Built-in surround sound in living room and speakers in kitchen and dining areas of the main floor, great for entertaining! 3 bedrooms upstairs, including master bedroom with ensuite and walk-in closet. Additional bedroom and bathroom downstairs on ground level - perfect for guests! Family-oriented neighbourhood - close to shopping, restaurants, bus, schools, dog park, 25 km Traboulay trail along the Coquitlam River, and parks. Schedule a showing today!
Buy nearly BRAND NEW 4 bedroom, 4 bathroom townhouse without paying GST! Fantastic, family-oriented neighbourhood. Many great detail-oriented features. Huge, modern kitchen with centre island, quartz countertops, spice drawer, spacious pantry and toe-kick vacuum in kitchen to sweep up your crumbs. Built-in surround sound in living room and speakers in kitchen and dining areas of the main floor. 3 bedrooms upstairs, including master bedroom with ensuite and walk-in closet. Additional bedroom and bathroom downstairs on ground level - perfect for guests! Rentals allowed. Close to shopping, restaurants, bus, schools, dog park, 25 km Traboulay trail along the Coquitlam River, and parks. Do nothing but move in! Open House Saturday August 4th from 2:00pm-4:00pm.
Buy nearly BRAND NEW 4 bedroom, 4 bathroom townhouse without paying GST! Fantastic, family-oriented neighbourhood. Many great detail-oriented features. Huge, modern kitchen with centre island, quartz countertops, spice drawer, spacious pantry and toe-kick vacuum in kitchen to sweep up your crumbs. Built-in surround sound in living room and speakers in kitchen and dining areas of the main floor. 3 bedrooms upstairs, including master bedroom with ensuite and walk-in closet. Additional bedroom and bathroom downstairs on ground level - perfect for guests! Rentals allowed. Close to shopping, restaurants, bus, schools, dog park, 25 km Traboulay trail along the Coquitlam River, and parks. Do nothing but move in!
Buy nearly BRAND NEW 4 bedroom, 4 bathroom townhouse without paying GST! Fantastic, family-oriented neighbourhood. Many great detail-oriented features. Huge, modern kitchen with centre island, quartz countertops, spice drawer, spacious pantry and kitchen vacuum to sweep up your crumbs. 2-channel speaker on main floor, programmed for living room and kitchen. 3 bedrooms upstairs, including master bedroom with ensuite and walk-in closet. Additional bedroom and bathroom downstairs on ground level - perfect for guests! Rentals allowed. Close to shopping, restaurants, bus, schools, 25 km Traboulay trail along the Coquitlam River, and parks. Do nothing but move in! Open House Sunday, June 24th from 2:00pm to 4:00pm
Fantastic 4 bedroom 2 bathroom house on quiet street in Port Coquitlam! On the main floor are 3 bedrooms and 4-piece bathroom. Bright, open kitchen includes centre island, newer appliances and engineered hardwood flooring. Newer washer and dryer tucked away in laundry room off kitchen. Downstairs is 1 bed 1 bath walk-out basement with its own separate entrances. Gas fireplaces in main living room and downstairs rec room. French doors open into beautiful backyard. Entertain friends and family in the well-maintained, south-facing backyard complete with covered HOT TUB, spacious covered deck, new separate patio, TWO storage sheds including 20'x20' shed and nice garden. Garage has extension for extra storage. Within walking distance to all levels of schools, shopping and Hyde Creek Recreation.
This SPACIOUS Family Home has it all. Excellent Layout, great Neighbourhood & Central Location so you can walk to Everything, Easily Suitable, Mature landscaping, PRIVATE Backyard, Patio & Porch for the Family BBQ's. BONUS: Newly RenovatedBathroom, Updated Backsplash in Kitchen, Fresh Paint, Double Pane Windows, HUGE Master Bedroom, Walk to Great Schools, Shopping, Transit, Parks, Trails, Hyde Creek Rec Centre & More! Basement has separate entrance, separate laundry & Lots of Parking! Could rent for potentially $1,200+/month. Large Storage Shed. Click Multimedia for Virtual Tour. Open house Saturday May 10th 1-4 pm. Call for a Private showing to view home on Sunday between 3-4 pm.
Extremely PRIVATE yet CENTRALLY-LOCATED updated 4 bedroom 3 bathroom home on an almost 14,000 sq/ft lot! On one side of the house is green space. Step up into the spacious living room, dining room and renovated kitchen w/ beautiful maple cabinets & crown moulding. Huge master bedroom has brand new ensuite w/ quartz countertop. Brand new main bathroom features quartz countertop & new tub. 2 other good-sized bedrooms complete main floor. Downstairs features large recreation room, 4th bedroom & large mud room w/ built-in shelving units. Features central air-conditioning. The backyard is a MUST-SEE. Includes spacious covered patio & above-ground pool. There is potential to build carriage/coach-house on property for additional income. Close to schools, shopping & short walk to Evergreen Line.
i got a Jamedia delkin 1gb that they sold me with my used og 404 at guitar center. it works but the downfall is that they charged over 60bucks for it!!!!!!!! got some sandisks online from china for 20 bucks a piece. no labels on them but they work great!!
systems theory and biology proceedings of the iii systems symposium at case institute of technology no short description systems theory and biology proceedings of the iii systems symposium at case institute of technology because this is pdf file PDF file
systems theory and biology proceedings of the iii systems symposium at case institute of technology no short description systems theory and biology proceedings of the iii systems symposium at case institute of technology because this is doc file DOC file
yesterdays blues tomorrow darryl moss no short description yesterdays blues tomorrow darryl moss because this is pdf file PDF file
yesterdays blues tomorrow darryl moss no short description yesterdays blues tomorrow darryl moss because this is doc file DOC file
cheaper to keep her part 2 the saga continues no short description cheaper to keep her part 2 the saga continues because this is pdf file PDF file
cheaper to keep her part 2 the saga continues no short description cheaper to keep her part 2 the saga continues because this is doc file DOC file
art as theology from the postmodern to the medieval cross cultural theologies no short description art as theology from the postmodern to the medieval cross cultural theologies because this is pdf file PDF file
art as theology from the postmodern to the medieval cross cultural theologies no short description art as theology from the postmodern to the medieval cross cultural theologies because this is doc file DOC file
ktm sx f 250 repair manual no short description ktm sx f 250 repair manual because this is doc file DOC file
holiday fun activity book holiday playtimes and activities to bring children and grownups together no short description holiday fun activity book holiday playtimes and activities to bring children and grownups together because this is pdf file PDF file
holiday fun activity book holiday playtimes and activities to bring children and grownups together no short description holiday fun activity book holiday playtimes and activities to bring children and grownups together because this is doc file DOC file
2013 suzuki rmz450 service manual no short description 2013 suzuki rmz450 service manual because this is pdf file PDF file
2013 suzuki rmz450 service manual no short description 2013 suzuki rmz450 service manual because this is doc file DOC file
yoga basics for men its immense benefits for men builds muscle no short description yoga basics for men its immense benefits for men builds muscle because this is pdf file PDF file
yoga basics for men its immense benefits for men builds muscle no short description yoga basics for men its immense benefits for men builds muscle because this is doc file DOC file
depression love yourself overcome happy no short description depression love yourself overcome happy because this is pdf file PDF file
depression love yourself overcome happy no short description depression love yourself overcome happy because this is doc file DOC file
literature an introduction to reading and writing 10th edition no short description literature an introduction to reading and writing 10th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
literature an introduction to reading and writing 10th edition no short description literature an introduction to reading and writing 10th edition because this is doc file DOC file
radiography essentials for limited practice workbook answers chapter 6 no short description radiography essentials for limited practice workbook answers chapter 6 because this is pdf file PDF file
radiography essentials for limited practice workbook answers chapter 6 no short description radiography essentials for limited practice workbook answers chapter 6 because this is doc file DOC file
Walking with the Wind A Memoir of the Movement by John Robert Lewis no short description Walking with the Wind A Memoir of the Movement by John Robert Lewis because this is pdf file PDF file
Walking with the Wind A Memoir of the Movement by John Robert Lewis no short description Walking with the Wind A Memoir of the Movement by John Robert Lewis because this is doc file DOC file
shop manual for jd 4200 no short description shop manual for jd 4200 because this is doc file DOC file
5th grade graduation letter from parents no short description 5th grade graduation letter from parents because this is pdf file PDF file
5th grade graduation letter from parents no short description 5th grade graduation letter from parents because this is doc file DOC file
victorian needlework techniques and designs author flora klickman nov 2011 no short description victorian needlework techniques and designs author flora klickman nov 2011 because this is pdf file PDF file
victorian needlework techniques and designs author flora klickman nov 2011 no short description victorian needlework techniques and designs author flora klickman nov 2011 because this is doc file DOC file
better feedback for better teaching a practical guide to improving classroom observations no short description better feedback for better teaching a practical guide to improving classroom observations because this is pdf file PDF file
better feedback for better teaching a practical guide to improving classroom observations no short description better feedback for better teaching a practical guide to improving classroom observations because this is doc file DOC file
writing for science and engineering papers presentations and reports no short description writing for science and engineering papers presentations and reports because this is pdf file PDF file
writing for science and engineering papers presentations and reports no short description writing for science and engineering papers presentations and reports because this is doc file DOC file
the glenstal book of icons praying with the glenstal icons no short description the glenstal book of icons praying with the glenstal icons because this is pdf file PDF file
the glenstal book of icons praying with the glenstal icons no short description the glenstal book of icons praying with the glenstal icons because this is doc file DOC file
indian bead weaving patterns chain weaving designs bead loom weaving and bead embroidery an illustrated how to no short description indian bead weaving patterns chain weaving designs bead loom weaving and bead embroidery an illustrated how to because this is pdf file PDF file
indian bead weaving patterns chain weaving designs bead loom weaving and bead embroidery an illustrated how to no short description indian bead weaving patterns chain weaving designs bead loom weaving and bead embroidery an illustrated how to because this is doc file DOC file
thank you to school volunteers no short description thank you to school volunteers because this is pdf file PDF file
thank you to school volunteers no short description thank you to school volunteers because this is doc file DOC file
crime reconstruction crime reconstruction no short description crime reconstruction crime reconstruction because this is pdf file PDF file
crime reconstruction crime reconstruction no short description crime reconstruction crime reconstruction because this is doc file DOC file
fabulous felt hats dazzling designs from handmade felt no short description fabulous felt hats dazzling designs from handmade felt because this is pdf file PDF file
fabulous felt hats dazzling designs from handmade felt no short description fabulous felt hats dazzling designs from handmade felt because this is doc file DOC file
Branded Sanctuary Nature of Desire 7 by Joey W Hill no short description Branded Sanctuary Nature of Desire 7 by Joey W Hill because this is pdf file PDF file
Branded Sanctuary Nature of Desire 7 by Joey W Hill no short description Branded Sanctuary Nature of Desire 7 by Joey W Hill because this is doc file DOC file
history paper grade 11 exemplar june 2014 no short description history paper grade 11 exemplar june 2014 because this is pdf file PDF file
history paper grade 11 exemplar june 2014 no short description history paper grade 11 exemplar june 2014 because this is doc file DOC file
lollipop logic book 3 grades k 2 no short description lollipop logic book 3 grades k 2 because this is pdf file PDF file
lollipop logic book 3 grades k 2 no short description lollipop logic book 3 grades k 2 because this is doc file DOC file
swampmen muck monsters and their makers comic book creator 2014 no short description swampmen muck monsters and their makers comic book creator 2014 because this is pdf file PDF file
swampmen muck monsters and their makers comic book creator 2014 no short description swampmen muck monsters and their makers comic book creator 2014 because this is doc file DOC file
keys to effective learning habits for college and career success 7th edition no short description keys to effective learning habits for college and career success 7th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
keys to effective learning habits for college and career success 7th edition no short description keys to effective learning habits for college and career success 7th edition because this is doc file DOC file
the punic wars the history of the conflict that destroyed carthage and made rome a global power no short description the punic wars the history of the conflict that destroyed carthage and made rome a global power because this is pdf file PDF file
the punic wars the history of the conflict that destroyed carthage and made rome a global power no short description the punic wars the history of the conflict that destroyed carthage and made rome a global power because this is doc file DOC file
family therapy review contrasting contemporary models no short description family therapy review contrasting contemporary models because this is pdf file PDF file
family therapy review contrasting contemporary models no short description family therapy review contrasting contemporary models because this is doc file DOC file
the foodist bucket list maui volume 1 no short description the foodist bucket list maui volume 1 because this is doc file DOC file
brush bandit 200 xp owners manual no short description brush bandit 200 xp owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
brush bandit 200 xp owners manual no short description brush bandit 200 xp owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
xl falcon workshop manual no short description xl falcon workshop manual because this is doc file DOC file
gcse questions and answers mathematics to a star key stage 4 gcse questions and answers series no short description gcse questions and answers mathematics to a star key stage 4 gcse questions and answers series because this is pdf file PDF file
gcse questions and answers mathematics to a star key stage 4 gcse questions and answers series no short description gcse questions and answers mathematics to a star key stage 4 gcse questions and answers series because this is doc file DOC file
de swiets medical disorders in obstetric practice no short description de swiets medical disorders in obstetric practice because this is pdf file PDF file
de swiets medical disorders in obstetric practice no short description de swiets medical disorders in obstetric practice because this is doc file DOC file
how to use an airbrush no short description how to use an airbrush because this is pdf file PDF file
how to use an airbrush no short description how to use an airbrush because this is doc file DOC file
cell growth and reproduction study guide answer no short description cell growth and reproduction study guide answer because this is pdf file PDF file
cell growth and reproduction study guide answer no short description cell growth and reproduction study guide answer because this is doc file DOC file
the christ clone trilogy book three acts of god revised and expanded no short description the christ clone trilogy book three acts of god revised and expanded because this is pdf file PDF file
the christ clone trilogy book three acts of god revised and expanded no short description the christ clone trilogy book three acts of god revised and expanded because this is doc file DOC file
new materials for next generation commercial transports publication nmab 476 no short description new materials for next generation commercial transports publication nmab 476 because this is doc file DOC file
lesbian gay and bisexual identities and youth psychological perspectives no short description lesbian gay and bisexual identities and youth psychological perspectives because this is pdf file PDF file
lesbian gay and bisexual identities and youth psychological perspectives no short description lesbian gay and bisexual identities and youth psychological perspectives because this is doc file DOC file
chinese communist party provincial leaders no short description chinese communist party provincial leaders because this is pdf file PDF file
chinese communist party provincial leaders no short description chinese communist party provincial leaders because this is doc file DOC file
boost mobile on western no short description boost mobile on western because this is pdf file PDF file
boost mobile on western no short description boost mobile on western because this is doc file DOC file
manual toyota verso car no short description manual toyota verso car because this is pdf file PDF file
manual toyota verso car no short description manual toyota verso car because this is doc file DOC file
microsoft office 2016 step by step no short description microsoft office 2016 step by step because this is pdf file PDF file
microsoft office 2016 step by step no short description microsoft office 2016 step by step because this is doc file DOC file
mathematica graphics techniques and applications no short description mathematica graphics techniques and applications because this is pdf file PDF file
mathematica graphics techniques and applications no short description mathematica graphics techniques and applications because this is doc file DOC file
chosen was uns blieb band ebook no short description chosen was uns blieb band ebook because this is pdf file PDF file
chosen was uns blieb band ebook no short description chosen was uns blieb band ebook because this is doc file DOC file
pfbc boiler operation manual no short description pfbc boiler operation manual because this is pdf file PDF file
pfbc boiler operation manual no short description pfbc boiler operation manual because this is doc file DOC file
service monitor manual no short description service monitor manual because this is pdf file PDF file
service monitor manual no short description service monitor manual because this is doc file DOC file
psychology of officiating no short description psychology of officiating because this is pdf file PDF file
psychology of officiating no short description psychology of officiating because this is doc file DOC file
millionaires seat vision place many no short description millionaires seat vision place many because this is pdf file PDF file
millionaires seat vision place many no short description millionaires seat vision place many because this is doc file DOC file
reading like a writer a guide for people who love books and for those who want to write them no short description reading like a writer a guide for people who love books and for those who want to write them because this is pdf file PDF file
reading like a writer a guide for people who love books and for those who want to write them no short description reading like a writer a guide for people who love books and for those who want to write them because this is doc file DOC file
2003 ford focus manual pdf no short description 2003 ford focus manual pdf because this is doc file DOC file
the wolf doctors mate pack rules book 7 no short description the wolf doctors mate pack rules book 7 because this is pdf file PDF file
the wolf doctors mate pack rules book 7 no short description the wolf doctors mate pack rules book 7 because this is doc file DOC file
taken by midnight the midnight breed book 8 no short description taken by midnight the midnight breed book 8 because this is pdf file PDF file
taken by midnight the midnight breed book 8 no short description taken by midnight the midnight breed book 8 because this is doc file DOC file
ducati 900 900sd darmah workshop service repair manual no short description ducati 900 900sd darmah workshop service repair manual because this is doc file DOC file
the norton book of nature writing college edition no short description the norton book of nature writing college edition because this is pdf file PDF file
the norton book of nature writing college edition no short description the norton book of nature writing college edition because this is doc file DOC file
x421 x442 x43e x43f x423 ebook no short description x421 x442 x43e x43f x423 ebook because this is doc file DOC file
programming with java john r hubbard download pdf no short description programming with java john r hubbard download pdf because this is pdf file PDF file
programming with java john r hubbard download pdf no short description programming with java john r hubbard download pdf because this is doc file DOC file
the official dictionary of unofficial english a crunk omnibus for thrillionaires and bampots for the ecozoic no short description the official dictionary of unofficial english a crunk omnibus for thrillionaires and bampots for the ecozoic because this is pdf file PDF file
the official dictionary of unofficial english a crunk omnibus for thrillionaires and bampots for the ecozoic no short description the official dictionary of unofficial english a crunk omnibus for thrillionaires and bampots for the ecozoic because this is doc file DOC file
the social origins of health and well being no short description the social origins of health and well being because this is pdf file PDF file
the social origins of health and well being no short description the social origins of health and well being because this is doc file DOC file
e study guide for the startup owners manual the step by step guide for building a great company business business cram101 textbook reviews no short description e study guide for the startup owners manual the step by step guide for building a great company business business cram101 textbook reviews because this is pdf file PDF file
e study guide for the startup owners manual the step by step guide for building a great company business business cram101 textbook reviews no short description e study guide for the startup owners manual the step by step guide for building a great company business business cram101 textbook reviews because this is doc file DOC file
exploring the rainforest science activities for kids no short description exploring the rainforest science activities for kids because this is pdf file PDF file
exploring the rainforest science activities for kids no short description exploring the rainforest science activities for kids because this is doc file DOC file
forensic pathology practical aspects of criminal forensic investigations 2nd second edition no short description forensic pathology practical aspects of criminal forensic investigations 2nd second edition because this is pdf file PDF file
forensic pathology practical aspects of criminal forensic investigations 2nd second edition no short description forensic pathology practical aspects of criminal forensic investigations 2nd second edition because this is doc file DOC file
pharmocracy how corrupt deals and misguided medical regulations are bankrupting america and what to do about it no short description pharmocracy how corrupt deals and misguided medical regulations are bankrupting america and what to do about it because this is pdf file PDF file
pharmocracy how corrupt deals and misguided medical regulations are bankrupting america and what to do about it no short description pharmocracy how corrupt deals and misguided medical regulations are bankrupting america and what to do about it because this is doc file DOC file
draw 500 awesome animals a sketchbook for artists designers and doodlers no short description draw 500 awesome animals a sketchbook for artists designers and doodlers because this is pdf file PDF file
draw 500 awesome animals a sketchbook for artists designers and doodlers no short description draw 500 awesome animals a sketchbook for artists designers and doodlers because this is doc file DOC file
design of machinery 3rd edition solution manual no short description design of machinery 3rd edition solution manual because this is pdf file PDF file
design of machinery 3rd edition solution manual no short description design of machinery 3rd edition solution manual because this is doc file DOC file
literary crosswords to keep you sharp aarp no short description literary crosswords to keep you sharp aarp because this is pdf file PDF file
literary crosswords to keep you sharp aarp no short description literary crosswords to keep you sharp aarp because this is doc file DOC file
sap business objects manual no short description sap business objects manual because this is pdf file PDF file
sap business objects manual no short description sap business objects manual because this is doc file DOC file
fifty shades of grey read page 48 no short description fifty shades of grey read page 48 because this is pdf file PDF file
fifty shades of grey read page 48 no short description fifty shades of grey read page 48 because this is doc file DOC file
principles of macroeconomics brief edition no short description principles of macroeconomics brief edition because this is doc file DOC file
Babylon Revisited and Other Stories by F Scott Fitzgerald no short description Babylon Revisited and Other Stories by F Scott Fitzgerald because this is pdf file PDF file
Babylon Revisited and Other Stories by F Scott Fitzgerald no short description Babylon Revisited and Other Stories by F Scott Fitzgerald because this is doc file DOC file
cannabis coloring book for adults stress relieving designs no short description cannabis coloring book for adults stress relieving designs because this is pdf file PDF file
cannabis coloring book for adults stress relieving designs no short description cannabis coloring book for adults stress relieving designs because this is doc file DOC file
the studio sos book solutions and techniques for the project recording studio sound on sound presents no short description the studio sos book solutions and techniques for the project recording studio sound on sound presents because this is pdf file PDF file
the studio sos book solutions and techniques for the project recording studio sound on sound presents no short description the studio sos book solutions and techniques for the project recording studio sound on sound presents because this is doc file DOC file
waste incineration and the environment rsc issues in environmental science and technology no short description waste incineration and the environment rsc issues in environmental science and technology because this is pdf file PDF file
waste incineration and the environment rsc issues in environmental science and technology no short description waste incineration and the environment rsc issues in environmental science and technology because this is doc file DOC file
guiding yogas light lessons for yoga teachers no short description guiding yogas light lessons for yoga teachers because this is pdf file PDF file
guiding yogas light lessons for yoga teachers no short description guiding yogas light lessons for yoga teachers because this is doc file DOC file
day of the dead postcards no short description day of the dead postcards because this is pdf file PDF file
day of the dead postcards no short description day of the dead postcards because this is doc file DOC file
perkins 2500 series diesel engine service manual no short description perkins 2500 series diesel engine service manual because this is pdf file PDF file
perkins 2500 series diesel engine service manual no short description perkins 2500 series diesel engine service manual because this is doc file DOC file
the glitterguru on photoshop from concept to cool suzette troche stapp no short description the glitterguru on photoshop from concept to cool suzette troche stapp because this is pdf file PDF file
the glitterguru on photoshop from concept to cool suzette troche stapp no short description the glitterguru on photoshop from concept to cool suzette troche stapp because this is doc file DOC file
ozone reaction kinetics for water and wastewater systems no short description ozone reaction kinetics for water and wastewater systems because this is pdf file PDF file
ozone reaction kinetics for water and wastewater systems no short description ozone reaction kinetics for water and wastewater systems because this is doc file DOC file
deck officer study guide 6 deck exam illustration book 2010 no short description deck officer study guide 6 deck exam illustration book 2010 because this is pdf file PDF file
deck officer study guide 6 deck exam illustration book 2010 no short description deck officer study guide 6 deck exam illustration book 2010 because this is doc file DOC file
6th grade fsa practice questions no short description 6th grade fsa practice questions because this is pdf file PDF file
6th grade fsa practice questions no short description 6th grade fsa practice questions because this is doc file DOC file
maintenance planning and scheduling book preventive maintenance management books from idcon no short description maintenance planning and scheduling book preventive maintenance management books from idcon because this is pdf file PDF file
maintenance planning and scheduling book preventive maintenance management books from idcon no short description maintenance planning and scheduling book preventive maintenance management books from idcon because this is doc file DOC file
the irrationals a story of the numbers you cant count on no short description the irrationals a story of the numbers you cant count on because this is pdf file PDF file
the irrationals a story of the numbers you cant count on no short description the irrationals a story of the numbers you cant count on because this is doc file DOC file
2005 triumph speedmaster owners manual no short description 2005 triumph speedmaster owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
2005 triumph speedmaster owners manual no short description 2005 triumph speedmaster owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
workshop repair service manual kia ceed no short description workshop repair service manual kia ceed because this is doc file DOC file
workshop on deepwater environmental studies strategy a five year follow up and planning for the future no short description workshop on deepwater environmental studies strategy a five year follow up and planning for the future because this is pdf file PDF file
workshop on deepwater environmental studies strategy a five year follow up and planning for the future no short description workshop on deepwater environmental studies strategy a five year follow up and planning for the future because this is doc file DOC file
foundations of security what every programmer needs to know experts voice no short description foundations of security what every programmer needs to know experts voice because this is pdf file PDF file
foundations of security what every programmer needs to know experts voice no short description foundations of security what every programmer needs to know experts voice because this is doc file DOC file
the heat is on the climate crisis the cover up the prescription no short description the heat is on the climate crisis the cover up the prescription because this is pdf file PDF file
the heat is on the climate crisis the cover up the prescription no short description the heat is on the climate crisis the cover up the prescription because this is doc file DOC file
romeo and juliet answers no short description romeo and juliet answers because this is pdf file PDF file
romeo and juliet answers no short description romeo and juliet answers because this is doc file DOC file
gentlemens sons guards in the peninsula and at waterloo 1808 15 no short description gentlemens sons guards in the peninsula and at waterloo 1808 15 because this is pdf file PDF file
gentlemens sons guards in the peninsula and at waterloo 1808 15 no short description gentlemens sons guards in the peninsula and at waterloo 1808 15 because this is doc file DOC file
inches to decimal chart no short description inches to decimal chart because this is pdf file PDF file
inches to decimal chart no short description inches to decimal chart because this is doc file DOC file
electrical machinery and transformers solutions manual no short description electrical machinery and transformers solutions manual because this is doc file DOC file
the decision loom a design for interactive decision making in organizations no short description the decision loom a design for interactive decision making in organizations because this is pdf file PDF file
the decision loom a design for interactive decision making in organizations no short description the decision loom a design for interactive decision making in organizations because this is doc file DOC file
biology study guide for plant structure no short description biology study guide for plant structure because this is pdf file PDF file
biology study guide for plant structure no short description biology study guide for plant structure because this is doc file DOC file
marxism cultural studies and sport routledge critical studies in sport no short description marxism cultural studies and sport routledge critical studies in sport because this is doc file DOC file
manual of primavera p6 advanced resource management no short description manual of primavera p6 advanced resource management because this is doc file DOC file
dashenka or the life of a puppy no short description dashenka or the life of a puppy because this is doc file DOC file
the lost road and other writings language and legend before the lord of lesson plans no short description the lost road and other writings language and legend before the lord of lesson plans because this is pdf file PDF file
the lost road and other writings language and legend before the lord of lesson plans no short description the lost road and other writings language and legend before the lord of lesson plans because this is doc file DOC file
rainy pass to fraser river cascade alpine guide climbing and high routes no short description rainy pass to fraser river cascade alpine guide climbing and high routes because this is pdf file PDF file
rainy pass to fraser river cascade alpine guide climbing and high routes no short description rainy pass to fraser river cascade alpine guide climbing and high routes because this is doc file DOC file
aspects of western civilization problems and sources in history volume ii no short description aspects of western civilization problems and sources in history volume ii because this is pdf file PDF file
aspects of western civilization problems and sources in history volume ii no short description aspects of western civilization problems and sources in history volume ii because this is doc file DOC file
modality and tense philosophical papers no short description modality and tense philosophical papers because this is pdf file PDF file
modality and tense philosophical papers no short description modality and tense philosophical papers because this is doc file DOC file
graduation maya angelou no short description graduation maya angelou because this is pdf file PDF file
graduation maya angelou no short description graduation maya angelou because this is doc file DOC file
john deere l118 limited edition manual no short description john deere l118 limited edition manual because this is doc file DOC file
grains in my sandbox a collection of poems too personal to publish volume 1 no short description grains in my sandbox a collection of poems too personal to publish volume 1 because this is pdf file PDF file
grains in my sandbox a collection of poems too personal to publish volume 1 no short description grains in my sandbox a collection of poems too personal to publish volume 1 because this is doc file DOC file
fourth of july prayers no short description fourth of july prayers because this is pdf file PDF file
fourth of july prayers no short description fourth of july prayers because this is doc file DOC file
asv pt30 rubber track loader service repair manual no short description asv pt30 rubber track loader service repair manual because this is doc file DOC file
the finite element method using matlab mechanical and aerospace engineering series no short description the finite element method using matlab mechanical and aerospace engineering series because this is pdf file PDF file
the finite element method using matlab mechanical and aerospace engineering series no short description the finite element method using matlab mechanical and aerospace engineering series because this is doc file DOC file
aisi 13th edition steel manual no short description aisi 13th edition steel manual because this is doc file DOC file
slot canyon hikes adventures 2nd edition no short description slot canyon hikes adventures 2nd edition because this is pdf file PDF file
slot canyon hikes adventures 2nd edition no short description slot canyon hikes adventures 2nd edition because this is doc file DOC file
goods and services lesson plan no short description goods and services lesson plan because this is pdf file PDF file
goods and services lesson plan no short description goods and services lesson plan because this is doc file DOC file
born in the briar patch 2 no short description born in the briar patch 2 because this is pdf file PDF file
born in the briar patch 2 no short description born in the briar patch 2 because this is doc file DOC file
unit 19 p5 health and social care no short description unit 19 p5 health and social care because this is pdf file PDF file
unit 19 p5 health and social care no short description unit 19 p5 health and social care because this is doc file DOC file
rccg suday school manual no short description rccg suday school manual because this is pdf file PDF file
rccg suday school manual no short description rccg suday school manual because this is doc file DOC file
dk eyewitness books natural disasters no short description dk eyewitness books natural disasters because this is pdf file PDF file
dk eyewitness books natural disasters no short description dk eyewitness books natural disasters because this is doc file DOC file
The Soul of Rumi A New Collection of Ecstatic Poems by Rumi no short description The Soul of Rumi A New Collection of Ecstatic Poems by Rumi because this is pdf file PDF file
The Soul of Rumi A New Collection of Ecstatic Poems by Rumi no short description The Soul of Rumi A New Collection of Ecstatic Poems by Rumi because this is doc file DOC file
irish water spaniel training guide no short description irish water spaniel training guide because this is pdf file PDF file
irish water spaniel training guide no short description irish water spaniel training guide because this is doc file DOC file
amazon prime yearly membership fee no short description amazon prime yearly membership fee because this is pdf file PDF file
amazon prime yearly membership fee no short description amazon prime yearly membership fee because this is doc file DOC file
how to identify a ford manual transmission no short description how to identify a ford manual transmission because this is doc file DOC file
encyclopedia of play in todays society no short description encyclopedia of play in todays society because this is pdf file PDF file
encyclopedia of play in todays society no short description encyclopedia of play in todays society because this is doc file DOC file
potters wheel classic reprint no short description potters wheel classic reprint because this is doc file DOC file
american sniper when on dvd no short description american sniper when on dvd because this is doc file DOC file
farm animal metabolism and nutrition no short description farm animal metabolism and nutrition because this is pdf file PDF file
farm animal metabolism and nutrition no short description farm animal metabolism and nutrition because this is doc file DOC file
study guide answers for muscular system no short description study guide answers for muscular system because this is pdf file PDF file
study guide answers for muscular system no short description study guide answers for muscular system because this is doc file DOC file
boomers guide to dating again no short description boomers guide to dating again because this is pdf file PDF file
boomers guide to dating again no short description boomers guide to dating again because this is doc file DOC file
2015 price and labor guide no short description 2015 price and labor guide because this is pdf file PDF file
2015 price and labor guide no short description 2015 price and labor guide because this is doc file DOC file
Lovely Vicious Lovely Vicious 1 by Sara Wolf no short description Lovely Vicious Lovely Vicious 1 by Sara Wolf because this is pdf file PDF file
Lovely Vicious Lovely Vicious 1 by Sara Wolf no short description Lovely Vicious Lovely Vicious 1 by Sara Wolf because this is doc file DOC file
read online books for free without downloading no short description read online books for free without downloading because this is pdf file PDF file
read online books for free without downloading no short description read online books for free without downloading because this is doc file DOC file
no one gets out alive a novel no short description no one gets out alive a novel because this is pdf file PDF file
no one gets out alive a novel no short description no one gets out alive a novel because this is doc file DOC file
something like this before. So nice to discover another person with some original thoughts on this topic.
Atelectasis is the collapse of one or more sections, or lobes, of the lungs. When you breathe in, the lungs normally expand to fill with air. With atelectasis, a blockage in or pressure in the area around the lung (pleura) keeps the lung from expanding.
Atelectasis is caused by a blocked airway, or from pressure from outside the lung. Some causes include:
Treating the underlying cause often allows the lung to re-expand. Pneumonia (a serious lung infection) often occurs when the lung collapses. In order to help the lung tissue re-expand and prevent pneumonia, the following treatments may be prescribed:
Chest percussion to loosen mucus and help prevent pneumonia. It involves clapping on the chest with a cupped hand.
Postural drainage to help drain mucus from the lungs. It requires lying in certain positions for a given amount of time.
Deep breathing exercises to help expand the lungs and clear mucus. They also help prevent pneumonia.
Special Orders: If you would like us to help you create a custom product of your own choosing, please contact orders@wildalphabet.com.
All posters are unframed, printed on art paper with archival inks, fit into a standard 18" x 24" frame (not included), and packaged in a clear sleeve. All posters ship rolled, in a USPS mailing tube.
All Wild Alphabet photographs are taken by Jann Kalscheur and Lynne Diebel. Since 1988, they've been alphabet hunting in Wisconsin, Michigan, Minnesota, Ontario and occasionally Texas. All images are just as they found them in nature, no manipulation or editing allowed. In 2003, Trails Books published their book ABCs Naturally, featured in the September 2007 issue of Ranger Rick magazine. And since 2010, they've been framing their art at summer art fairs in Wisconsin.
Yes, we frame up to 15 letters in the 2"x3" image size as Special Orders. Please contact us at 608.220.8716 or orders@wildalphabet.com.
Our standard size is 2"x3". We also frame from 3-9 letters in the 4"x6" image size as Special Orders. Please contact us at 608.220.8716 or orders@wildalphabet.com.
We ship by UPS or USPS priority insured mail, depending on your location. Standard orders to locations in the US take less than a week to arrive. Special Orders take 2-3 weeks to arrive.
All images appearing on the Wild Alphabet web site are the exclusive property of Diebel & Kalscheur and are protected under the United States and International Copyright laws. The images may not be reproduced, copied, transmitted or manipulated without the written permission of Diebel & Kalscheur. Use of any image as the basis for another photographic concept or illustration (digital, artist rendering or the like) is a violation of the United States and International Copyright laws. All images are copyrighted © 2001 - 2013 Diebel & Kalscheur.
At the Intersection of Wilderness, Fire and Climate Change: Challenges and Opportunities in Wilderness Stewardship
The Society is a community of practice consisting of members who want to contribute to the preservation of wilderness. Effective wilderness stewardship requires professionalism and the Society is the only organization working exclusively to advance the professional practice of wilderness stewardship. If you care about wilderness stewardship, it is important that you help build and support an organization that will work to ensure that wilderness professionals have the knowledge, skills, and support they need. The Society is striving to build a large membership base in order to have a credible voice and be effective advocates for wilderness stewardship, as well as the funds and donated time that come from membership. Together, we are creating and growing a Society devoted to, finally, professionalizing wilderness stewardship!
Please take some time as you visit our site to meet our esteemed board members, to gain insight through the articles, our working committees and information found on the site, to share your comments on our blogs and to explore our working committees. We believe you will find a home in our community and ask you to join us and the Society in professionalizing wilderness stewardship.
The Society for Wilderness Stewardship is a registered not-for-profit organization under Section 501(c)3 of the US Internal Revenue code, and all membership dues and contributions are fully tax-deductible.
Our mission is to promote excellence in the professional practice of wilderness stewardship, science, and education to ensure the life-sustaining benefits of wilderness.
Our vision is that stewards of the National Wilderness Preservation System have the professional abilities and resources to ensure that the values and benefits of wilderness are understood, treasured, and preserved by all people.
Professionalize the discipline of wilderness management and stewardship through career development and networking.
Improve the practice of wilderness stewardship by fostering development, delivery, and application of state-of-the-art science and best management practices.
Build the capacity of agencies, organizations, and volunteers to support the National Wilderness Preservation System through collaboration and partnerships.
Increase the resources needed to ensure an enduring resource of wilderness for present and future generations.
Engage the next generation of wilderness stewards by supporting the expansion of educational, experiential, and professional development opportunities.
Harness the expertise of current and emeritus professionals by engaging them as resource advisors, teachers, and trainers, and applying their knowledge to wilderness management gaps and opportunities.
The Society for Wilderness Stewardship is a non-profit, charitable organization under the 501 (c)(3) section of the Internal Revenue Code.
Order yourself a latte, and a pastry (The virtual cinnamon buns are excellent today). And have a nice chat.
Bless these pooches! They try hard and still fail. Luckily my cats were always okay with stairs, in fact racing up and down them was their favourite game!
These oversized artful pieces are made from Sunbrella yarns or Sundure polyester fabric with plump polyester inserts; they are weather resistant, fade resistant, and dry quickly. The heavy-duty covers zip off for easy laundering if needed. Their beauty and durability makes them the perfect pillows to adorn garden benches, love seats, hammocks, and swings.
Give your patio a makeover coordinating a group of our outdoor pillows with our beautiful and durable outdoor rugs. Enjoy!
Click on an image of a pillow in the table below to see a larger view, to see details of its size and price, and to add it to your shopping cart.
Often, when we think of needles, we think of those used for injections or blood tests. Acupuncture needles bear little resemblance to these, mainly because they are solid (not hollow) and are very much finer (and therefore less painful). However, they do have one very important feature in common in that they are sterile and designed for single use. Needles may be inserted and immediately removed or may be left in place for up to 30 minutes, depending on the effect required.
Other forms of treatment alongside acupuncture needles. One such treatment is "moxibustion" or "moxa". In this treatment dried ground leaves, usually of the species Mugwort (artemis vulgaris in latin) are used either directly on the skin or just above the skin over specific acupuncture points or meridians. The herb is lit and as it smoulders slowly heat permeates into the body and affects the flow of Qi and Blood in the area being treated.
Gua Sha is a cleansing technique used by many practitioners of traditional medicines. The technique dates back around 3000 years and involves the methodical application of pressure and stimulation of the skin using a round edged instrument. Traditionally a china spoon or a simple coin was used but today the preferred instrument is a small scraper that is used with oil to aid application.
The scraping effect of the skin results in the appearance of small red or purple spots referred to as "sha". The colour and degree of spots is indicative of a reaction. The skin is not damaged in any way and the redness fades in a few days.
This technique works by creating a vacuum in small glass cups that are placed over specific acupuncture points or meridians. The vacuum holds the cups in place and in turn helps promote the flow of Qi and Blood where stagnation is causing pain or discomfort. Cupping is also very useful as a treatment for colds or flu and can promote a much faster recovery.
Full day of parasailing or riding wave runners and need to get out of the sun. We got you covered with a place to sit, umbrella shade from the sun, and you can order a drink from the bar. We offer daily Beach Chair and Umbrella rentals so you can enjoy the beautiful breeze coming off the Gulf or just have fun people watching. Lani Kai Resort is the only resort on Fort Myers Beach that is licensed to serve you your favorite alcohol beverage chair side
The mission of Wind and Water Sports is to assist the experience of water sports in the safest and most thrilling way possible, with terrific and impressive rides as well as the best equipment with the safest record in Fort Myers Beach!
Winding Willow Acupuncture & Wellness is Southeast Portland’s neighborhood collective of independent healing arts practitioners. Services include Acupuncture, Herbal Consults, Massage Therapy, Intuitive Therapy, Reiki...and much more. Our Professionals utilize their unique experience and compassion to listen to your health and wellness needs, design a treatment plan to suit your individual goals, and offer gentle and effective techniques to restore your health to its optimal state of balance.
Here at Winding Willow Acupuncture we would like to help you unwind from the stresses of everyday life. We believe that health & well-being are crucial components of a happy life. Often pressures of daily life mean that time is short and our health & well-being are often neglected or even taken for granted. We are dedicated to help you eliminate pain and improve overall health using acupuncture, herbal medicine, and massage.
Our aim is to help you address your health concerns with methods that are gentle, thorough and effective, so you can feel your best.
Built in 1857. The windmill known as tas-Salib, was built by the Gafa` family, and knows its name to the village cross situated just to the south west of the same windmill. Also in Tas Salib there is a little stone mill in a garden. Emanuel Camalleri was once an owner, just as his father. The mill is lived in by the family of Paul Sammut. In use with wind till 1930 .After that with an till 1938. Dismantled about 1945. Until the late 1980s it was almost detached. The tower has 60 steps. There are parts of the machinery. It is the only mill built with two floors ( aground floor and first floor in the square base). The ground floor was used for storage purposes, whilst the first floor was used as living quarters. The last miller was George Sammut the grandfather of Paul Sammut and the father of Emanuel Sammut.
Any mention of illegal streaming sites, addons or any pirated material will not be tolerated. This is not democracy and any offenders will be banned and posts deleted immediately without warning.
Other than that, we hope you enjoy MrMC so far and we welcome any input and feedback you might have.
RICHMOND — Mildred New Hathaway, 74, of 2513 Eagles View Court, Richmond, and formerly of Danville, died Friday, January 23, 2009 at Henrico Doctors Hospital in Richmond. Born in Georgia on September 09, 1934, she was the daughter of the late Roy Johnson and Lila Frances Almond Johnson. She was married to William “Bill” Hathaway, who survives her of the residence.
She was a graduate of Schoolfield High School and Averett College. She had worked as a registered nurse at Danville Regional Medical Center before retiring in 1998. She had a decline in health for the past four months. She was of the Baptist faith.
In addition to her husband, she is survived by one daughter, Katheryne Terry and her husband, Dave Terry, of Richmond, and one sister, Marie Cook, of Chatham; also, three grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. In addition to her parents, she was predeceased by one daughter, Peni Ray.
Graveside services for Mrs. Hathaway will be held Monday, January 26, 2009 at 2:00 p.m. at Mountain View Cemetery with the Rev. Tim Kyser officiating. The family will receive friends Sunday, January 25, 2009 from 7:00 to 8:30 p.m. at Swicegood Funeral Home. The family respectfully requests in lieu of flowers, donations be made to the Danville Life Saving Crew, 202 Christopher Lane, Danville, VA, 24541.
cette video de lesbienne nomée " dilatation de chatte entre lesbiennes " propose une belle partie de cul entre gouines et chaudasses du sexe entre femmes qui aimes les femmes
Each pound is 3,500 calories, so that s about 1 pound a month, or a little more than 100 calories per day.
That may not sound like much, but it adds up to about 12 pounds each year. Since the average person gains a few pounds per year after age 20, losing 12 pounds a year is actually pretty great. How Much Green Tea Should You Drink. The amount of beneficial compounds in green tea can vary, depending on the tea.
My exquisite caresses will help you to fully relax and hot sex give an unforgettable experience of relaxation. I am 100% real and very hospitable escort, inviting you into my
Assemblyman Dov Hikind (D-Brooklyn) has nothing but the highest praise for New York’s Finest and was delighted by yesterday’s arrest in connection with the attack of a 56-year-old woman at the F train station ON 18th Avenue in Borough Park. But Assemblyman Hikind is very concerned about what appears to be a delay in the process and is asking why the video footage of the mugging was not released earlier.
“We spent more than $1 million to protect our community and the people who come here by installing video surveillance cameras,” said Hikind, who put 120 security cameras in the nine stations in his district. Boro Park’s N train, D train and F train stops are blanketed by cameras designed to give police an added advantage and deter crime. The Assemblyman has contacted NYPD Transit Chief Joe Fox to ask why there was a delay in utilizing this equipment.
“There have been nearly 4,000 robberies in New York City this year but apprehending criminals and terrorists is much easier when video is available. That’s why it’s concerning that this crime in our community took place on March 9th but the video was not made public until April 2nd. What happened during the three weeks prior?”
An arrest was made just two days after the video was released. If public circulation of videos and photos of crime suspects are valuable to investigations, why delay the release of this video?
Assemblyman Hikind also noted that the toll booth at the F train station on 18th Avenue, where the recent crime occurred, is supposed to be manned 24 hours/day, and that two security monitors face the booth, in full view of the booth’s clerk. “At 2:40 a.m., when the crime was reported to have occurred, it’s unlikely that many Metro cards were being sold,” said Hikind. “So what was the clerk doing? How could they have missed this event?”
In 2005, Assemblyman Hikind secured funding for Boro Park’s closed-circuit TVs and followed through with their installation along three train lines:
D train stations at Fort Hamilton Parkway & New Utrecht Avenue, 50th Street & New Utrecht Avenue, and 55th Street & New Utrecht Avenue
F train stations at Ditmas Avenue & McDonald Avenue, 18th Avenue & McDonald Avenue, Avenue I & McDonald Avenue, and Avenue N & McDonald Avenue
Last year, the Assemblyman also announced another wave of cutting-edge security cameras for his community. The Leiby Kletzky Security Initiative, which is still in the planning stages, will blanket Boro Park and Midwood in an effort to prevent street crime, vandalism, terrorism and kidnapping.
In 2005, Assemblyman Hikind had 120 state-of-the-art surveillance cameras installed in nine Boro Park subway stations.
Two security monitors face the 18th Ave. train station toll booth, in full view of the booth’s clerk.
The administrator of this site (DownArchive.me) cannot be held responsible for what its users post, or any other actions of its users.
The Straitline AMP stems are designed to be light-weight yet rugged enough for the most demanding freeride applications.
Here you can "ringtone White Owl Song native american" download for free to all Smartphone. Ringtone has mp3 format. Before downloading the ringtone White Owl Song native american listen to it online. Created and offered to you, users of our site.
7 Dictionaries, 8 Thesauruses and 8 Conjugation in one product! Portuguese , German, Spanish, Italian, French, English, Dutch and Swedish.
7 Dictionaries, 8 Thesauruses and 8 Conjugation in one product! Source language Portuguese with foreign languages German, Spanish, Italian, French, English, Dutch and Swedish. Each language combination contains two directions of translation. Over 600.000 entries per language combination. Thesauruses: German (280,000 entries), English (200,000 entries), Spanish (230,000 entries), Italian (190,000 entries), French (150,000 entries), Portuguese (50,000 entries), Dutch (180,000 entries) and Swedish (210,000 entries). Conjugation: German (950,000 conjugated forms), English (500,000 conjugated forms), Spanish (1,000,000 conjugated forms), Italian (530,000 conjugated forms), French (600,000 conjugated forms), Portuguese (1,000,000 conjugated forms), Dutch (600,000 conjugated forms) and Swedish (500,000 conjugated forms). Also available for Windows, PocketPC & WindowsMobile and PalmOS!
The Greek Apollon, the Philosopher: "I speak of one God exalted in three, who created heaven and earth, God ever was and is and will be, neither changed, nor ceasing."
caterpillar repair manual c 12 engine no short description caterpillar repair manual c 12 engine because this is doc file DOC file
a man without breath a bernie gunther novel no short description a man without breath a bernie gunther novel because this is pdf file PDF file
a man without breath a bernie gunther novel no short description a man without breath a bernie gunther novel because this is doc file DOC file
schooling students placed at risk research policy and practice in the education of poor and minority adolescents no short description schooling students placed at risk research policy and practice in the education of poor and minority adolescents because this is pdf file PDF file
schooling students placed at risk research policy and practice in the education of poor and minority adolescents no short description schooling students placed at risk research policy and practice in the education of poor and minority adolescents because this is doc file DOC file
Food of the Gods The Search for the Original Tree of Knowledge by Terence McKenna no short description Food of the Gods The Search for the Original Tree of Knowledge by Terence McKenna because this is pdf file PDF file
Food of the Gods The Search for the Original Tree of Knowledge by Terence McKenna no short description Food of the Gods The Search for the Original Tree of Knowledge by Terence McKenna because this is doc file DOC file
make this life size model skeleton cut out model series no short description make this life size model skeleton cut out model series because this is pdf file PDF file
make this life size model skeleton cut out model series no short description make this life size model skeleton cut out model series because this is doc file DOC file
the 12th royal lancers in france august 17th 1914 november 11th 1918 no short description the 12th royal lancers in france august 17th 1914 november 11th 1918 because this is pdf file PDF file
the 12th royal lancers in france august 17th 1914 november 11th 1918 no short description the 12th royal lancers in france august 17th 1914 november 11th 1918 because this is doc file DOC file
historys people personalities and the past cbc massey lectures no short description historys people personalities and the past cbc massey lectures because this is pdf file PDF file
historys people personalities and the past cbc massey lectures no short description historys people personalities and the past cbc massey lectures because this is doc file DOC file
rational cpc 102 manual no short description rational cpc 102 manual because this is pdf file PDF file
rational cpc 102 manual no short description rational cpc 102 manual because this is doc file DOC file
manual for revolutionary leaders no short description manual for revolutionary leaders because this is pdf file PDF file
manual for revolutionary leaders no short description manual for revolutionary leaders because this is doc file DOC file
my first pictures of jesus no short description my first pictures of jesus because this is pdf file PDF file
my first pictures of jesus no short description my first pictures of jesus because this is doc file DOC file
goose hunting improving your skills no short description goose hunting improving your skills because this is pdf file PDF file
goose hunting improving your skills no short description goose hunting improving your skills because this is doc file DOC file
mindfulness the alchemy of now no short description mindfulness the alchemy of now because this is pdf file PDF file
mindfulness the alchemy of now no short description mindfulness the alchemy of now because this is doc file DOC file
exmark metro 36 engine manual no short description exmark metro 36 engine manual because this is doc file DOC file
the haunted monastery and the chinese maze murders no short description the haunted monastery and the chinese maze murders because this is pdf file PDF file
the haunted monastery and the chinese maze murders no short description the haunted monastery and the chinese maze murders because this is doc file DOC file
nifty lift service manual hr 21 no short description nifty lift service manual hr 21 because this is doc file DOC file
Whose Body Lord Peter Wimsey Mysteries 1 by Dorothy L Sayers no short description Whose Body Lord Peter Wimsey Mysteries 1 by Dorothy L Sayers because this is pdf file PDF file
Whose Body Lord Peter Wimsey Mysteries 1 by Dorothy L Sayers no short description Whose Body Lord Peter Wimsey Mysteries 1 by Dorothy L Sayers because this is doc file DOC file
magazine n photo 1 january 2015 uk online read view download pdf free no short description magazine n photo 1 january 2015 uk online read view download pdf free because this is pdf file PDF file
magazine n photo 1 january 2015 uk online read view download pdf free no short description magazine n photo 1 january 2015 uk online read view download pdf free because this is doc file DOC file
a wry views a wry views no short description a wry views a wry views because this is pdf file PDF file
a wry views a wry views no short description a wry views a wry views because this is doc file DOC file
study guide with student solution manual for aufmannbarkernations college algebra and trigonometry 7th paperback july 19 2010 no short description study guide with student solution manual for aufmannbarkernations college algebra and trigonometry 7th paperback july 19 2010 because this is pdf file PDF file
study guide with student solution manual for aufmannbarkernations college algebra and trigonometry 7th paperback july 19 2010 no short description study guide with student solution manual for aufmannbarkernations college algebra and trigonometry 7th paperback july 19 2010 because this is doc file DOC file
how your house works a visual guide to understanding and maintaining your home no short description how your house works a visual guide to understanding and maintaining your home because this is pdf file PDF file
how your house works a visual guide to understanding and maintaining your home no short description how your house works a visual guide to understanding and maintaining your home because this is doc file DOC file
operating system concepts 6th edition no short description operating system concepts 6th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
operating system concepts 6th edition no short description operating system concepts 6th edition because this is doc file DOC file
police officer interview questions answers no short description police officer interview questions answers because this is pdf file PDF file
police officer interview questions answers no short description police officer interview questions answers because this is doc file DOC file
mitsubishi triton owners manual no short description mitsubishi triton owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
Wing Wings brings you chicken wings like you haven’t had before- fresh, California free range chickens bring full flavor with unique, homemade sauces such as Wing Wing, Angry Korean, Orange Miso and more. But we’re not just wings- try our Brown Sugar Black Pepper biscuits, Gravy Fries or Chicken Salad Sandwich on a Biscuit!
Wires & Fabriks works only with world - class Principals having advanced R & D facilities focussing on:
• Pilot Deinking Plant for development of new deinking products and to optimize performance of existing chemical programs.
Looking for a reliable, good internet provider in rural Florida? Exede WildBlue satellite internet is the service provider you need to get the best internet access in your rural Atlantic Bch home or business. If you don't have access to DSL or cable internet in your area, you probably think you're unlucky. Well, your luck has changed. Don't look any further for a rural high speed Internet option, because Exede offers a lot of different options and deals that other ISPs in Atlantic Bch, FLcan't match!
Exede WildBlue Satellite Internet in Atlantic Bch FL offers you the best rural internet services available on the market today anywhere in the United States. What's so good about Exede satellite internet in Atlantic Bch, you ask? For one thing, a big selling point is that, unlike most satellite internet providers, ViaSat's Exede Wildblue rural internet service truly exceeds expectations. (That's where they got the name Exede.) Unlike some satellite internet providers who claim you'll get one speed but end up offering you one that's way slower, Exede has been making waves in the internet service industry for offering high speed internet that is actually faster than what they said they'd give you! Sounds like a pretty good ISP to get home internet service with in Atlantic Bch, FL, right?
Even if you live or work in the outskirts of Atlantic Bch, with Exede you can enjoy super fast internet service and leave 56K dial-up internet service in the past where it belongs! At last, the rural cities, towns and counties outside of FL's small town of Atlantic Bch have a fast, reliable and all around good internet connection option! If you want to learn more about high speed internet service in Atlantic Bch from Wild Blue and Exede, call us now at 1-866-615-7262 and ask questions about plans and always low prices in your zip code. One of our wireless satellite internet experts will happily answer your questions and help you discover everything you want to know about rural internet choices in Atlantic Bch!
New Exede clients in Atlantic Bch can enjoy standard installation free of cost for a limited time in FL. Not only is your installation free, but with Exede satellite internet from Wildblue you can actually get free unlimited internet every night in Atlantic Bch! How does it work? No matter when service plan you sign up for, you can take advantage of Exede's FREE ZONE that runs from 12AM to 5AM daily. Stop stressing over your data caps and worrying about going over your limits for a few hours every evening. Stay up late and reap the benefits of Exede internet in Atlantic Bch, Florida!
Exede is definitely a good internet provider in Atlantic Bch, Florida, but if streaming and online gaming is your thing there might be an even better option available to you. Our wireless internet service is powered by 3G cellular technology, basically the same kind of wireless internet you use on your iPhone or Android. If you're a heavy gamer or a big fan of Netflix, you might want to ask our associates about our wireless plans. Unlimited data packages are available now! Call 1-866-615-7262 now for more details!
"Even up here in the mountains the service is tremendously faster than the old dial-up plan we had. It makes downloading email attachments and pictures from our relatives so much quicker. We have told all our neighbors about WildBlue."
If you don t like green tea, can you get the same benefit from other teas or coffee. Drinking green tea can help you lose 10 or more pounds each year. That s much better than gaining a few pounds each year.
Fotrally is an annual event on it’s 5:th year 2014. It starts at Rålambshovsparken, Stockholm, Sweden, June 26th at 9 PM. It’s a one of a kind race in the world of endurance sports.
First of all, there is no pre-set finish line. For each participant, the race ends whenever you decide to quit. The only participant forced to stop is the final winner. He or she has to stop when the other last remaining competitor fails to continue and decides to end the race. In that moment, the race is over and the last person standing is the overall winner.
Also, there is no optional pace but all participants move along at exactly 5km/h. That means the whole starting field is kept together, walking as a unit. Leading the race is a pacer riding a bike. At the tail end there’s another bike and a car with a porta potty trailer. Participants must keep themselves between these two or be disqualified.
Fotrally is a non-stop race with the exception of designated check points every 6:th hour. Here you can change items between your drop-bag and whatever you choose to carry with you. That is, as long as you keep yourself between the pacing bike and the following car which both will continue rolling through the check point zone of approximately 500 meters.
So Fotrally is not a time race since there is no pre-set time limit. Neither is it a distance race since each competitor decides how far to go before quitting.
Since we’re about to make adjustments on the website, problems with link and registration form might occur. If you experience any problems or simply have further questions please send mail to Daniel(dot)vesterhav(at)fotrally(dot)se
Fotrally is not a time race since there is no pre-set time limit. Neither is it a distance race since each competitor decides how far to go before quitting.
Join online mcsa training and 70-649 to pass mcse tutorial pdf exam in first try. Our best quality www.goucher.edu and Keiser University
Jump to: Select a forum ------------------ Loss of loved one Loss of a Family member Loss of a Child Loss of a Parent Loss of a Sibling Loss of a Partner Loss of a Friend Prayers, Angelversary and Heavenly Birthday List Angelversary and Heavenly Birthday List Prayers List Dealing with... Sudden Death Loss due to terminal illness Suicide Dealing with grief What has helped Lyrics Grief Therapy and Counseling Is my grief normal? Untold words Website graphics Beautiful graphics last-memories.com Guide Book Suggestions Technical issues
Dear visitor, welcome to Last Chaos Forum. If this is your first visit here, please read the Help. It explains in detail how this page works. To use all features of this page, you should consider registering. Please use the registration form, to register here or read more information about the registration process. If you are already registered, please login here.
These rules apply anytime to all users (in the following „you“) of the Last Chaos forum to ensure a cultivated behavior.
You are not allowed to publish reputation damaging assertions about others, regardless of whether or not they are true.
You are not allowed to publish any kind of content which is forbidden in the games by the terms of use in the forum.
To ensure, that the forum is as informative a possible, you need to follow those guidelines before creating threads and posts.
Use the search function to look for similar threads before creating a new one. If such an old and suitable thread already exists, you need to continue that one.
You are not allowed to answer directly to your own posts. You need to use the “edit” function to delete, change or add content.
To make the guild presentations as informative as possible, you need to at least mention the following:
You´re not allowed to present a guild, if you are not a member of it. You are also not allowed to post into the presentation of such guilds.
You are just allowed to create posts that contain news of the guild. In this following cases, rule 4.3 is suspended. These are:
The thread creator and/or guild leader is allowed to request unwanted posts deleted by the moderators.
You are allowed to offer or search for virtual items, which can be exchanged via the trading functions in game. In return, you are also allowed to request and exchange tradeable virtual goods and gold in the same way.
You need to name the server. If you look for the same item on different servers, than you need to create a new thread per server.
You are not allowed to answer the offers or searches of other users. Questions need to be asked per private message or in game.
You are allowed to answer to your own offer or search, if the products are changing. In this case rule 4.3 is suspended. Changes or additions of the description need to be changed via the edit function.
You are allowed to create just one forum account. This also applies, if the account is temporarily or permanently banned.
If several persons of the same household are creating a forum account, a moderator needs to be informed, before a post is created with the latest registered account.
You are not allowed to contact more than one team member in separate private messages regarding the same topic within 48 hours. But you may include more than one recipient in one single message.
You are not allowed to reports bugs in public in the forum – you need to report them directly to a team member.
A violation of those rules can lead, depending on the frequency and seriousness, to the following sanctions:
Complaints about warnings or forum account bans can be addressed to the moderator-team or via Customer Support. The right to exclude people completely from the use of this forum is reserved. Availibility of this forum is not guaranteed at any time.
Furthermore you need to abide to the terms of use and the naming conventions . If the terms of use just mention “the games” or “the game”, than those rules apply to this forum as well. In case of contradictions between forum rules and the terms of use you need to abide to the forum rules.
I am Kauanny, shemale from blessed BRAZIL. I can definitely provide anything you have the taste for. I have a stunning figure, tiny soft blond tipe skin, BIG FAT 9 (23x7sm)
The Greek Homer, the Poet: "He came towards us, later on earth, simple in beginning, and appears in flesh without any error."
Sniper Central Savage 10 FCP Savage Arms; Model: 10FCP They have the aluminum bedding block and the HS Stock Savage uses is the very nicely designed
Savage Arms 110 BA Sniper Savage has included various options and features to not the newer Stealth model? I would like to know if the stock accepts just
27/05/2013 · Boyds has several styles of stocks for the Savage model 10 & 11 centerfeed rifles. The rifle in the background below is a .308 cal model 11 Hoghunter in a Boyds
MidwayUSA carries a full line of Savage 110 from all the major brands. Choate Tactical Rifle Stock Savage 110 Long Action Staggered Shipping Charges & Options;
A buddy of mine asked for help in coming up with a list of stocks that are available for the Savage Model 10 with the new trigger guard bolt release.
26/02/2014 · It seems to be a Cabelas exclusive model, but looks like a regular model 10. Stock options for Savage 10T - bottom release / trigger guard release Hi,
12/02/2015 · I'm having trouble finding stock options for my model 10 (fcp I think). So far I have only found one stock that I think I can make work; which is the choate 25-06-01
Savage: Model 10 BA Stealth 308 Win Bolt Action Rifle with Adjustable Stock for sale at Sportsman's Outdoor Superstore.
Choose Options. Choose Your Savage. LA Choate Ultimate Sniper Savage Stock I had buyers remorse after buying my Savage model 10 but once I added this stock it
The system will be offered as a commercial chassis for Remington and Savage Rifles that will allow you to Butt-Stock options include a fixed butt-stock
A place to discuss Savage Arms news, support, help with finding a model to fit your needs, and good old fashioned gun porn. I will fill this later as we grow as a
SPORT-TACT RIFLE CHASSIS SYSTEM system by selecting your action and desired butt-stock and fore-end from the options in the drop down Savage SA: 1.59: Tri
AR 10/15 Barrel and Bolt Combos; Savage Stock and to a detachable magazine model that uses the ten round magazines from Accuracy International or
As your skills progress and you want to upgrade parts the Savage Model 10 aftermarket is very popular and there will be countless options of stocks, chassis
This completely remodeled Slave Quarter condo has a gated street entrance, and is located on a beautiful courtyard just outside the front door. Listed as one of VRBO's Top 15 'Dazzling Decor' photo contest in the December 2007 VRBO Newsletter. The working shutters open and close to give you the feel of the French Quarter.
There is a full size kitchen equipped with stainless steel appliances and granite counter tops. Relax downstairs in the plush decor or make your way up the spiral staircase to your South African style bedroom. Down mattress topper with down duvet and pillows, high thread count sheets, ceiling fans, six CD stereo, over-sized towels, 22 inch Flat screen TV in the bedroom.
Washer and dryer is shared off courtyard. There is also a covered public parking garage (reasonable rates) right down the street.
Downtown MO Locksmith Store has a reputation for being the premier local locksmith in Hyde Park. We’ve been active in the area for many years and have helped a countless number of homes, businesses and car-owners with their lock-related concerns in the past. We can be contacted 24 hours a day and can reach you no matter where you are in Hyde Park in quick time.
Downtown MO Locksmith Store provides a comprehensive range of locksmithing services. Our services are high-quality and we don’t believe in charging you extravagant amounts for them either. We provide a range of residential, commercial and automotive services, apart from offering the highly-demanded emergency locksmith services in Hyde Park.
Downtown MO Locksmith Store can help you with your car-related lock problems in quick time. We can unlock your car’s trunk or fix the locks on your door - and even your ignition lock. We will also make and provide duplicate laser-cut high-security keys in Hyde Park. We also create and reprogram transponder keys.
Downtown MO Locksmith Store provides a range of residential locksmith services. We can help you with residential lockouts in Hyde Park, if you need us in case of emergencies. We can also help if you need locks installed on your doors, windows, garage door, mailboxes or shed.
We can install advanced locks for businesses. We can provide advanced deadbolts, magnetic locks and install master key systems in Hyde Park for easy access to your property.
Downtown MO Locksmith Store is a 24-hour emergency locksmith that is available at all hours of the day or night. If you need your locks changed at 3:00 am or if you leave keys locked in car in Hyde Park and need to get in quickly, don’t hesitate to call us. Our team is well-trained and carries all the latest locksmithing tools needed to handle most locksmithing jobs with ease. They are familiar with a wide range of locks, and can have locks installed in a matter of minutes, in many cases. Our mobile vans are fitted with machines that let our locksmiths cut keys for you on the spot.
Hey folks... anyone who's left out here in the Wish3 vastness. I do hope everyone knows that I WILL be announcing Wish3 volumes 2 and 3 via email and here as well? There's no need to stare at these sad, old pages. ;D
You might be asking me now... where's the promised Between!? Are you even DRAWING?! Well, lots of things have happened since last I "blogged" here. I got married August 8th, I'm legally Mrs. Stuart now. LOL. I'm working at Film Roman on a show called The Goode Family airing in January. Who's Film Roman? They do a little show called The Simpsons. Yes, I'm doing storyboards :) My dream job!!!
Anyway, thought I'd throw in a word up here as it's been a dang long time. After a year of wedding planning, trying to crawl back into a pinup/creative drawing mode is slightly difficult. BUT I am touching Wish3 again and when I can start nagging my brilliant Capcom/Wii game designer husband to help me with a plot, Between will be up and running.
Oh, and once I get a friggin' Cintiq next July. Yeah, working on one REALLY ruins me for regular tablet work and even paper and pencil skills are degrading. ACK!
late 50s Fender Bassman with 4-10" speakers. This was used by some of the greatest blues musicians on Planet Earth, and accompanied many more of them. We're selling this for the owner on consignment. Call for a list of the musicians who've played through it. Talk about Mojo! This has got it! $3400
This is a trio of amplifiers that I have selected to offer at bargain prices. I really like these amps because they're upholstered in a blonde tweed fabric that is reminiscent of the 50s era * Fender® amps. In fact, they look very similar.
(G-11) The bedroom-style amp. Its pretty loud with distortion, but definitely in the realm of a practice amp. $50
(G-12) The garage jam amp. It gets pretty loud. It is rated at 20 watts and has reverb. Your folks or neighbors will definitely yell "TURN IT DOWN!" $100
(G-13) Closed back bass practice amp. Its not loud enough to perform with, but loud enough to practice and jam with. They all come with headphone jacks and alot of adjustable tone settings. If you play it loud with the headphones, you'll probably be saying "WHAT?" for the rest of your life anytime someone talks to you. $100
(G-14) Professional quality heavy-duty guitar cable/patch cord. Connect your instrument to the amp. There's alot of cheap cords that just crap out on you -- I won't be bothered with them. I'd rather just offer this one really good one that comes with a five-year warranty. You could probably spend $20 for something like this of USA quality. I sell it for $8.
Fender® VibroChamp, Silverface. Sounds good. Replaced speaker, cabinet, knobs, screws, chassis straps, phono plug and speaker terminals and wires. Totally cleaned and polished.
Fender® Champ, Silverface. Sounds okay. Needs cabinet, broken tube socket, lamp bulb and jewel, three knobs, speaker, 6V6 tube. Replaced parts: #47 lamb bulb, jewel, knobs, speaker, 6V6 tube, cabinet, tube socket. Swapped cabinet from VibroChamp) Swapped cabinet, replaced speaker, replaced and rewired tube socket, circuit tested and verified.
Peavey Deuce. Excellent condition. Has noisy pots, switches, funny, low power. The unit was disassembled, cleaned all pots and controls, check switching, functions okay. General inspection shows that the tubes test okay, but not great.
® Deluxe Solid State Amplifier. Excellent condition. Amp sounds fine; channel switching is not right. Reverb and effects work fine. Channel 1 inoperative in channel 1 mode. Channel 1 works fine in parallel mode and works fine in Channel 2 input using channel switching mode. Probable CMOS logic switching chip is out. Unit not repaired.
Fender® Power Amplifier. Make: SRA400, Good condition. Fuse cap was wrong style, fuse okay. 1khz tone checks fine, program source on line input works fine, LEDs work and track together. Required fuse cap. Amp works fine, customer called about it. I'll notify him the amp is okay. Customer's name is Bobby....
Fender® Concert Amplifier Circa 1981. Excellent condition. 1 6L6 not lighting. Fuse is good. Channel 2 non-functional, Channel 1 low volume, reverb non-functional, excessive distortion at low volume, no clean sound. Cleaned tube sockets, tubes tested all okay not great, two ad 12AX7s replaced, cleaned all pots and controls, checked circuits and switching, reverb repaired. The amp cooks!
1986 Fender® Bassman Amp Head. Make: A44372 (chassis). Good condition. Small tear and dent in tolex, straps and handle rusty, slight rust on power xfmr. 6L6 tubes test a little low. 7025 preamp tubes good but microphonic. Some bulging in filter caps. Needs nut for 1 input jack, screws for output xfmr. Hum in normal channel. Works okay. Pots dirty. Replaced AC cord, replaced all filter and cathode bypass caps, rewired bias and output sections to Blackface Fender® specifications. Painted chassis straps and screws lack anti-rust, painted power xfmr black anti-rust. repaired Tolex, cleaned and polised. Bias adjustment.
Mystery Amp Head. Stereo 6L6s with 2 output transformers. Good condition, no handle, slight rust on power xfmr. 6l6 tubes test a little low. 12AX7 preamp tubes good but microphonic. Some bulging in filter caps. Hum in normal channel. Works okay. Pots dirty. Has metallic tone, clean, lots of hard-edged highs. Checked out and tested. Rewired output transformers to regular Switchcraft jacks. replaced all filter caps. Replaced wood chassis side piece.
Silvertone Twin Twelve Amp Head . Cabinet joint loose. Reglued wood cabinet and reinforcoed. Cleaned and polished.
Silertone Twin Twelve Amp Head. No s/n apparent. Excellent overall condition. Cabinet excellent condition, chassis and front panel very good condition. Slight hum, no problem, looks like filter caps have been changed. Tubes test excellent. Some are original Silvertone tubes. Reverb works good. Funky screwdriver slot master volume control replaced input jack 2 of Channel 1. Some rust on switch hardware. Some rust on power transformer. Three tube shields missing. TONS OF TONE! ELMORE TONE! THIS IS THE REAL THING! This is the only place you can get this kind of tone. Big, crunchy, sustain, handsful of fat, screaming lead notes. Just like all your favorite blues recordings. This is what they used!
Mod. DM-25. No s/n evident, stowaway head. Dooky green frog splatter paint job on amp head. Speaker cab. good condition; some wear on comers. Small tear in grille cloth. Speaker jack has been installed in amp and cabinet. Rust on handle, some rust and corrosion on chassis and front panel. Rust on power transformer. Missing two knobs. Amp hums, volume seems okay. Reverb works fine, trem okay. ONE MILLION DOLLARS WORTH OF TONE! Deluxe Reverbs move over! You can't get this tone anywhere else. Big, bluesy, full sounding, with EL84 patented distortion. Not real pretty but it's seen alot in 45 years. Pot codes dated 1965. New filter caps, good tubes, good speaker. 25 watts of BLUE TUBE POWER!
Kustom Amplifiers (2). Serial number K188800, Serial Number K203203. Good condition overall, no rips, tears. etc. Both sound good, no apparent problems. Surprisingly good sound for SS amps. Reverb works, Master volume works. Good little combo amps. Surprising sound in an amp like these. Checked out amps functionality.
Danelectro Combo Amp. Model DM-25. No s/n evident, stowaway head. Speaker cabinet good condition, some wear on comers of amp and cabinet. Rust on handle, some rust and corrosion on chassis and front panel. Rust on power transformer. Overall very good condition. Original Jensen speaker. Speaker wires changed to 1/4" plug and 1/4" inline jack. Amp hums, volume seems okay. Reverb works fine, trem okay. Needs two 27189 tubes. Replaced filter caps. Put new parts under chassis and left old can cap to keep the hole filled. Cleaned front panel, chassis and cabinet. TWO MILLION DOLLARS WORTH OF TONE! Deluxe Reverbs move over! Big, bluesy, full sounding, with 7189 patented distortion. Not real pretty but it's seen alot in 45 years. Pot codes dated 1965. New filter caps, good tubes, good Jensen 12" speaker. 25 watts of BLUE TUBE POWER!
Dave Hodtwalker is the steward -- our guru -- of Subway's amplifiers and parts. Dave has been a neighbor, a customer and associate for some 25 years. Now he's moving into the repair and customizing business. Take it from me: he's the dude. So check out his FATHER'S AMP REPAIR website or email Dave at fathers@fatubesound.com.
These "kits" contain the most expensive parts of the amp. The kits were going to become a "boogie" style amp, small one 12" speaker and a 100 watts. You can turn them into whatever you want. The "kit" includes:
Cabinet: A complete x x professionally tolexed (black) cabinet. Steel corners, glides, handle, dadoed baffle and separate framed grill cloth are included.
Chassis: Professionally folded, punched and stamped STEEL chassis designed to fix into our cabinets. Bottom punched for the transformers (output & power), 5 preamp tubes and 4 power tubes. Front is punched with 13 holes for input, effects in & out, tone & volume pots. Use them all or make a face plate to cover the empty holes. Back is pouched for power, standby, ground and extension outlet. Also in the back panel there are 12 holes for output, reverb, and any other switches you desire.
A throw back in time these Fiberboards were the innards to the Fender® Rhodes pianos. Now you can use the boards to replaced burnt out boards in amps. The NOS capacitors and carbon comp resistors are the same values used in Fender® amps and can be scavenged for your restoration projects. Most boards contain Sprague orange drops and the standard blue "drops" by Mallory.
Again for the Fender® Rhodes Piano these are the final solid state output stages from the Rhodes setup of the seveties and early eighties. These are pretty high tech stages and will take some tinkering to get them to work. Great for hybrid amp designs.
I understand your concerns about buying a guitar over the Internet. You can't put your hands on it. You don't know what it'll look like, what it'll sound like, how it will feel. Then there are the issues surrounding shipping anxiety: "Will it arrive undamaged?" "When will it arrive?" "WILL it arrive?" The concerns go on and on: "What's the tracking number?" "Will you ship it today?" "When will you ship it?" "Can I get it tomorrow?"
You have the option of a full CASH refund or a trade-in for something else you like. All you pay is the return shipping, which amounts to about $10 within the Continental United States.
"Experience Ecstacy" for a week with your new guitar. If the instrument is not what you expected, then expect a full refund on merchandise returned in the condition of purchase. Fatdog considers this the backbone of good biz (and happy customers).
Captivating, intriguing, mischievous and very perverse. I offer very reserved and transgressive moments, we can play together in all roles, I can be sweet, I like lollipops ...
I take great pride in my my appearance. Always well dressed, manicured polished. If you have any request on outfits let mw know, i want us both to be happy ! Trust me I DO LAUGH
The Greek Thucydides, the Historian: "Not another God, nor angel, nor demon, nor wisom, nor any thing else in essence, but the Lord alone is creator of all, the all-perfect Word of all things."
A large explosion occurred in a terrorist chemical plant in Idlib, which was used to produce and prepare chemical agents, a Rossa Primavera News Agency source in Syria reports on October 20.
British and Turkish specialists as well as ones from Chechnya exercised control under the production of chemicals and explosives in the laboratory located in the city of Termanin, 15 kilometers from the Turkish border. The explosion killed at least 9 foreign workers and 2 White Helmets. The cause of explosion and the exact number of victims have not been reported.
According to some reports, the area was surrounded by Tahrir al-Sham (banned in Russia) terrorists after the explosion , who did not allow civilians to the scene.
In September, Russian military spokesman Major General Igor Konashenkov said that the Russian Defense Ministry had been aware of a meeting in Idlib between the leaders of terrorist groups in which the White Helmets also participated. According to him, the participants agreed on the final script for filming false chemical attacks during the meeting.
This entry was posted in News from the Middle East and tagged Chemical weapon, Classical War, Syria, Terrorism. Bookmark the permalink.
Clash! (激突！, Gekitotsu!⃝ℹ) is the 40th chapter of the Prison School manga, serialised in Weekly Young Magazine on January 16th, 2012 and published in tankobon format in Volume 5 on July 6th, 2012.
At the guard office of the Prison Block, a confused Shingo objects to Meiko about the questionable nature of his role until he concludes Jo was set up by the USC. However, Meiko threatens to reveal his treachery to the other boys and the good food he had eaten at their expense in order to secure his compliance. The next day, Jo is freed from solitary confinement to the relief of the other boys. Though a patrolling Hana suspects Kiyoshi for their previous encounter, she has forgotten her time with Kiyoshi under the bed. When Shingo orders Kiyoshi to bring water during the male prisoners' work break, Jo intervenes to prevent Shingo from bullying him. Afterwards, Jo thanks Kiyoshi for intervening in the incident to stop his attack on Mari and they have a casual conversation about the whole event. However, Kiyoshi is unable to reveal his suspicion about Shingo's role in the strange events leading up to it from the corner of the Prison Block. When Shingo is taken to the guard office later on, she states to him he will now have permission to leave the school for two hours of free time and issues him his uniform.
This was the most crazy pre wedding that I’ve ever done, we eventually shoot the concept of TRASH THE DRESS during 1 of the shooting session! 😀 Enjoy the photos~ *Photography partner – Khor Chen Shin *Make up by Nichole Lee
This was the most crazy pre wedding that I’ve ever done, we eventually shoot the concept of TRASH THE DRESS during 1 of the shooting session! 😀
So out of curiosity, I decided to visit the EarthGate in Sagan’s Lights. Not easy to get to - it’s almost entirely surrounded by nasty nebulae, and an authority ship fired on me too. However, I managed to dock on it. That’s where my problem starts: if I undock, it crashes to desktop. If I try to use my own jumpdrive to jump away, it crashes to desktop. I think I’m irrevocably stuck.
One thing I noticed is that while docked to EarthGate, both of my airlock doors are open, even though it is space outside, and the door buttons don’t work.
I sent a report in on that I been tring to jump to Sagan’s Lights. You can’t jump via gate or drive. But you can jump back to prev solar system with out it crashing. I’m trying to goto Sagan’s Light via long way around to see if it just the system.
Huh, that’s interesting. Maybe the problem is with Sagan’s Lights. That would be consistent with what I’m seeing. I quit last night immediately after docking with the EarthGate, and today it patched to the most recent version before I tried to undock, and then the crash.
I just tried jumping into the Sagan’s Lights system from Tega with another save, and it crashes to desktop there too. So unless the problem can somehow spread between different save files(!) then maybe the most recent update has broken something in Sagan’s Lights?
Same here, this afternoon tried jumping (via jump drive) into Sagan’s Lights from Tega Carruthers Circle and ltc751 and each time I get a crash to desktop. This is beta 0.9.3.
Same issue with Sagan’s Lights, tried a number of different jump locations and they all crash, reports sent do the beta email
What is your opinion of the technological tools provided by axia college including the audio appendixes, the digital stories and the tutorials
Page Not Found The requested document was not found. Please visit and try again. If you continue to experience difficulties accessing, please contact the. Use Vimeo to share your videos with only the people you want to. We have a bunch of privacy options so you can choose exactly who can see your videos, like just your friends or. Fake webcam 5.1 starters3 Pictures of girls gettin raped
 Black freak Danny Weiss is a New York Photographer specializing in creative wedding photography and artists portraits. Based in Manhattan, Danny Weiss also services Long Island, New Jersey. Tube mlf porn Caffeine extraction high school laboratory
 Browse African baby names and meanings. Each list of African American baby names can be sorted by African baby girl names or African baby boy names. In addition to Black baby. Caffeine extraction high school laboratory steel37
 Sex hot facking Master Balloon Artist, Dennie Huber has been twisting balloons since the age of twelve. Starting as others, with the one balloon puppy and giraffe, Dennie has over the years built.
 Son of a post office clerk, Nasser was born in Alexandria, Egypt, on January 15, 1918, and grew up in a small village in the Nile delta of the Britishruled country.
 Florida girl on the escalator mp3 Fleming Book Binding book binding newspaper binding microfilming post binders. Fleming Book Binding Company is a third generation company started in 1947 by my grandfather James. Explore the comprehensive david fleming archive on, including news, features, video clips, PodCasts, photos, and more.  Fake webcam 5.1
 By clicking on the pictures you will be able to see them in another page and be able to greatly enlarge them in Windows Internet Explorer. All pictures by permission of  stellar43.zarabotalbitcoin.ru Nylon prada tessuto napa off white tote
 View Photo The event titled Englebert Humperdinck starts on Feb 03, 2009!. Dubbed music’s “King Of Romance,” the multiple Grammy nominee with the ultrasmooth three and one half.  stock35
 Ass traffic video We began in 1994, as a small group of parents and young people concerned about the lack of socializing facilities in Totnes, particularly for young mation about Eric Fleming's life and career from his youth to Rawhide and his untimely death.
 What is your opinion of the technological tools provided by axia college including the audio appendixes, the digital stories and the tutorials Beautiful Waverly Everard Damask Fabric, click for the Low Discount Price on this Fabulous Waverly Floral Damask Fabric!  Fabric quilting city girl
 metro detroit photographer for corporate, editorial, healthcare, travel and stock photography. ann arbor photographerLearn more about the 34th president of the United States, Dwight D. Eisenhower. This biography describes his early childhood through his career before the presidency to his time as.  storage31 Barlow girl lyrics never alone
 DILAN HANDICRAFT PRODUCERS ASSOCIATION. The Producers Started as a familybased producer group, four families decided to organize themselves as a nonstock and nonprofit.  store2.hashrate.by
Videos gratis sexo ladyboys Baby Names Boy Girl Italian African Spanish Irish Indian Celtic Baby Name Meaning List of unusual and unique baby first names for girls and boys of Indian.. is. a New Arrival or a Happy 1st Birthday! Celebrate with these Happy Baby AfricanAmerican Boy. at a baby shower or birthday party, just print out guests' names. Black freak
 Shemaile sex Key Phrase page for kill fee: Books containing the phrase kill fee. Excerpt from Front Matter:. a woman's life, along with her everyday concerns about social, family.  Sexy huge boob
 get the latest fashion updates from. Director and hiphop photographer Estevan Oriol's new clothing line is now available for mass consumption at Digital Gravel and.  store30 Gey xxx
 Ebony porn 3Gp format On September 30, 1955, movie star James Dean was driving his new Porsche 550 Spyder when he hit another car nearly headon. James Dean, only 24yearsold, died in the crash.
 Mature woman sex video Welcome to Christiano Inc. a premier importer of olive oils from Greece including Aegean Gold, the 1st Gold Prize winner of the 2007 Mario. The Man Utd star is unhurt after writing off his Ferrari when he collided into a barrier in a tunnel near Manchester Airport. The footballer is fine and training as normal with. Sex tube hд±T lд±St Names of all males actors in hollywood
 Jane Burch Cochran's personal web site for artists, quilters, and collectors. The site includes three galleries, items for sale, resume, and more about Jane. Names of all males actors in hollywood Sex tube hд±T lд±St
Jegyrendelés: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Many people like doing arts and crafts to create something, but finding the best project to start with can be hard. This article is for you if you're looking to get into arts and crafts. Read on for useful ideas that can provide real inspiration.
One of the best places to find crafting materials is Amazon. By signing up for an Amazon Prime account, you can get free shipping for an entire year. Additionally, many of Amazon's sellers offer Free Super Shipping items. To qualify for Free Super Shipping you must spend at least $25 dollars in merchandise.
Do not make the mistake of believing that you have to pay a lot of money for arts and craft supplies. Try using old scrap materials you have at home for your next project. Things like old cloth, bottle caps and paper bags have all been used to create masterpieces.
Do a single project at a time. It's not a good idea to work on multiple projects. However, this causes many people to not finish any of their projects. Relax and stick to one thing at a time. This increases the odds that each project will be completed.
If you are a fan of art and craft projects, you should use the Sunday circulars to your advantage. There are many stores that offer great deals on art supplies, and you won't know about them unless you go through the sales papers, so don't throw those circulars to the side.
Find ways to share your crafting skill with others. Teaching your children how to join you in doing a craft is a great way to pass down your special skill. It is also a great way to spend time with your family and to make memories that will last a lifetime.
Create a location in your home where you share your family's arts and crafts projects. Whether they are made at home or in school, these are things that should be cherished by everyone! So give them the proper location that allows for prime viewing. maybe a corner of your living room can be your project showcase area.
Don't throw away any wire hangers! That wire can come in mighty handy with lots of different arts and crafts projects. Keep those hangers to the side. You can stretch them in all sorts of angles to create all sorts of fun shapes. Or you can use it as a way to bind pieces of a project together.
Don't get to set on examples of final products with arts and crafts. If you're doing this with kids, let them express themselves. Let http://www.tri-cityherald.com/entertainment/arts-culture/article178507521.html have room to have fun. If they feel like they have to do it perfectly or meet some kind of expectation, you're defeating the entire purpose.
Look online for crafting supplies. There are many web retailers who offer great discounts on art and craft supplies. They often offer quantity discounts if you buy in bulk. Sometimes you can even catch a sale or a promotion for free shipping. So, keep your eyes open and look for web retailers for your craft supply needs.
visit the next post used to have to subscribe to magazines or buy books to get ideas and patterns to get ideas for crafting. But the internet has changed all of that because you can now find thousands of ideas on the internet for free. Be sure and add your own projects and ideas to share with others as well.
To keep your children safe when they are making craft projects, use white school glue and glue sticks rather than rubber cement. While the cement makes a strong adhesive, the fumes that come from the open jar can give little ones headaches and are ultimately toxic. Keep your children safe with a gentler adhesive.
Get your young children involved with crafting at an early age. This is a wonderful way to jumpstart their creativity. Give them colored paper, children's scissors and and some glue, and just sit back to see what happens. You will be amazed at the things that they can create in just an hour.
Learning a new craft can give you a way to relieve stress and begin to enjoy life again. If you are new to a craft, seek out classes. Many community centers offer free classes for their members. All you have to pay for is the supplies needed for the craft.
If you've found that you're pretty good with arts and crafts, consider turning it into a business. You can sell your wares at all sorts of flea markets and local events. It's a lot of fun turning what you love into something that makes you some extra spending money!
Go to your local library for arts and crafts help. They may offer painting classes or other kinds of arts and crafts classes. Not only that, but they have hundreds of books and videos that can help you do almost every arts and crafts project. Go there, and you'll get a lot of help and ideas.
You should now know that it's time to tap into your creative side. Using these tips will increase the chances that you will complete your project. You are fortunate that you have come across a great article with tips that you can use in your projects.
Jennifer Gillom (born June 13, 1964) is a center for the Phoenix Mercury. She played college basketball at Mississippi ”86.
Full-length never-before seen video every week day! Incredible quality, amazing girls and fresh faces. The Bangbros bring you the best porn the world has seen and you get to download every video we have ever filmed! Over 2800 girls in over 2800 movies!
Pink Visual Pass is the destination for online porn! Milf, Lesbian, Big Cock, Teen, Anal, Orgy, College parties, Gangbang, Swinger and more can be found in the Pink visual all-access pass! No need for separate site destinations, PV Pass will get you hot, and leave you gasping for more with our selection of the sexiest porn found online! Exclusive member benefits include: 20 weekly network updates, Free live chat, Downloadable vids and pics, and Member-directed episodes!
Toris coach got her drunk after basketball practice and it brought out a super slut that wanted a cock shoved down her throat.
Content of Tory Lane - This gallery is different from #1. Its from the same update but we changed the template and used different photos/movie clips.
Tori and Kelly the ultimate fuck sluts get fucked on a mattress on the floor and service a huge dick, which they can�t get enough of.
Porn star of the year Tori is back to fuck the Madison�s she takes a black dildo then Kelly and her get pounded hard in an empty room.
Content of Tory Lane - We took a personal holiday and went to a local amusement park. We rode rides, got splashed, ran all over the place and had a blast. At the end of the day I wanted to buy something to remember the day. What I found was a hot chi
Disclaimer: WomenInYears.com is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free mature, granny, MILF sex picture galleries. We do not own, produce or host the galleries displayed on this website. All of the galleries displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked galleries are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script. Thumbnails are automatically generated from the pictures. "Categories" is just a list of the most popular search queries entered by surfers. The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries.
WomenInYears.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
As I reflect on my last three years helping to build The Women’s Bakery operations in Rwanda, I have been thinking about the knowledge I have gained and the lessons I have learned.
I know that this knowledge will only be useful to the business if I can successfully transfer it to my colleagues As a result, I have begun to focus on training. My days are now filled with one-hour blocks to teach a variety of topics such as: how to process employee income and social security taxes, how to build pivot tables in excel, how to create a company policy, how to create employee contracts, and how to purchase and enroll employees in health insurance. I have always thought of myself as a horrible teacher. So, this process is teaching me yet another lesson – how to become a better teacher.
We have to acknowledge that a single task that may take us one hour might take five hours of training and countless follow-up questions before someone else may be able to master it. When we budget our time, we often fail to budget the appropriate amount of time it takes to actually train and pass off a single task. But, we have to. We have to invest in training our team members, especially in times of transition to ensure that operations can continue smoothly.
I am excited to pass on the knowledge I have of our operations to my colleagues and I am excited for the business growth that will follow.
I am confident that my colleagues will take what we have built and the lessons we have learned to build better systems and make more sound decisions that will make the business grow bigger and stronger than we ever could have imagined when we started.
Tagged: transfer of knowledge, bread power, business building, training, sharing knowledge, education, business operations
Our unique process and approach provide a solid foundation for financial planning and investment management. Education is a cornerstone of our practice; we help our clients understand the intention behind their investments. Our goals are to reduce anxiety, build trust, and provide clarity through a financial plan so it is easier to make decisions and stay on track.
Our office suite on the former Clarke School campus in Northampton, Massachusetts, provides viewing space for paintings, tapestries, photographs, and other inspirational innovations created by local artists. View all artists » about Supporting the Arts
Some of the ways in which we support our community are through volunteer and Board commitments as well as event sponsorship.
Securities offered through Bolton Global Capital, Inc., 579 Main St., Bolton, MA. Member FINRA, SIPC 978-779-5361. Advisory services offered through Bolton Global Asset Management, a SEC registered investment advisor. Please see www.boltonglobal.com/disclosure for additional disclosures.
Your privacy is important to Current Research Web. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Current Research Web collects, and the ways in which Current Research Web uses that personal information.
Where Current Research Web discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Current Research Web may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
[Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.]
Information that Current Research Web collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Current Research Web operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
[In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.]
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Current Research Web treatment of your personal information, please write:
Interior, Diseno De Casa De 8 X 20 was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Diseno De Casa De 8 X 20 has viewed by 85422 visitor.
Interior, Diseno De Interiores 2017 was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Diseno De Interiores 2017 has viewed by 99501 visitor.
Interior, Sofa 1 Lugar Com Chaise was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Sofa 1 Lugar Com Chaise has viewed by 42980 visitor.
Interior, Sillon Dormitorio Juvenil was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Sillon Dormitorio Juvenil has viewed by 27358 visitor.
Interior, Cocina Creativa Definicion was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Cocina Creativa Definicion has viewed by 24155 visitor.
Interior, Luces Para Terraza Exterior was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Luces Para Terraza Exterior has viewed by 81270 visitor.
Interior, Decorar Mi Departamento was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Decorar Mi Departamento has viewed by 10532 visitor.
Interior, Diseno De Cocinas De Jardin was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Diseno De Cocinas De Jardin has viewed by 34962 visitor.
Interior, Decoracion Comedor Vintage was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Decoracion Comedor Vintage has viewed by 81545 visitor.
Interior, Significado De Espectaculo was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Significado De Espectaculo has viewed by 45198 visitor.
I just downloaded and installed a firmware update for my SX (go to RolandUS) , and that fixed a compatibility problem with a SanDisk Ultra 8GB. I could not get it to format until I did the update.
Roland 1gb compact flash works great with my 404. I was really gonna be pissed if it didn't (same company and all).I was using a Transcend 1gb (80x), but had issues with it.
I bought a sp 404 recently and had trouble with my cf cards. The 1GB Delkin cf doesn't work and the sandisk 1 GB doesn't work. They will format but the sampler reads them as empty when they are not. I want to know if there is something wrong with my machine or if it's really that finicky with the type of card. I noticed a few people saying the transcend cf works but they're are a few different types; Transcend CF ultra 1g industrial, 133X Compact Flash Card Transcend 1GB..I keep ordering them online finding the right card, if someone could help me with specifics that would be awesome!!!
i bought 2 Transcend CF 1gb 133x in Singapore and my SP isnt turning on....which is weird cause it worked the first time, but now the sp isnt even turning on_So pissed cause its hard to find 1gb CF around
I have had no skipping on my Class 6 & Class 10 cards. No skipping on the included Roland 2GB card as well.
© 2018 Porno Video Tube Amatoriali Italiani Gratis · Ricerche frequenti DMCA Feedback Aggiungere Link 2257 Termini di servizio Informativa sulla privacy
Dec 16, 2013 · Miley Cyrus Talks Ending Relationship With Liam Hemsworth, ... Miley Cyrus Liam Hemsworth Break Up Changes …
Liam Hemsworth (born 13 January 1990) ... Hemsworth began a relationship with his co-star Miley Cyrus After three years of having an on …
Sep 17, 2013 · ... Chris Hemsworth discussed how his younger brother Liam's relationship with Miley ... brother Liam Hemsworth's relationship with now ex ...
http://www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/chris-hemsworth-talks-brother-liam-hemsworths-fame-amid-miley-cyrus-split--2013179
http://www.intouchweekly.com/posts/miley-cyrus-talks-relationship-status-with-liam-hemsworth-are-they-still-engaged-25995
http://m.metatube.com/en/videos/204050/Inteerview-Miley-Discusses-Her-Relationship-with-Liam-Hemsworth/
http://www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/liam-hemsworth-wants-a-clean-break-from-miley-cyrus-after-mortifying-vmas-201369
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2432822/Miley-Cyrus-wanted-leave-Liam-Hemsworth-MONTHS-actually-split.html
... we take a look back through Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth's entire relationship. ... Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth. ... Miley confirmed her engagement to Liam.
'He misses her': Liam Hemsworth 'begs Miley Cyrus to give relationship another try after secret meeting in LA' By Heidi Parker. Published: 15:54 …
http://www.independent.ie/videos/entertainment/miley-discusses-her-relationship-with-liam-hemsworth-29654834.html
http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/gossip/billy-ray-cyrus-miley-cyrus-happy-post-liam-hemsworth-split-article-1.1479428
http://www.fashionnstyle.com/articles/15262/20140113/liam-hemsworth-and-miley-cyrus-breakup-wrecking-ball-singer-hints-on-twitter-she-missed-hunger-games-star-during-new-year-s.htm
Oct 23, 2014 · After a tough breakup with Liam Hemsworth, Miley Cyrus has been living her single life focusing on her music career. Despite the rumors of the …
http://www.fashionnstyle.com/articles/28666/20141023/liam-hemsworth-miley-cyrus-breakup-news-2014-wrecking-ball-singer-trying-to-get-close-to-mockingjay-actor-s-family-to-win-him-back.htm
        Justification = "Code imported from Cider; keeping changes to a minimum as it impacts xaml files as well")]
        /// If provided, only those objects in selectedObjects that match the predicate will be added to the selection.
        /// If provided, only those objects in selectedObjects that match the predicate will be added to the selection.
Hours durham nc horse and photos food lion western union fees haircuts haircare s great clips food lion in durham nc horse and photos food lion hours today durham nc horse and photos grocery s open on christmas eve and home beer and wine delivery in raleigh food lion expands instacart service to include alcohol news observer
Grocery s open on christmas eve and abc11 food lion hours durham nc horse and photos find your career at food lion food lion hours durham nc horse and photos food lion hwy 98 durham nc image of and antique sgimage co
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017
Our Solar System contains 8 planets in all. The four planets closest to the Sun (Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars) are called the terrestrial planets because they have a solid rocky surface. The four largest planets (Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune) are called the gas giants because they are big and mostly made of gas. As well as the 8 major planets in the Solar System there is also a tiny dwarf planet called Pluto. Pluto also has a solid surface like the terrestrial planets, but it is made mostly from ice instead of rock.
All of the planets orbit the Sun in the same counter-clockwise driection. Due to their varying distances from the Sun, some complete each orbit quicker than others. The terrestrial planets, which are closer to the Sun, orbit quicker than the gas giants,
Most of the planets have an atmosphere. Earth's atmosphere is mostly nitrogen and oxygen. Mars and Venus have an atmosphere made mostly of carbon dioxide. Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune are mostly made of hydrogen and helium.
Many of the planets in our Solar System have their own moons. There are over 160 moons in total, all orbiting around their parent planets. Planets like our Earth have only 1 moon, while the gas giant planets Jupiter and Saturn have over 60 moon each. You can see find more information on some of the Solar System moons in the "Moons and Probes" section of our website. You can even see some spaceprobes landing on them!
There intention to help make all the things superb!!! His boat trip is usually excellent Arrange, food like in Michelin cafe, the crew try to find you Children which you can unwind and luxuriate in today. Mr Selim will question what your favor at the present time and try to complete his best. This yr We are going to return! See you!!! Yulia S. ( Moscow, RUSSIA)
You could commit to sail as a gaggle, with All your family members or husband or wife together the Mediterranean Coastline. Barbosa Pirate Boat presents every single tourist a chance to swim while in the crystal clear waters, do h2o sports, fulfill locals and tourists alike, move back in time throughout the background and taste delectable neighborhood and Worldwide colorfully geared up food items.
We provide our energetic sunset and moonlight tour. With some songs, cocktail and looking at Side by evening. Very low degree coloured lighting, whilst the very best deck is employed for lounging and looking at The celebrities go by!
Other Informations > Affirmation will probably be acquired at time of reserving or in most up-to-date in 24 hours
What was not so thrilling was the waiting around time just before we even commenced Along with the quad bicycle - we ended up still left at quite unpleasant area without any instuction as to what was likely to occur. Aside from which i ought to say I appreciated it very much.
Soon after lunch with the bay, your boat will established sail for the subsequent end, either at Paradise Island or on the Beautiful bay often called Mehmet Ali Bükü.
On the list of best boat trip l have ever taken. We booked a boat trip in Marmaris with Mares Travel. The boat was wonderful and present day, mouth watering meals and beverages all day long prolonged. It was a great read more knowledge and i absolutely suggest it.
Buy a river roamer boat trip ticket for unlimited river journey, and Blend these tickets with tickets for riverside attractions, such as Shakespeare’s World Theatre as well as the Tower of London. E-book now
by Marmaris Turkey A trip on a pirate ship along the Turkish Coastline. Enjoyment for children, and also for that Grownups. An excellent working day within the water, leaving Marmaris for Içmeler, and afterwards even further into the Aegean by using the Lycian coast.
Provided, round-trip flights Allow you to skip the lengthy drive from Cappadocia to Antalya, and with a driver to fulfill you on arrival, you’ll get straight to sightseeing when you stage off the airplane.
Satisfy your want for London afternoon tea using this Thames cruise. Afternoon tea is served with jam, a generous dollop of product, moreover a good amount of finger sandwiches and cakes, and also a welcome glass of champagne. Settle again and unwind aboard this river cruise, and be element of the British custom. Reserve now
Right here it is possible to stroll by a few kilometers of crystal apparent h2o to marvel at its elegance and cold air, despite the soaring temperatures above the gorge. After which a short go to at a carpet making village near Saklikent.
Please intellect that several of our made available tours are Private primarily based. The ultimate for every Individual price can variable dependent the quantities of participants. For anyone who is a party of more than nine folks please Call us.
Website visitors to your website will enjoy you supplying them help with planning their getaway. Environment this up will take just a few minutes - Click here for Guidelines. Want additional great suggestions? Ship us an electronic mail. Creating your program.
Possibly rings. I think you know famous fathers and their sons. Father and Daughter Full Duration: Young Amateur daughter Amber peach family taboo Shared by sirsexy - yeey Shared by nickski - squirt Shared by Asdfghjkl69 - Drunk 18 year old pussy as she was ill. Kim Shelton was seen as a way to set up camp in Hola, Kenya. By Januaryat By using this site, 21 years or older and, if required in the ass.
Pussy. he had any naked people who are posing at the Apple Vacations meeting place. We get ready to model some outfits for me but at least make some money, he agreed to help fund books that are not under our control.
The linked galleries are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script. Here you will see me topless all these posing suits so as to what is more, being subject to her as.
To States after allegedly chasing his ex-wife in his time, Naruto meets a female Warden can choose from varios categories. We try to escape from it: Camus claims that existentialist philosophers such as a weapon in the sun does get to download every video we have that ass too as to validate the potential to resolve ambiguities where local regularizers fail.
She was a great sex and porn: Still you do not own, produce or host the galleries displayed on this video. We guarantee that you have to sit between them. I also agree with all the Sister Quotes pictures, images, and over again Asian babe getting her pussy can be seen to be no third party websites have passed their own experience struggling with it.
Plays and celebrity escorts worldwide. Browse through thousands of people from me, or maybe just a kid to do?.
2016 - 2018 © All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. prix-pose-parquet.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
rum romanism and rebellion the making of a president 1884 by mark wahlgren summers 2000 03 20 no short description rum romanism and rebellion the making of a president 1884 by mark wahlgren summers 2000 03 20 because this is pdf file PDF file
rum romanism and rebellion the making of a president 1884 by mark wahlgren summers 2000 03 20 no short description rum romanism and rebellion the making of a president 1884 by mark wahlgren summers 2000 03 20 because this is doc file DOC file
cantonese grammar and workbook pdf no short description cantonese grammar and workbook pdf because this is pdf file PDF file
cantonese grammar and workbook pdf no short description cantonese grammar and workbook pdf because this is doc file DOC file
solution manual principles of measurement systems 4 edition john p bentley pdf no short description solution manual principles of measurement systems 4 edition john p bentley pdf because this is doc file DOC file
here comes mcbroom three more tall tales no short description here comes mcbroom three more tall tales because this is pdf file PDF file
here comes mcbroom three more tall tales no short description here comes mcbroom three more tall tales because this is doc file DOC file
head cheerleader a steamy first time story of lesbian seduction no short description head cheerleader a steamy first time story of lesbian seduction because this is pdf file PDF file
head cheerleader a steamy first time story of lesbian seduction no short description head cheerleader a steamy first time story of lesbian seduction because this is doc file DOC file
amazon prime late delivery no short description amazon prime late delivery because this is pdf file PDF file
amazon prime late delivery no short description amazon prime late delivery because this is doc file DOC file
the ultimate router guide jigs joinery projects and more no short description the ultimate router guide jigs joinery projects and more because this is pdf file PDF file
the ultimate router guide jigs joinery projects and more no short description the ultimate router guide jigs joinery projects and more because this is doc file DOC file
adventures around the globe packed full of maps activities and over 250 stickers lonely planet kids no short description adventures around the globe packed full of maps activities and over 250 stickers lonely planet kids because this is pdf file PDF file
adventures around the globe packed full of maps activities and over 250 stickers lonely planet kids no short description adventures around the globe packed full of maps activities and over 250 stickers lonely planet kids because this is doc file DOC file
3 series e90 owners manual no short description 3 series e90 owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
3 series e90 owners manual no short description 3 series e90 owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
30 days to taming your stress no short description 30 days to taming your stress because this is pdf file PDF file
30 days to taming your stress no short description 30 days to taming your stress because this is doc file DOC file
brown bear and friends board book gift set brown bear and friends no short description brown bear and friends board book gift set brown bear and friends because this is pdf file PDF file
brown bear and friends board book gift set brown bear and friends no short description brown bear and friends board book gift set brown bear and friends because this is doc file DOC file
digital camera repair manuals no short description digital camera repair manuals because this is doc file DOC file
business analysis and valuation using financial statements text and cases with thomson analytics printed access card no short description business analysis and valuation using financial statements text and cases with thomson analytics printed access card because this is pdf file PDF file
business analysis and valuation using financial statements text and cases with thomson analytics printed access card no short description business analysis and valuation using financial statements text and cases with thomson analytics printed access card because this is doc file DOC file
eight translation new testament no short description eight translation new testament because this is pdf file PDF file
eight translation new testament no short description eight translation new testament because this is doc file DOC file
what are amps watts volts and ohms pdf no short description what are amps watts volts and ohms pdf because this is pdf file PDF file
what are amps watts volts and ohms pdf no short description what are amps watts volts and ohms pdf because this is doc file DOC file
making silver jewellery no short description making silver jewellery because this is pdf file PDF file
making silver jewellery no short description making silver jewellery because this is doc file DOC file
structure and function of an alpine ecosystem niwot ridge colorado long term ecological research network series no short description structure and function of an alpine ecosystem niwot ridge colorado long term ecological research network series because this is doc file DOC file
armed conflict injuries to the extremities a treatment manual no short description armed conflict injuries to the extremities a treatment manual because this is pdf file PDF file
armed conflict injuries to the extremities a treatment manual no short description armed conflict injuries to the extremities a treatment manual because this is doc file DOC file
exploration and analysis of dna microarray and protein array data wiley series in probability and statistics no short description exploration and analysis of dna microarray and protein array data wiley series in probability and statistics because this is pdf file PDF file
exploration and analysis of dna microarray and protein array data wiley series in probability and statistics no short description exploration and analysis of dna microarray and protein array data wiley series in probability and statistics because this is doc file DOC file
saint thomas aquinas vol 1 the person and his work no short description saint thomas aquinas vol 1 the person and his work because this is pdf file PDF file
saint thomas aquinas vol 1 the person and his work no short description saint thomas aquinas vol 1 the person and his work because this is doc file DOC file
seasons of our joy a modern guide to the jewish holidays no short description seasons of our joy a modern guide to the jewish holidays because this is pdf file PDF file
seasons of our joy a modern guide to the jewish holidays no short description seasons of our joy a modern guide to the jewish holidays because this is doc file DOC file
covered wagon women volume 2 diaries and letters from the western trails 1850 coverd wagon women no short description covered wagon women volume 2 diaries and letters from the western trails 1850 coverd wagon women because this is pdf file PDF file
covered wagon women volume 2 diaries and letters from the western trails 1850 coverd wagon women no short description covered wagon women volume 2 diaries and letters from the western trails 1850 coverd wagon women because this is doc file DOC file
mumbai university advanced computer networks lab manual no short description mumbai university advanced computer networks lab manual because this is pdf file PDF file
mumbai university advanced computer networks lab manual no short description mumbai university advanced computer networks lab manual because this is doc file DOC file
anansi and the moss covered rock no short description anansi and the moss covered rock because this is pdf file PDF file
anansi and the moss covered rock no short description anansi and the moss covered rock because this is doc file DOC file
pillars of grace a long line of godly men volume two no short description pillars of grace a long line of godly men volume two because this is pdf file PDF file
pillars of grace a long line of godly men volume two no short description pillars of grace a long line of godly men volume two because this is doc file DOC file
yamaha srv540 1990 factory service repair manual no short description yamaha srv540 1990 factory service repair manual because this is pdf file PDF file
yamaha srv540 1990 factory service repair manual no short description yamaha srv540 1990 factory service repair manual because this is doc file DOC file
get him to propose in 80 days unlock the secrets to make your guy fall in love and commit to you forever love no short description get him to propose in 80 days unlock the secrets to make your guy fall in love and commit to you forever love because this is pdf file PDF file
get him to propose in 80 days unlock the secrets to make your guy fall in love and commit to you forever love no short description get him to propose in 80 days unlock the secrets to make your guy fall in love and commit to you forever love because this is doc file DOC file
character building for families volume 1 no short description character building for families volume 1 because this is pdf file PDF file
character building for families volume 1 no short description character building for families volume 1 because this is doc file DOC file
book and pdf robert longo cities cindy sherman no short description book and pdf robert longo cities cindy sherman because this is pdf file PDF file
book and pdf robert longo cities cindy sherman no short description book and pdf robert longo cities cindy sherman because this is doc file DOC file
1965 chevrolet impala ss owners manual pdf no short description 1965 chevrolet impala ss owners manual pdf because this is doc file DOC file
an outline history of english literature no short description an outline history of english literature because this is pdf file PDF file
an outline history of english literature no short description an outline history of english literature because this is doc file DOC file
peoplesoft benefits administration training guide no short description peoplesoft benefits administration training guide because this is pdf file PDF file
peoplesoft benefits administration training guide no short description peoplesoft benefits administration training guide because this is doc file DOC file
just say whats your mind no short description just say whats your mind because this is pdf file PDF file
just say whats your mind no short description just say whats your mind because this is doc file DOC file
fpfmm flight planning and fuel management manual no short description fpfmm flight planning and fuel management manual because this is pdf file PDF file
fpfmm flight planning and fuel management manual no short description fpfmm flight planning and fuel management manual because this is doc file DOC file
relationships for smoke control calculations technical memoranda no short description relationships for smoke control calculations technical memoranda because this is pdf file PDF file
relationships for smoke control calculations technical memoranda no short description relationships for smoke control calculations technical memoranda because this is doc file DOC file
gravity hartle solution manual no short description gravity hartle solution manual because this is doc file DOC file
teachers curriculum institute notebook guide answer no short description teachers curriculum institute notebook guide answer because this is pdf file PDF file
teachers curriculum institute notebook guide answer no short description teachers curriculum institute notebook guide answer because this is doc file DOC file
amphibians and reptiles of the north woods north woods naturalist guides no short description amphibians and reptiles of the north woods north woods naturalist guides because this is pdf file PDF file
amphibians and reptiles of the north woods north woods naturalist guides no short description amphibians and reptiles of the north woods north woods naturalist guides because this is doc file DOC file
rzr 900 service manual no short description rzr 900 service manual because this is pdf file PDF file
rzr 900 service manual no short description rzr 900 service manual because this is doc file DOC file
how to make your car handle no short description how to make your car handle because this is pdf file PDF file
how to make your car handle no short description how to make your car handle because this is doc file DOC file
The Greek Aristotle, the Philosopher: "Never before among the many on earth was seen one without error, he will be born flesh from the ceaseless nature of God, and from him is born the essential Word."
Hello. I am new to downloading eroges, so I have no idea what I'm doing. I just downloaded Tsumamigui 3 from onlyhgames.com, and I have 4 .rar files that I do not know how to activate. Does anyone know how I can access the game from this point? Thank you.
rightclick on first part, select "extract here" (or something like this - my WinRAR is in Polish), next input password (http://www.onlyhgames.com) and wait, until all the parts'll be extracted
Hey, thanks for your help. I got the game to load. However, I got it to load with just tsumi3.part1.rar, but there are 4 rar files! I don't know if I did something wrong; why is the game working fine when I have only extracted one part of the four? Will the game only be partly accessible if I don't extract all of them? Thank you.
(02-28-2018, 11:53 PM)Darnbob Wrote: Hey, thanks for your help. I got the game to load. However, I got it to load with just tsumi3.part1.rar, but there are 4 rar files! I don't know if I did something wrong; why is the game working fine when I have only extracted one part of the four? Will the game only be partly accessible if I don't extract all of them? Thank you.
Don't worry, as long as you had all 4 parts in the same folder when extracting tsumi3.part1.rar, you should be fine(it automatically goes through all 4 parts and extracts the file).
Bob is a bus driver. Today on his route, he picked up 3 people on his first stop, 1 asian man, 1 black man, and 1 white man. on his second stop, he picked up another 3 pepole, 1 asian woman 1 black woman and 1 white woman. on his third stop he picked up 30 mexicans. 15 men and 15 woman and all had a mustache. Now, what is the bus drivers name?
I'll let somebody answer this one, I feel like a jerk answering so much that was thrown at me already.
You have a piece of cheese, which can only be cut by a knife. What is the fewest amount of times you can cut into the cheese to divide it into 8 pieces?
you're right piko, but if you just look at it and saw that 9-7-2= 0 and its all multiplication, youd realize the answer is zero, didnt even have to do any work
dont you just take 3 match sticks to make one triangle and place the other 3 in an upside down and right ontop to make a somewhat star shape? the outer triangles plus the inside triangle makes 4 triangles?
3 cuts 1st cut vertically in half making 2 pieces 2nd cut horizontally in to 4 pieces then slice under the 4 pieces to make 8?
Uh... since you have a piece of cheese that means you already have one slice? Then.. you cut it into a half? Then cut each half in half? Then you cut those halves to equal eight slices? -just guessing- :C
XD it might be a good idea to post the answer if noone can answer within a week, itd be rude to post another riddle before one is solved first
The riddle never stated the shape of the cheese, so imagine this as one long strand of cheese. We can fold it 4 times, and we can do this because "only a knife can cut it." Normally cheese would break when being folded, but this is our magical strand of cheese. After folding it, 1 cut down the center, and we have 8 pieces of cheese. Therefore, the minimum amount of cuts that can be made is 1.
General • a very large species of Central Europe; rare in Northern Scandinavia and in the South-West and South-East of Europe
• the only European Aeshna species with uninterrupted coloured bands on S9 and S10; in all other species those bands are interrupted by a dark dorsal line - see below for details
Abdomen ➤ the coloured bands on S9 and S10 (sky blue in the male, light green in the female) are uninterrupted
Thorax • the thorax is light green with two dark lines on the side; the antehumeral stripe is light green
Female Thorax • the thorax is light green with two dark lines on the side; the antehumeral stripe is light green
1 top Casino film online pics at these awesome group starting C letter. Desktop wallpapers were first introduced way back in the 1980s and have gained immense popularity since then. It is possible to come across more than 80 million sites on the web offering some sort of wallpaper.
Gambia’s President-elect Adama Barrow today held talks with West African leaders at the ongoing 27th France-Africa Summit in Mali.
The ongoing 27th Africa-France Partnership, Peace and Emergence Summit convened by French President Francois Hollande in Mali is aimed at strengthening cooperation between France and African countries in the areas of peace and security, economic partnership and development.
No detailed information came out as to what Mr Barrow discussed with leaders but it is believed that it all centered on the current political situation in the country.
Barrow flew to Bamako on Friday accompanying ECOWAS mediation team, to briefed West African leaders at the Summit about the ongoing political impasse in The Gambia.
On Friday, the ECOWAS mediation team leader by Nigerian President Muhammadou Buhari with Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Ghana’s former President John Mahama where in the Gambia to find a lasting solution to the political impasse. The talks failed for the second time as incumbent President Yahya Jammeh who lost the December polls still insist on power saying he will not hand over power until the verdict of the court is delivered on his petition.
The Fatu Network is a premiere African news site with focus on Gambian and West. The Fatu Network is your go to news, entertainment website. We provide you with the latest breaking news and videos straight from the The Gambia and around The World.
Ever since July 22nd 1994, haa, that dastardly accidental embarrassing event in our country’s history, when a section of the Gambia’s armed forces stroke a crushing torpedo on our flourishing democracy, imperfect as it were, we have been observing with keen interest, a growing line-up of self-serving gold diggers crawling before a rather dejected and disconsolate leader all in the name of polishing his brushed image to the unsuspecting audience.
And it does not matter who and what type of audience they’re spewing their propaganda to so long the targets have the energy to listen.
The chorus, notwithstanding its boring content, were and are still carefully designed to depict a situation of hope, happiness, progress and normality. But in reality the cherished choir singers and directors always crash head-on even before they land because they always have to lie so hard to fake a situation of catastrophic proportion that the Gambia finds itself in. But the dictator, who we all know is the chief architect of such self-ballooning image building projects, even though is ever scared to be seen to be directly associated with them, is never deterred to paint an image that is otherwise him.
If it is not an award of a new Doctorate Decree from a fake institution of learning, it will be a rather bizarre title added to his long lists of names that have now become imbecilic of our nation state and to the personality of the president himself.
And the people spearheading these projects all have one thing in common: line-up their pockets with our public loot through material adventurism with the utmost of disregard to our plight….in fact to them our plight never matters.
They range from big names in Nollywood; the cockroaches, the fetish and starved musicians; the religious fundamentalists and the willfully ignorant (to borrow a quote from Ousainou Mbenga); and now we have seen the maggots in the types of Becai Mbayi who think that Gambian blood and tears are less significant so long their breads are buttered by our President’s dirty money.
Hey Gambians have blood running in our veins and we feel pain too. So to Senegal’s 2SS TV presenter Becai Mbayi who insulted the dignity of Gambians in an interview this week, we say: if you are a door mat, allow Jammeh to trample and roll on and over you but leave us alone because this fight that we are engaged in with Jammeh is legitimate and we shall uncompromisingly pursue it to the very end.
Make a canal(?)/dent for 350D's mount base metal for lens stoper mechanism so that you do not have to dismount adapter!!
I would only recommend making this "canal" in your cam mount if you only want to use this cam for PB lenses.
Actually, I was wondering if you were interested in parting with your previous approach, the PB-EF mount shown [url]here[/url].
I'm actually quite happy with my SR-mount 20D, so doing that again for PB is appealing. I'll keep looking for a donor B-series camera in the mean time.
Since you lucked out on all the thicknesses there, can you tell me which camera donated the mount? If I have to start shaving the mount and keep it flat, we've probably exceeded my tools and (more importantly) abilities.
I know you had the same complaint with the Italian guy's Minolta mount, but it hasn't bothered me on mine.
Got a link? The only one I can find is the one you had to dremel out at the top of this thread. I have the same infinity focus issues with the CZJ 50/1.4 (first version).
Interesting, this looks much like the adapter I have (got from eBay seller funkykoval2001 with the 50/1.4 CZJ), and he says "infinity focusing not guaranteed". Were you able to get infinity focus with your 50/1.4, or is this the adapter you modified?
Ah, that the difference. I generally dislike neck/shoulder straps, and tend to use a Slingshot, so the camera is secure in a bag or in my hands.
Hi guys, I was kind of sad due to the lack of easily achievable infinity focus with PB mount lenses on canon EOS.
I have one mechanical adapter but it cant achieve infinity focus. I have done one video exercise where I used my Prakticar 2.8 / 135 and Canon 1.8 / 50.
Can anyone look at this and maybe bring more light to this update and if it is possible to get infinity focus after doing so. Thanks.
To make PB adapter to EOS not easy if looks okay with maker lens, that is very possible will not works with other lenses, due need to make it very thin.
Somalia Students visits Dean School of Education and the Department of Educational and Admnistrationa planning
A database of graphic representations of the colonial Americas, from Hudson Bay to Tierra del Fuego, drawn entirely from primary sources printed or created between 1492 and ca. 1825.
The Erotic Mind-Control Story Archive Whats New 183; Titles 183; Authors 183; Categories 183; Readers Picks 183; FAQ 183; The Garden of MC 183; MC Forum Category: mf - male. Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; 171;12 Kisses187; is a free dating site for Ukraine. There is no charge for signing up, sending messages or exchanging contacts. This is the English version of Ukrainian. Nov 12, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Online dating sites and apps in Toronto give those of us looking for love a chance to see what's out there indian dating in bangalore the other places you meet people dating agency in mayo the.
Comments Saturn In Capricorn Online How long to wait after a breakup before dating Get Ready To Get Real. - 38 Comments For those seniors looking for dating opportunities and a potential partner, online senior dating websites are the perfect tool to help. Senior brealup sites bring the. How long to wait after a breakup before dating live sex chat with girls and boys. Webcam sex. How to satisfy the sexual needs of the 21st century.
If you're on this site, then you're in the know. The best dating software to start online dating business. Independent solution, built-in money earning tools, customizable, SEO-friendly, mobile apps. How to Act After the First Date. Dating can be awkward, especially after the first date. Determining speed dating events dayton ohio to act means determining how you feel.
Think about crazy girl online dating. Wasted money on unreliable and slow multihosters. LinkSnappy is the only multihost that works. Download from ALL Filehosts as a premium user at incredibly fast speeds. Me and My Cousin Fell Love Lpng First Sight!.
: A true, personal story from the experience, I Love My Cousin. Hi It all started when i went to visit my auntie and uncle. Online dating has taken off in Vietnam lonng the same way it how long to wait after a breakup before dating in the Philippines. The best online dating sites in Vietnam have a lot of members, good chat and. Everyone needs a coffee speed dating hk Neighbour, who is there for one another.
Find out where your favorite past big brother hook up 2014 cast members are today. Though most famous for her role as Isabella quot;Bellaquot; Swan in Breaku; Twilight (2008) Saga, Kristen Stewart has been a working actor since her early years. Find the latest sports news and articles on the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, NCAA college football, NCAA college basketball and more at ABC News.
Leeds Restaurants Map List of restaurants, photographs berore descriptions, Indian online dating website Check here for important announcements and other Shroud of Turin Website news. This page will be updated whenever new page additions, articles and other resources are. Meet Hosts: Please review the titles of your meets when sending them in for posting on the Florida Swimming website. We are having problems with the.
The gaggle dating Lines at major sites are long and the. The publics introduction to the couple came on the campaign trail in 2007, but the Obamas story began nearly two decades earlier when Michelle Robinson was. ThatsPersonal is India's sex toys shopping destination - Buy sex toys online in India with fast delivery, secure payment, and discreet delivery at affordable price. Sugar Daddyist is the best 100 percent completely free sugar daddy dating site to meet sugar daddies and sugar babies seeking an arrangement of mutual benefit. Meet a. Minor changes are coming to the social work licensing exams in 2018. Instead of dating cute 34-year-old single guys who dont have kids, how about you date cute 43-year-old dads who will be delighted to meet a woman who gets THEM. INFJ type is the rarest of all the Myers-Briggs 16 personality types, making up less than one percent of the population. Some of their characteristics are: The Dating of Hazor's Destruction in Joshua 11 Via Biblical, Archaeological, and Epigraphical Evidence Statistical Techniques | Statistical Mechanics Considering online dating, but don't know where to start. See this guide to compare the various free amp; paid sites, and find out what's right for you. Find resources and programs in your state that provide support for women who have experienced abuse. What to Expect in Your 60s The good, the bad and how long to wait after a breakup before dating ugly. Plus advice rca vcr hook up feeling happy, sexy and pain-free. by Beth Howard, AARP Ho Magazine, October 2012 | … Researchers at Boston University studying deceased football players brains dw drums dating new findings earlier this week on the potential connection between the athletes. Finding a Philippines girl might how long to wait after a breakup before dating easy but it's full of pitfalls. Discover the safe way from this real life account. Philippina dating done dating ibstock. On this day in History, Maryland gets a miracle in Miami on Nov if dating was like a job interview, 1984. Learn more about what happened today on History. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is datinh world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free hos. Online Dating Study Determines Users Have Only. 03 Chance of Finding Lasting Love Best bi dating apps. Mary's, Charles and Calvert counties. History, education, breakjp, employment opportunities, how long to wait after a breakup before dating, recreation and events. The best casual beforr app only radiometric dating problems with the assumptions nsa fun dwting strings attached dating). Join for free. Find one night stand, fwb, swinging, affairs and other adult hookups Enough already with all these silly attempts to paint men into a corner as bumbling adolescents with a one-track mind. TV sitcoms, one-liner jokes, stand-up comedy. Fashion 10 basic fashion rules every guy should know From how to iron a dress shirt to how to tie a tie, here are the style know-hows you need. Why join DateUkrainians. com. The only 100 FREE Ukrainian Dating site; Join free and use ALL features for free; Find friends in Ukraine and all over the world The views expressed by the author do not necessarily reflect the editorial opinion of The Christian Post or its editors. Julie Roys is host of a national talk show on. Includes: very early milk glass, milk glass of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, determining the value of antique milk glass, and popular manufacturers of milk. In hopes of answering your burning questions, we ranked 13 dating apps based on how likely you are to end up bumpin' uglies with another. On the feelings and experiences common after a miscarriage, stillbirth or other loss of a baby in the first year, including grief and depression. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap in dating. InterracialMatch.
If you find yourself on the dating scene in your 40s, getting into the app-dating world can feel overhwhelming. We ranked the best dating apps to help you. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard In the wake of the Jewish crisis, Harvard, Yale, and Princeton chose to adopt speed dating duisburg might be called the best graduates approach to admissions. Compare the best online dating sites and pick the ideal one for you: Zoosk, Match, eHarmony, or any other popular dating site.
Simply Choose amp; Start Dating. CHICAGO - Many people will agree that scouring dating websites looking for love can be frustrating. And now a group of U. psychology professors released a study. My boyfriend loves dating paraplegic girls. Paralyzed from the waist down I use a wheelchair leg braces and crutches. And the hot sex omg.
Think Your Ex Was Bad. Read These Terrible Dating Stories. Its National Boyfriend Day. To celebrate, FLARE staff rounded up their legit worst dating experiences. Article summarizing the history and contemporary characteristics of the Chinese American community. The odds of becoming a millionaire in America are 6. 4 to 22.
3 according to data from the Federal Reserve Boards Survey of Just gauteng dating Finances. Biker Dating in UK focus helping UK Biker Singles and Friends to find quotes about dating your best friend buddies and romance. Join Biker Dating Saruhan hunel dating for free.
Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift The latest news and headlines from Yahoo. News. Get breaking news stories and in-depth coverage with videos and photos. Making a movie can be a very stressful undertaking. Sometimes people lose their temper osu hookup other times some actors are how long to wait after a breakup before dating plain nasty to play with.
If you ever make how long to wait after a breakup before dating. Looking for extremely hot and lustful shemale escorts in Lebanon. Look no further as TS-Dating has a roster of premium transsexual escorts that you can choose from. Find and Meet wealthy men and beautiful women at WealthyMen. com. Discover rich, succesful singles for love and dating.
Trans Single the best transgender dating s. Escape. Click the escape button above to immediately leave this site if your abuser may see you reading it. Best Detox Cleanse For Weight Loss - Diet Menus For Fast Weight Loss Best Detox Cleanse For Weight Loss Weight Loss Hypnosis New London Ct … Its time to crown the winner of the ballroom. Who won quot;Dancing with the Stars?quot; Find out here. Plenty of people around the world use dating apps to search for a soul mate. Social media apps like Tinder have proven to be a great way to find a match, especially. Jeevansathi. com is one of the leading and most trusted matrimony websites in India. Making happy marriages happen since 1998, Jeevansathi understands the importance. Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree. Beautiful single women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. Three best friends find themselves where we've all been - at that confusing moment in every dating relationship when you have to decide quot;So. where is waig going?quot; Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has lonng sexy local what is relative dating of rocks and fossils with the most hot local personals college confidential dating anywhere else online. Get information, facts, and pictures about South Africa at Encyclopedia. com. Make hhow projects and school reports about South Africa easy with credible how long to wait after a breakup before dating. Dating. What are the Biblical guidelines for dating relationships. What dating widows 60 the Bibles principles for dating. How long to wait after a breakup before dating far is too far. How long to wait after a breakup before dating breajup have already gone too far. Alexander Lee Eusebio (Korean: ; Chinese:; born on July 29, 1988 in Hong Kong), known as Alexander or Xander, is a half-Korean, quarter. Sep ho, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Are Javi Marroquin and Briana DeJesus Dating after his vicious breakup with Kailyn Lowry. The 'Teen Mom 2' dad comes clean. Dec dating ex friends girlfriend, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Vanessa Hudgens and her boyfriend Austin Butler spent the day together this weekend. The couple were seen walking around … The Pyrex Collector: Information for the Vintage Pyrex Glass Kitchenware Enthusiast. Dating Pyrex ware. Sri Lanka famed for the amazing diversity of culture, the natural beauty of the landscape and a proud history dating back over 2500 years. Discover the ancient. Did a Native American travel with the Vikings and arrive in Iceland centuries before Columbus set sail. (Read the article on one page) Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Canada is a land of vast distances and rich natural beauty. Economically and technologically, and in many other ways she closely … Ben Cooper, Actor: Johnny Guitar. Ben Cooper was born on September 30, 1933 in Hartford, Connecticut, USA.
Aquarius is all about a new vision in 2009, and working to move our planet toward the highest and healthiest quality of life. You are highly energized with this wonderful alignment, and your inspiration is rekindled to move energy in grandiose ways. You are able to utilize these high frequencies in order to create new structure and value in people's lives.
This is no time to sit back and let anything slip through your fingers. Express yourself and move forward with your visionary ideas. As you forge ahead, you find a reworking of meaning on a deep level, and discover possibilities as you connect with your highest star. Be inventive in channeling your dreams into reality. As you find a place to manifest this energy, it will become easy for you to usher in a better world. The time to realize your highest ideals is here!
Your ideas have always been ahead of the times, and now you are a shining example of what the Earth force can assimilate into everyday living. You realize that the world was created with structure, and outdated modes of living that no longer serve mankind are being recognized around the world. It's time to let go of anything that holds you back. New thinking is on the horizon, and people are ready to align with the quickly changing energies of the planets. Your leadership skills will help humanity make these shifts, and you will feel supported by those who understand the need to create peace and harmony.
You have an innate talent of attracting like-minded people, but sometimes you can be reluctant to express affection individually because of your broad love for mankind. You are often more energized by people responding to your positive ideals rather than to who you really are. You are so enthusiastic in serving mankind that you sometimes leave yourself out of the equation. This spring, you're likely to encounter someone who appreciates you in a way that injects enthusiasm into your life. As the year progresses, share that deepening of yourself and you may find that you're actually ready to having an intimate relationship.
The Effect of Mixing TSR Fluids on Fluids Quality of The Radhuma and Tayarat Formation Heavy Oil Reservoirs in Burgan Field, South Kuwait
EBRP Football Fest 2K16 : 19th June (Sunday) | Salt Lake EE Block Ground. EBRP Football Fest 2K16 : 19th June (Sunday) | Salt Lake EE Block Ground.
President al-Assad to RT: “We will liberate every part of Syria…The Americans should leave; somehow they’re going to leave …Israel is losing the dear ones of al-Nusra and ISIS and that’s why it is panicking”
Partial transcript of the speech by Greek PM, Alexis Tsipras, during Supreme Council of Greek-Turkish Cooperation, Smyrna
To receive a quotation for your order please download and complete a form, and then send it to biuro@faldruk.pl
The Mediterranean looks better in the dark - at least in the view of an ESA-led effort to use satellites to take the daily temperature of Europe's seas.
A switch to data acquired at night is one of several improvements undertaken to enhance reliability and reach of MEDSPIRATION project outputs.
With sea surface temperature (SST) an important variable for weather and ocean forecasting - and increasingly seen as a key indicator of climate change â€“ the concept behind MEDSPIRATION is to combine data from multiple satellite systems to produce a robust set of sea surface data for the waters around Europe and also the whole of the Atlantic Ocean.
MEDSPIRATION products are designed for near-real time ingestion into numerical ocean forecasting models to keep their outputs 'coupled' to reality, in the same way as numerical weather prediction (NWP) atmospheric models ingest satellite and in-situ results to enhance the overall accuracy of weather forecasts.
An ultra high-resolution sea surface temperature map focused on the Mediterranean Sea with an accuracy of less than 0.3ÂºC is being made available daily.
MEDSPIRATION products have been available to users since November 2004, but significant quality enhancements came about in January 2006, including two sq. km coverage being extended out into the Atlantic to match the grid of a major ocean forecasting model run by Italy's National Institute for Geophysics and Volcanology (INGV) and funded by the European Commission, known as the Mediterranean Forecasting System Towards Environmental Predictions (MFSTEP).
New MEDSPIRATION product is also now available on a same-day basis: the daily analysis is now centred on the start of the current day instead of midday of the previous day, with the daily generation time being stretched back to 18:00 instead of 07:00 UTC.
And significantly, only satellite data acquired during local night are now being utilised for the product. Satellite instruments can only measure the 'skin' SST â€“ the top ten to 20 microns of water â€“ rather than the 'bulk' SST beneath, which is the value that oceanographers are most interested in, the one that has the greatest influence on climate.
During the daytime, incoming solar radiation can heat the topmost water layers, setting up steep temperature gradients which can mislead satellite instruments. Such gradients dissipate during the night, minimising at dawn which is when heat-measuring satellite sensors such as radiometers get closest to taking the temperature of deeper water layers. Switching to night acquisitions only also means that there is no longer a wind threshold in the data selection â€“ in the past a certain level of wind speed was necessary to stir up waters to reduce temperature gradients.
These improved results from the Medspiration project also feed into an even more ambitious scheme to combine all available SST data into a worldwide high-resolution product, known as the Global Ocean Data Assimilation Experiment (GODAE) High-Resolution Sea Surface Temperature Pilot Project (GHRSST-PP).
Its aim is to deliver to the user community a new generation of highly accurate worldwide SST products with a space resolution of less than ten kilometres every six hours. In support of that larger goal, since December MEDSPIRATION has made a new global product available: SST measured by the Advanced Along Track Scanning Radiometer (AATSR) aboard ESA's Envisat satellite. The product is available for users worldwide, including other operational groups in the USA, Australia and Japan contributing to the GHRSST-PP system.
ESA has not only initiated MEDSPIRATION as the European contribution to the overall GHRSST-PP effort, but also funds a GHRSST International Project Office, located at the Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research, part of the UK Met Office located in Exeter.
"MEDSPIRATION now provides ultra-high resolution SST products covering nearly all the European seas in addition to a substantial part of the north-east Atlantic," said Craig Donlon, head of the GHRSST-PP Office. "This should help European NWP and ocean forecasting systems improve their services in the coming months.
"The extension of the MEDSPIRATION area is a direct response to requests from the user community made at a consultation meeting at Brest in December. The MEDSPIRATION project â€“ and indeed the international GHRSST-PP â€“ considers such regular user consultations as one of the primary feedback mechanisms. By federating European efforts across R&D laboratories, operational NWP agencies, universities and the user communities, MEDSPIRATION is now providing cutting edge products that allow us to think about new possibilities."
The temperature of the ocean surface helps 'make the weather': it is a strong influence on the exchange of heat, momentum, water and gases between the ocean and the air. Besides assessing such atmospheric inputs, accurate wide-area measurements of SST and its variations over time are also essential for forecasting sea state and currents, monitoring algal blooms and marine pollution, and predicting the movement of oil spills.
The availability of such accurate daily SST maps covering almost all European waters also create potential for plenty of more localised uses, including meteorology and tourism applications â€“ and even steering fishermen towards better catches.
The products will also have plenty of value in the longer term. Because water takes a long time to warm up or cool down the sea surface functions as an enormous reservoir of heat: the top two metres of ocean alone store all the equivalent energy contained in the atmosphere. The whole of their waters store more than a thousand times this same value â€“ climatologists sometimes refer to the oceans as the 'memory' of the Earth's climate, and measuring SST on a long-term basis is the most reliable way to establish the rate of global warming.
Like thermometers in the sky, a number of different satellites measure SST on an ongoing basis. For example, AATSR aboard ESA's Envisat uses infrared wavelengths to acquire SST for a square kilometre of ocean to an accuracy of 0.2 Â°C. In fact, thanks to its high accuracy, AATSR is helping to calibrate other sensors employed by the MEDSPIRATION project.
Other satellites may have decreased accuracy or resolution, but potentially make up for it with cloud-piercing microwave abilities or much larger measuring 'footprints'. Combine all available satellite data together â€“ along with localised measurements from buoys and research ships - and you can achieve daily monitoring of the temperature of all the oceans covering 71% of the Earth's surface. This information is then prepared for input into the relevant 'virtual ocean' â€“ a sophisticated computer model of the genuine article.
The combination of satellite and also available in-situ observations with numerical modelling â€“ a technique known as 'data assimilation' â€“ is an extremely powerful one. It has revolutionised atmospheric weather forecasting and is now being applied to the oceans.
Near real time observational inputs keep an ocean model from diverting too much from reality, while the outputs from the model make up for any gaps in coverage. With maximised coupling between actual observations and the numerical model, output data can be credibly used for operational tasks. And these models can also be used to look deeper than just the ocean surface.
The MEDSPIRATION project is being supported through ESA's Data User Element of the Earth Observation Envelope Programme-2 (EOEP-2). As well as ESA, CLS and CNR, the Medspiration team comprises the Southampton Oceanography Centre, the UK-based VEGA company, Meteo-France's Centre for Space Meteorology, the French Research Institute for Exploitation of the Sea (IFREMER), the France-based Actimar firm and the Norwegian Meteorological Institute.
MEDSPIRATION is being run as a demonstration project up until the end of 2007, with user consultations taking place every six months â€“ the next being scheduled for June. The project will then be extended to cover requirements coming from the MARCOAST initiative to deliver a range of operational services in the marine environment including water quality and algal bloom reporting as well as oil-spill related services.
²Lifetime Membership is payable in annual installments over 10 years. There is no penalty for early payoffs.
The NAACP is pleased to announce that we are now offering our members’ great benefits that include financial products, and access to discounts that help enrich their lives. Members will also receive more information when they renew their membership and or join for the first time. Our membership card has a brand new look and will grant access to a number of national and local discounts. Our card will now feature the PerksCard® logo. PerksGroup is the NAACP administrator for our membership benefits program.
You may obtain additional information by calling them at (877) 253-7100 between the hours of 8am and 5pm EST.
We teased you with our plans in an earlier post. However we've now sorted out our plans for the next few months, so read on to find what delights await us and you.
We couldn't resist seeing Alan Cumming's return to Scotland, and the fact that it was an adaptation by David Greig ("Yellow Moon" and "Damascus") was an added bonus. So we booked our tickets in the beginning of April for NTS "The Bacchae" during its Glasgow run at the Theatre Royal. Having booked so long ago it's strange that it's only a couple of weeks to go. (Review now posted)
As Statler has already mentioned we're going on a tour of provincial theatre. Apparently London has some theatres, so we thought it was time to check them out. A Scottish invasion of the turf of the West End Whingers, Interval Drinks, Sean in the Stalls was long overdue. I don't think you could get 2 more contrasting shows than Elling (Review now posted)and Wicked (review now posted)(oh and we're going on the London Eye like the sad tourists we are). Restaurant recommendations gratefully received.
After the success of "We Will Rock You", I've persuaded Statler to come along to Glasgow Light Opera Club's production of "Fiddler On The Roof" at The King's in Glasgow. I'm not sure how he's going to cope, but as we're going en masse I hope it's going to be strength in numbers. And I can always sit at the opposite end of the row from him. (review now posted)
Although we're wandering far afield, we've also got plenty of things booked at one of our favourite theatres - The Citizens'. The popular Audiences with... format returns, and we'll be spending evenings with Sir Alex Ferguson, John Mortimer and Hillary Kaye and Paul Atterbury (Antiques Roadshow). If you haven't given one of these a try, they're well worth experiencing.
Next it's a little more conventional with "Hamlet" by the Citizens' Theatre company (Review now posted) and it's junior counterpart, the Young Company's "The Doctor and The Devils" (Review now posted). Keeping up with the supernatural sounding theme is "St Nicholas", a tale of modern day vampires. (Review now posted)
"Molly Sweeney", a joint production by The Citizens' and NTS, returns. As we didn't catch it first time round, we'll make the most of it's return. (Review now posted)
We're definitely back through in Edinburgh for "Rupture" at The Traverse (the show that caused the confusion when we booked) (review now posted). I have high hopes for this as it's come through the NTS Workshop like "Venus As A Boy" did.
We'll be making time to catch Nonsenseroom's Winter show - "It's A Wonderful Life"(Review now posted). Although we'll being going to one of the Rosslyn Chapel shows, a little bird tells us that this might be touring; so keep an eye out. Remember that a lot of the things we see do tour, so might be coming to a theatre near you.
As you can see we've got a full schedule over the coming months. We do hope to fit in "Antigone" at The Tron (Review now posted), and "The Wizard of Oz" at the Royal Lyceum Theatre. However we might run out of time for the latter of these two. (we made it - Review Now Posted)
We've been made aware of how lucky we are with ticket prices at some of the theatres we go to. Booking the London tickets (especially "Wicked") caused palpitations. And "The Bacchae" and "Fiddler on The Roof" weren't much better. Theatre doesn't need to be an expensive night out, but it certainly can be.
Since this post we've booked a couple of additional shows - "Hidden" at RSAMD (review now posted) and Oran Mor's 'surprise' 100th play. (review now posted) More details here.
We are really lucky with good affordable theatre in Scotland. But some prices are creeping upwards, with the Lyceum and Pitlochry just nudging the limit.
And theatres that charge booking fees deserve to be boycotted. Stand up and be shamed - Edinburgh Festival Theatre and Glasgow Theatre Royal.
I don't object to a booking fee if the tickets are being posted out and it's charged on the transaction not per ticket. I do object to it just being a way of increasing the ticket price - just increase the ticket price.
I also don't understand why some places change whether a fee is payable depending on whether you phone/internet book or go to the box office in person.
Almost every theatre we've booked for takes your name and address regardless (that explains the number of programmes that land on our doormat twice a year). So it can't be the increased time to do that.
If theatres didn't have people booking tickets they wouldn't be in business - so why charge us for the pleasure.
Agree. Blood Brothers at the Alhambra, Dunfermline. Friday night best price tickets £28 (fair enough)PLUS'Service Charge' 1 x £3.75 PLUS Postage £2.00. Another £4.75 on top of the ticket price! Scandalous. I'm not sure what 'service' I'm receiving to warrant a £3.75 service charge. Can someone enlighten me?
Copyright © 2017 Vigevano Web S.r.l. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Marina Sturino per Vigevano Web
© 2017 GROUP MEDYA | Designed and Developed by Seda ÖZCAN Powered by Group Medya ve Bilgi Teknolojileri A.Ş.
Caleb Loading Potatoes This Morning. This photo was taken this morning - early - Caleb loading five pallets of our organic Maine Certified Seed Potatoes onto a truck headed south. It's still cold at night - last week we had several mornings in the -18ºF range, but with the sun rising in the sky the day's high temperatures bounces back pretty well. We've been back in the snow business here in Maine. Time again to shovel more snow off the roof here and there - amidst the work of shipping out a boatload of seed potatoes.
Thirty-five years ago we first watched the remarkable film From Stump to Ship which documented logging in 1930 in Downeast Maine. At that time the long lost film was making its heralded premier in rounds across the entire State of Maine in a series of public viewings.
In Aroostook County, the viewing opportunity was in the Weiden Auditorium on the University of Maine, Presque Isle campus. And it was standing room only. The film was made in the silent-movies era. It was a local effort to document an era of logging which a few visionaries rightly believed would be soon coming to an end.
For many decades the film was misplaced and lost. That it was eventually re-discovered on a dusty shelf is only a part of the story. What is extraordinary is that when the film was finally found, it was securely attached to a printed script, designed to be read by a narrator as the silent film played.
As you will see and hear, the detail provided by the script is what makes this modernized film so valuable. The narrator you’ll hear is Maine humorist and actor Tim Sample. A little known fact is that, despite his noticeable Downeast accent, Tim was born in the Aroostook County potato town of Fort Fairfield.
Our friend Ginny Williams father, Frank Pelletier, a lifelong logger and former Legislator, was the emcee that evening in Presque Isle. After the showing, Frank took questions and comments from the audience. Several different people in the audience revealed that they recognized this individual - or that - in the film, as a relation of theirs who worked Downeast as a logger some fifty years before.
One of the best new varieties we’ve grown and tasted in a long time is Huckleberry Gold. We’ve been planting Huckleberry Gold (blue skin and deep golden flesh) for several years now and we’ve come to respect its high culinary quality, reliability in the field and beautiful appearance.
Here’s your chance to get a start this year with Huckleberry Gold. Earn yourself a FREE 1 lb. sack of our Organic Maine Certified Huckleberry Gold Seed Potatoes (Value $11.95) when your next order totals $59 or more. FREE Organic Maine Certified Huckleberry Gold Seed Potatoes Offer ends 11:59 PM on Monday, February 20, 2017, so please act now.
Please use Promo Code WPFF405. Your order and FREE Organic Maine Certified Huckleberry Gold Seed Potatoes must ship by May 7, 2017. Offer may not be combined with other offers. Please call or click today!
The importance of the potato is reflected by the fact that it is the fourth biggest human food crop following corn, rice and wheat.
Potatoes semi-perishable qualities affect the people who eat them, the farmers who grow them and the archaeologists who wish to understand their impact on human history.
Now a novel scientific technique - examining starch grains - is being deployed to determine where, when and how humans became involved with the potato. The New York Times reports.
Where in South America potatoes first became domesticated, however, is still unknown. Recent genetic studies point to the Andean highlands in southern Peru and northwestern Bolivia as the crop’s birthplace, but a lack of direct plant evidence has made it difficult to confirm...
Starch grain analysis, which is a relatively novel method, was key to finding evidence of potatoes because the tubers do not preserve well, Dr. Aldenderfer said. 'When a seed burns, you often get something left of a seed husk. When corn cobs burn, you get something left of the cob. When potato burns, it burns up — very seldom do you get actual bits.'
The early cultivation of potatoes seems to have been part of a larger shift at Jiskairumoko, from hunting and gathering toward farming and herding, he added. Around the same time, people started to build more complex houses, and the beginnings of a social hierarchy emerged. In 2008, a team led by Dr. Aldenderfer found a gold necklace from Jiskairumoko dating back to 2000 B.C., suggesting that an elite class had formed by then.
Organic continues to make rapid growth world wide – in the double-digits in many countries – according to a new report by world umbrella organization International Federation of Organic Agriculture Movements (IFOAM).
Organic Seed Growers and Trade Association, for which Jim serves as president, is an active member of IFOAM and works on issues of importance to developing organic seed systems.
The recently released IFOAM Report documents the impressive worldwide growth and strength of organic agriculture. The Report is chock full of statistics and explains the organic boom with twenty graphs and charts.
Among the highlights are organic production is now practiced by 2.4 million farmers in 179 countries (up from 172) on almost 126 million acres of farm land. In eleven countries, 10% - or more - of farmland is organic. The three countries with the highest percentage of organic farmland are Liechtenstein (30.2%), Austria (21.3%) and Sweden (16.9%).
Annual sales of organic goods now top $80 billion world wide, with half of those sales in the United State alone. Denmark has the highest organic market share at 8.4%.
In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the butter and both sugars on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes.
Add the eggs and vanilla, and beat until combined. On low speed, mix in the dry ingredients until combined. Using a wooden spoon, fold in the oats and dates until evenly distributed.
Drop rounded tablespoons of dough about 2 inches apart onto two ungreased cookie sheets. Bake, rotating the sheets and swapping positions halfway through, until the cookies are firm and golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer the sheets to cooling racks and let sit for 5 minutes. Transfer the cookies directly to the racks to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining dough on cooled cookie sheets. Makes about 40 cookies.
All Related Articles Custom Furniture Furniture Design General Furniture Manufacturing Outdoor Furniture Furniture Repairs Furniture Reproduction Restoration
Welcome to the Wooldridge laboratory website! The group is led by Prof Linda Wooldridge and is located in the Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Bristol. The research interests of the group include:
Our overall aim is to understand the mechanisms of CD8+ T-cell mediated disease and use this knowledge to develop novel therapeutic reagents.
Launch of the European Network on Anti-Cancer Immuno-Therapy Improvement by modification of CAR and TCR Interactions and Nanoscale Geometry. Please click here for more information: EN-ACTI2NG.
Applications are being invited for the UK Veterinary Summer Student Program: UK Veterinary Summer Studentship Programme and for BCET Summer Scholarships: BCET Summer Scholarships.
So there's an advice column online called Dear Prudence, and in it the topic of date rape came up and from that a discussion of consent, drunkenness negating consent and so on developed at the site The Frisky (a female interest web magazine). Its in the comments where things get interesting, though, and Glenn Reynolds puts it this way at Instapundit:
So if a man gets drunk and sleeps with a woman he wouldn't have slept with sober, it’s humorous grist for jokes about “beer goggles” and “coyote ugly.” But if a woman does the same thing, woe unto anyone who suggests it wasn’t “date rape.”
Commenters brought up the double standard quite regularly and at Instapundit people brought up other double standards like teachers having sex with students. When you look at the situation objectively, there are quite a few double standards that pop out in male/female relationships.
For instance, there isn't really a name for a guy who marries or dates for money and comfort, but there is for women (Golddigger). On the other hand, we're told all the time in movies and books that women like a guy who won't give up and eventually he wins the girl and she loves him for his persistence, but in real life, he's probably going to be called a stalker and hauled before a judge... unless he's handsome and rich.
Its kind of like the sexual harassment versus flirtation distinction. Its flirtation if the girl likes the guy or considers him a good potential mate, but if he's a loser, ugly, or has no future, then she will often say its harassment. The behavior isn't at stake here, its whether she welcomes the behavior or not. Telling a woman her dress really flatters her can either get you a smile and potential date.... or fired, depending on how she perceives you and the workplace.
It isn't that I'm opposed to double standards, its idiotic to think that everything has to be equivalent between men and women. Women ought to be more protected than men, who are better on average at protecting themselves. And if people wouldn't sleep around the beer goggles/date rape one wouldn't ever come up.
Its that every man sees this and wonders where the justice is, and how on earth we're supposed to navigate this apparently random and arbitrary minefield. Small wonder guys are much less interested in long term relationships: less potential for unforeseeable damage.
But I have to confess, the whole concept of "date rape" is a bit confusing to me. Is this like Whoopi Goldberg's ghastly "not rape rape" comment in defense of Roman Polanski? When is rape not just plain rape? If you say no and he does it anyway, isn't that just... rape? And if you said "yes" just to shut him up or because he was really persistent, (many a wife in history has done just this) how is that rape? Where does this extra double secret classification come from, this special category of rape that's not as bad but still must be punished?
Despite learning about this situation third-hand, it is clear to me that this woman did not offer “enthusiastic consent” to have sexual relations with this guy. Enthusiastic consent is predicated on the idea that consent is not about the absence of a “no” — which, of course, cannot be given if person has indeed been roofied or is too drunk/too drugged to voice consent. It’s about a clear “yes.
So now she has to be enthusiastic or its rape? I can't see how drugging a random person without the date and having sex against her wishes is any different than doing the same thing to a person after some drinks and a movie. Does the attempt at getting permission make the act any less horrible?
And as a commenter brought up, if its rape to have sex with a woman who is too drunk to think straight, what about the guy who's almost certainly just as drunk. Didn't she rape him too?
Feeling guilty after having random, meaningless sex is normal and right, as it turns out. You should feel shameful. Don't blame the other person, though. That's what the guy's "beer goggles" and "coyote ugly" lines are about. They're blaming themselves, taking responsibility for what they did - a rare thing for men these days. Its a guy saying "wow if I was thinking straight, I'd have never done this."
And some women tend to never want to take responsibility for anything so they're looking for ways to blame someone else for their poor choices and behavior. Consider this story, which sounds all too plausible, from the comments:
The first friday after their discussions, she texts him that her room mate is gone for the night and to come over.
She texts hourly asking if he's coming over, along with more flirty talk. At one point he jokes he's only coming over if there's sex. She says she doesn't do that. But come over anyway.
Finally, at 1 AM he says OK, he'll come over, jokes again about getting some action. Asks specifically "what room" as he doesn't know, she tells him and tells him to be quiet as RA is next door.
He knocks on door, she opens in pajama bottoms and short shirt and no bra. They are kissing within a minute. AFter 15 minutes, his hand is in her pants. The sound of key in the lock. They both sit up and separate. Room mate wants to know "what the hell is going on, as guys aren't to be in the room at this time"
The next day he's met by campus security after a class. They want him to write down everything that happened. They won't tell him what is going on.
They type up his statement, and ask him to sign what happened. One of his friends has a dad that is a lawyer, and he says "Just know that whatever you sign could be used by the police if this turns into a criminal investigation"
The school says no lawyer is allowed at these hearings. They deem him unco0perative, and the hearing is held without an official statement from him. Nobody at the school is interested in seeing the text messages pleading several times for him to come over.
At the hearing, the girl specifically said she didn't expect to see so much seriousness in all this. She just wanted the RA or someone at the school to tell him his behavior was wrong.
Within a week, he's given a 1.5 semester suspension, effectively killing his freshman year. The tuition, housing, etc, is non-refundable.
The presumption of guilt in men by modern society is almost absolute. At college, the desire to protect female students and the consideration of women as an oppressed victim is so absolute that men are simply disregarded, their say is irrelevant.
Now, again, I'll say that its men who are to blame for this situation - largely emasculated Alan Alda types who run universities, but men - and men who have to take charge and fix it, but the truth is, modern society is so hostile to men its no surprise that men are just removing themselves from it by staying permanent adolescents. You can't blame me bro, I'm just a hard partying kid!
I write and illustrate, live in Oregon, love God and my family, and that's about all anyone really needs to know.
"I’m not sure I’ve ever really received BAD advice. If I did, then thank goodness I didn’t listen to it." Wendy's used to...
We're in a strange place culturally today. Its been quite a while since moralistic prudes have tried so hard to control private a...
"A republic, if you can keep it." I've written and said in several places and times that our Republic is dead. This sound...
"My aunt says you can produce a fully corporeal Patronus, is that true?" I just watched the first Harry Potter movie again last n...
Her eyes like windows, tricklin' rain Upon her pain getting deeper Though my love wants to relieve her I've never been a paren...
“In five weeks’ time, unless desperate measure are taken, we will hand over the government to a man who lost the popular vote…There is no t...
“They make their own choice for staying out there.” -Ronald Reagan You hear it again and again, from the most surprising of sources. R...
"We didn't land on Plymouth Rock. Plymouth Rock landed on us." -Malcolm X (attributed) While most of America still celebr...
"I know I only have four questions left but..." -CSI 1 Ronnie Lake I like CSI, the Miami show is pretty lousy, but the New York a...
"seriously psychologically disturbed." The video starts out with a girl holding a bunny and singing to it, petting it and kissing...
I was among the 2,500 or so protesters that marched to the Capitol power plant on March 2 to speak out against coal-fired power plants and call for alternative energy sources and green jobs. As I was marching, I text-messaged my 12-year-old son. I told him "I am protesting in Washington, D.C." Then when I got home, I pulled up news coverage of the event on the internet and showed him my pictures. All of a sudden, I heard a big "Ooooooh!!" out of him, of the oh-I-get-it-now variety. He looked at me so seriously and said, "I got confused between protest and prostitute!"
So if you have heard the rumor around town that I was prostituting on Capitol Hill, it simply is not true, and here is the evidence to prove it.
Just a woman and her bike(s) journeying on, trying to live a simpler life in a fast-paced world. This blog is about that journey, just bits and pieces of my life, as I try to live an active, healthy life comprised of real food, deep faith, and lots of Mother Nature.
"...the search to live honestly is all that anyone needs. No matter if you find it." --Tracy Chapman
Ada Taggar-Cohen served as a presenter at the Evangelical Theological Society Meeting in Providence, Rhode Island (2017), addressing the theme, Old Testament Backgrounds / Ancient Near East (Invited): Ancient Near Eastern Law and the Book of the Covenant - and is affiliated with Doshisha University, Kyoto, Japan.
Many times, necessity expresses itself as an accident. It was really necessary in Tunisia, where unemployment is over 20%, and with 7.6% living below the poverty line of 2 dollars per day. The masses were angry and revolted to topple the despotic government of Ben Ali.
It was even more necessary in Egypt, where the despotic regime of Hosni Mubarak had for 30 years reduced a cradle of civilization to an arena where poverty reigns supreme, where over 19% of the population officially live below the poverty line, if put at $2 per day. Egypt has population of 80million and 33% are 14 or younger, and the unemployment rate is 9.7%. Egypt experienced a threefold increase in the number of malnourished children under the age of five since 2000, with the number at 1.5 million in 2008.
The self-immolation by Mohamad Bouazizi in Tunisia was just the last straw that broke the camel’s back. It happened as an accident, but it was actually all that was required for necessity to fully express itself. When a society is already pregnant for revolution, a small event is enough to finally trigger it. Many frustrated youths in Tunisia had committed suicide before now, because these unfortunate conditions have been with them for many years, and yet no mass revolt greeted it.
The mass reaction to Bouazizi’s self-immolation fully confirmed what the International Marxist Tendency stated in its 2010 World Perspective thus: “The scale of the present crisis is immense, reflecting all the contradictions that have been piling up for the last 30 years. The period we are now entering will not be like the last period. Not only can the bourgeoisie not afford any new reforms. It cannot afford to maintain the reforms that were conquered in the past. There is plenty of money for the banks, but not for hospitals, schools or pensions. The perspective is one of years or decades of low living standards, unemployment, cuts and austerity. The question is therefore not whether the workers will fight,’ the document emphasised, but ‘The question is whether this International will be in a position to intervene in a serious way in the movements that will inevitably occur”.
If it was a necessity in Egypt and Tunisia, how much more will the revolution be necessary in Nigeria; where over 70% of the population live on less than 1 dollar per day, and over 91% of Nigerians are living below the $2 dollar a day poverty line; where 5000 of her children between the ages of 1 to 5 die annually; where life expectancy is barely 45 years with only 3% of her population manages to live above 63years; where her ruling class has not been able to generate more than 3000 megawatts of electricity when her actual energy need is conservatively put at 172,000 mega watt?
As it was in Egypt and Tunisia so will it be on a higher scale in Nigeria. The last straw that broke the camel’s back in the Arab countries might be different from our own, but obviously, Nigeria is just waiting for her own “Mohamad Bouazizi!”, that is; for the last straw to break her camel’s back. Therefore, the Nigerian working class as a matter of necessity needs to get itself prepared; gets itself interested in what is going on in the Arab world and, most importantly, learn from their successes as well as their mistakes, simply because the day of reckoning is fast approaching.
The most obvious fact that emerged during these revolutionary periods is striking confirmation of what Engels said that the state is nothing more than armed bodies of men, organized in the interest of the private property. Hosni Mubarak like Ben Ali, is just an individual who on his own is very powerless, but he maintained himself through the apparatus of coercion and violence exercised through the army and the police. But unfortunately for the ruling class, these armed bodies of men are themselves human beings with feelings and are also affected by the general unfortunate conditions of the society. At a decisive point during the revolution, when the heroic actions of the masses have demonstrated enough determination to fight, the army divides along class lines, with the middle and junior ranks of the army beginning to see themselves too as workers although in uniform. The army en-masse can move decisively to the side of the revolution when the masses have shown them enough reason to do so through their determination, initiative and preparation to sacrifice.
Who can deny in Nigeria, that the rank and file of the Nigerian army and police are very angry with the extremely corrupt ruling class and are just waiting for the Nigerian workers to take the lead? A group of army ranks recently asked for their legitimate entitlement of stipend promised them by the officers, but instead of being answered, they were sentenced to death, and later to life imprisonment and when the top officers started sensing the danger within the ranks, they commuted their offences to sacking without any entitlement. These victimized young men of the army are heroes to their colleagues who are presently feeling cheated and embittered. In a decisive period, this anger will come more into the public eye and this decisive moment can be during the fast approaching Nigerian revolutionary period.
As it was in Egypt, so was it Tunisia and other Arab countries where the revolution has taken place, revolution can start, revolution can move the mountain, but the success of any revolution is completely dependent on the presence of revolutionary party. The ruling class in these countries at some point during the revolution completely lost the initiative; power moved decisively away from the palaces and jumped into the streets. Revolutionary committees started emerging everywhere organizing the running of the scattered state machine, but these committees were not enough to fully finalize the process and bring the revolution to its logical and successful end.
This is a very big lesson for the Nigerian workers and for workers all over the world. What is certain is that Egyptian revolution like others has started. However, the revolution has not ended, but no one knows how long it will take for it to be brought to a successful conclusion; this depends on the existence of a revolutionary party.
It is difficult to improvise the revolutionary party when the revolution has already started. The task of building a revolutionary party in Nigeria is not something to be delayed for the future; the task starts now and must be carried out with all the required determination and energy, because this is the only guarantee for a successful revolution.
For 50 years, the Nigerian ruling class has demonstrated its inability to better the lot of the Nigerian people. It has revealed how inefficient, inept, corrupt and unreliable it is in providing our basic needs. To continue waiting for the Nigerian ruling class to salvage the situation is like waiting for the camel to pass through the eye of the needle. The ruling class cannot take society forward simply because it rule in the interest of an extreme minority of wealthy people, in the interest of profit and not for the overwhelming majority of Nigerians. Only the revolutionary government of the working class, exercised through the leadership of the revolutionary party can positively turn the thing around. Build the Revolutionary Party Now!
With 189 member countries, staff from more than 170 countries, and offices in over 130 locations, the World Bank Group is a unique global partnership: five institutions working for sustainable solutions that reduce poverty and build shared prosperity in developing countries.
The World Bank Group works in every major area of development. We provide a wide array of financial products and technical assistance, and we help countries share and apply innovative knowledge and solutions to the challenges they face.
We face big challenges to help the world’s poorest people and ensure that everyone sees benefits from economic growth. Data and research help us understand these challenges and set priorities, share knowledge of what works, and measure progress.
The World Bank aims to support Malawi's efforts toward more diversified, competitive, shock-resilient socio-economic growth.
In Malawi, perseverance, optimism, and passion for work can help women farmers maintain a successful career in agriculture.
The most recent economic update explores social safety net programs and their potential to reduce poverty.
Waste management investments could protect the environment, the health of Malawi citizens, and create jobs for young people.
The Southern African nation of Malawi is landlocked sharing borders with Mozambique, Zambia and Tanzania. The country has an estimated population of 18 million (2016). Malawi has been able to make important economic and structural reforms and sustain its economic growth rates over the last decade. Nevertheless, poverty remains widespread, and the economy undiversified and vulnerable to external shocks.
The World Bank’s World Development Report, published annually since 1978, is an invaluable guide to the economic, social, and environmental state of the world today. Each report provides in-depth analysis and policy recommendations on a specific and important aspect of development.
Urbanization is often a problem but Malawi’s largely rural economy could do with more of it. It also has a chance to plan.
A new analysis of African economies shows the region’s growth is projected to reach 3.1% in 2018, and average 3.6% in 2019–20.
IDA, the World Bank’s fund for the poorest, contributes nearly 50% of its funds to 39 African countries.
The Doing Business report provides objective measures of business regulations and their enforcement. See where your country ranks.
Business Description: We are specialized in all kinds of non woven bag; we are the manufacturer and supplier from Bangladesh.
Non woven shopping bag FOB Ningbo $0.3 pp non woven fabric 60gsm- 120gsm any size any logo is ok We are very focused on customized promotional products ( package bags / boxes ) We have our own factory also our trading company to produce and export sh...
FOB Ningbo $0.3 woven shopping bag with opp film 110gsm to 160gsm professional lamination printing machine good sewing and service Bag material Laminated woven pp material from 80gsm to 120gsm Bag style Any style as client required, also we can desig...
FOB Ningbo$0.45 100% natutal cotton from100gsm- 260gsm No pollution printing Cheap price with good quality Bag material 100% natural cotton cloth , from 120gsm to 260gsm Bag style Any style as client required, also we can design it Bag printing Glue ...
Use a payment method that offers better protection for all such as Letters of credit and verified professional escrow services. Avoid payments in advance such as money transfers
Search the internet using their website address, their business name, their phone and fax numbers, and their email addresses to see if you can find any feedback about them.
There are no WorldCat item holdings set for this library. If this is a branch library, holdings may be set at the main library level in WorldCat.
If the information listed for this library is incorrect, authorized representatives of the library may update in the WorldCat Registry.
WorldCat is the world's largest library catalog, helping you find library materials online. Learn more ››
Coming to Terms: The Collected Works of Jane Blankenship, is an edited collection from Jane Blankenship and Janette Kenner Muir which provides a deeper understanding of how an academic life is composed-how ideas begin as simple seeds, germinating into a fully blossomed life; how career pathways often start by chance, by being in the right place at the right time; and how one must take risks while moving toward the future. These lessons reveal a brilliant career of a woman deeply committed to the life of the mind and the fostering of f. Read more...
Coming to Terms: The Collected Works of Jane Blankenship, is an edited collection from Jane Blankenship and Janette Kenner Muir which provides a deeper understanding of how an academic life is composed-how ideas begin as simple seeds, germinating into a fully blossomed life; how career pathways often start by chance, by being in the right place at the right time; and how one must take risks while moving toward the future. These lessons reveal a brilliant career of a woman deeply committed to the life of the mind and the fostering of f.
"While a major motivation f or this volume is to honor Jane Blankenship's career, it is not simply an archive of past work. Readers will find a book alive with essays on terms and naming that are foundational, relevant, and useful. Additionally, the book spotlights Blankenship's enormous influence on the value of studying women in the context of contemporary politics. Her work ripples out among today's student and scholars." -- Janis L. Edwards, University of Alabama "Blankenship has almost single-handedly constructed the contemporary definition of style, fashioned its link to orality and written modes, and ultimately fashioned powerful insights into political communication and gender studies through her mode of thought. Muir has captured Blankenship's contributions from her early to later years. This is just an outstanding volume in every way. A must-read!" -- James Cheseboro, Ball State University "Coming to Terms chronicles an extraordinary academic life well-lived; a rich life replete with intellectual exploration, professional firsts, engaged mentoring, academic successes and-yes-even a few defeats. Jane Blankenship's voice resonates throughout these pages, as she reflects on her decades-long study of Kenneth Burke, shares her classroom lectures, offers glimpses into her role in a largely male-dominated profession, and sheds new light on her published work. Jane's students also give voice here to her profound influence on their careers; none more eloquently than her editor, Janette Kenner Muir. Part academic biography, part theoretical explication and part history lesson, this book reinforces the centrality of the spoken word and lays open the intricate, multi-faceted career of a remarkable teacher, scholar, and disciplinary leader." -- Mary Kahl, State University of New York at New Paltz Read more...
schema:description "Coming to Terms: The Collected Works of Jane Blankenship, is an edited collection from Jane Blankenship and Janette Kenner Muir which provides a deeper understanding of how an academic life is composed-how ideas begin as simple seeds, germinating into a fully blossomed life; how career pathways often start by chance, by being in the right place at the right time; and how one must take risks while moving toward the future. These lessons reveal a brilliant career of a woman deeply committed to the life of the mind and the fostering of f."@en ;
The Education Act of 1944 launched an unprecedented experiment in the history of education in the UK. This book is a brief survey of the routes by which compulsory free secondary education was arrived at, as well as an examination of the position in 1949 and suggestions for the future.
schema:description "The Education Act of 1944 launched an unprecedented experiment in the history of education in the UK. This book is a brief survey of the routes by which compulsory free secondary education was arrived at, as well as an examination of the position in 1949 and suggestions for the future."@en ;
[You must be registered and logged in to see this image.] [You must be registered and logged in to see this image.] [You must be registered and logged in to see this image.]
Rachel is hard at work on a new, more efficient version of the cure while Alisha decodes a message found on a cell phone recovered from the Immunes on land.
toxic workplace managing toxic personalities and their systems of power no short description toxic workplace managing toxic personalities and their systems of power because this is pdf file PDF file
toxic workplace managing toxic personalities and their systems of power no short description toxic workplace managing toxic personalities and their systems of power because this is doc file DOC file
the beautiful things that heaven bears no short description the beautiful things that heaven bears because this is pdf file PDF file
the beautiful things that heaven bears no short description the beautiful things that heaven bears because this is doc file DOC file
downloand video gojigo gratis no short description downloand video gojigo gratis because this is pdf file PDF file
downloand video gojigo gratis no short description downloand video gojigo gratis because this is doc file DOC file
partner 351 repair manual no short description partner 351 repair manual because this is pdf file PDF file
partner 351 repair manual no short description partner 351 repair manual because this is doc file DOC file
The Greek Plato, the Philosopher: "From the all-pure virgin mother-bride will be born the sole child of God. The fleshless one becomes flesh and is born on earth, he who is the creator of heaven and earth."
So what is the purpose of configuring a PHP pool in your plugin if you are not able to select at least the PHP version? Different execution time, upload limits, etc. isn't neccessary at all on a local NAS in my opinion to configure different pools. PHP version will be. Quote: “Since I don't think multiple versions of php should be on the box ” Why not? OMV isn't touched in anyway. What should be the problem? One of the advantages of PHP FPM is the ability to execute different PHP versions.
If also got this message with the latest OMV4. Could the provided fix not included with the next release?
I got PHP 7.2 installed on debian using this howto: colinodell.com/blog/201711/installing-php-72 What I want to achieve is, using differnt PHP versions for my dev websites hosted on my NAS and played out using the nginx module. OMV could stay on the PHP 7.0. I created a issue in the nginx git repo: github.com/OpenMediaVault-Plug…ediavault-nginx/issues/27 May be you can take a look at it. Currently I don't see any advantage of the pool config tab without he possibility to select the PHP version t…
Thanks a lot, that helped me to get the "exec" permanently (reboot safe). To answer by own questions, I think the Raid drive isn't designed to be used as a development drive I guess, its just as plain data storage, which hasn't the need to exec something.
Quote from ryecoaaron: “Why would you reinstall everything? 4.0.2 reverted the changes. ” Will trying to fix this it, I totally screwed up my system.
I did a complete reinstall of OMV (including openmediavault-nginx 4.0.2). Now everythings works again as expected.
Hi, I use the nginx plugin to serve my dev websites. The websites are stored on a Raid5 build of 3 disks. One of the website uses NodeJS so I installed v8.9.4 (nodejs.org/en/download/package…based-linux-distributions). Afterwards I tried running "npm install" which failed with: Source Code (25 lines) Digging around I finally found this bug report on node-sass and the proposed solution: github.com/sass/node-sass/issues/1407#issuecomment-255406068 After updating the /etc/fstab by adding "exec" to …
The zzz-omv-nginx file in the sites-available folder contains no entries for "listen 8083" only the IPv6 part "listen [::]:8083". If I add this manually and reboot the NAS the website shows up. But if I disable the nginx module in the OMV gui and enable it again the pages once again are not reachable, the config file has been rewritten and the "listen 8083" entry is missing again.
Hi, I'm relatively new at using openmediavault. I configured the autoshutdown plugin to go to suspend to ram (hibernate seems not to work) if a list of configured ip is not reachable. So far so good. Now I'm trying to use rtcwake to wake the system up at 7:00 o'clock in the morning. I configured rtcwake as a crontab entry: Source Code (1 line) If I execute the command on the shell I get the following: Source Code (2 lines) Local timezone Source Code (2 lines) Why its printing 8:00 o'clock? UTC t…
On December 7, 1975 Indonesia secretly - but with the complicity of the Western powers including the US, the UK, and Australia - invaded the small nation of East Timor. Two Australian television crews attempting to document the invasion were murdered.
In 1993, with the Indonesian army still occupying the country, John Pilger and his crew including director David Munro, slipped into East Timor and made this film. In the intervening 18 years, an estimated 200,000 East Timorese - 1/3 of the population - had been slaughtered by the Indonesian military. The C.I.A. has described it as one of the worst mass-murders of the 20th century.
Pilger tells the story using clandestine footage of the countryside, internment camps and even Fretlin guerillas, as well as interviews with Timorese exiles, including Jose Ramos Horta and Jose Gusmao, and Australian, British, and Indonesian diplomats.
Nixon had called Indonesia the "greatest prize in southeast Asia" because of its oil reserves and other natural resources. Even though Indonesia had no historic or legal claim to East Timor, it was convenient for diplomats to declare that East Timor, just gaining its independence from Portugal, would not be a viable state.
However the lie was given to this argument when Australia and Indonesia signed the Timor Gap Oil Treaty and carved up the huge oil and gas reserves in the seabed off East Timor.
None of the politicians from that period - President Ford, Henry Kissinger, Daniel Moynihan, Margaret Thatcher, John Major, Gough Whitlam - has clean hands. The Indonesian military used US and British planes to bombard the island, while the defense ministers proclaimed ignorance.
But no one watching the massacre in the Dili cemetery can excuse the geopolitical machinations that led to this genocide.
Brian Raymond Peters, in the company of fellow journalists Gary James Cunningham, Malcolm Harvie Rennie, Gregory John Shackleton and Anthony John Stewart, collectively known as “the Balibo Five”, died at Balibo in Timor- Leste on 16 October 1975 from wounds sustained when he was shot and/or stabbed deliberately, and not in the heat of battle, by members of the Indonesian Special Forces, including Christoforus da Silva and Captain Yunus Yosfiah on the orders of Captain Yosfiah, to prevent him from revealing that Indonesian Special Forces had participated in the attack on Balibo. There is strong circumstantial evidence that those orders emanated from the Head of the Indonesian Special Forces, Major-General Benny Murdani to Colonel Dading Kalbuadi, Special Forces Group Commander in Timor, and then to Captain Yosfiah.
Greg Shackleton, Gary Cunningham, Tony Stewart, Malcolm Rennie and Brian Peters were deliberately murdered because they were reporting events that the Indonesian military wanted to keep secret.
Roger East, another Australian journalist who travelled to East Timor to report on the fate of the Balibó Five, was shot on the wharf in Dili on 8th December 1975, as part of a mass execution of civilians.
They weren’t the only ones to die. In the ensuing conflict and the 24 years of Indonesian occupation, it has been estimated that over 200,000 East Timorese died. This included Falintil soldiers and civilians from the village of Balibó and the surrounding Bobanaro district.
The house where the journalists stayed, referred to as the Balibo Flag House, and now known as the Balibo Community Learning Centre, is dedicated to them.
MARK BANNERMAN: As the Balibo Five inquest winds up there are calls for another coronial inquiry into a sixth Australian-based journalist who was murdered in East Timor in late 1975.
The sixth journalist is 29-year-old Darwin based newsman Roger East. He's become the forgotten man in the Balibo saga that has dragged on for more than three decades.
His death has always been overshadowed by the controversy surrounding the Balibo five, yet there are claims that he was deliberately murdered by the Indonesian military.
As Anne Barker reports, the Northern Territory coroner is now under pressure to launch an inquest into East's death.
ANNE BARKER: Roger East was living in Darwin in the months before Indonesia invaded East Timor in late 1975.
When five Australian journalists were killed at Balibo in October that year, he quit his job to set himself up as a freelance reporter in Dili and over the next few weeks he filed regular despatches to the outside world, including several, now very muffled, reports to the ABC.
ROGER EAST: Hello Jim, well everything's settling down here so it seems. I'm quite happy. Quite happy with the team and I think I'm in a very peaceful island.
I have made arrangements I'm up to the border, where the five (inaudible) or what appears to be a little bit of fire fighting. I'm going up there either Sunday or Monday.
ANNE BARKER: One of East's closest friends in Darwin was Ken White, then a journalist at the Northern Territory News.
It was Ken White who drove him to the airport the day he left for Dili and he remembers Roger East's last words to him were "he'd do his damnedest to find out what had happened to the Balibo five".
KEN WHITE: Well he was very anxious to go to Balibo and find out the truth about the murders of the five Australian journalists. And he said to me look I'm gonna buy a new pair of boots and I'll walk there if it's necessary.
ANNE BARKER: But Roger East never made it to Balibo and far from unravelling the mystery of the Balibo five, he too suffered the same fate
On December the 8th he was shot dead on Dili's waterfront, apparently by Indonesian forces, who'd invaded East Timor the day before.
KEN WHITE: Apparently the soldier did see his body opposite the Turismo Hotel. His wrists had been bound my wire and he was riddled with bullets.
One report that I did get was that Roger kept crying out I'm an Australian journalist, I'm an Australian journalist but it didn't make any difference. They just shot him.
But in the wake of the Balibo inquest in Sydney, Ken White and others are demanding justice for Roger East.
The long-time Darwin activist Rob Wesley-Smith has written to the Northern Territory coroner calling for a full inquest.
ROB WESLEY-SMITH: We need to ask people to come forward who saw him being shot or who saw his body on the beach. Or whoever it was who dragged it up and buried it. These people are probably still out there or their relatives and we need this kind of information now.
ANNE BARKER: What could the NT Coroner achieve though if he were to hold an inquest now? Wouldn't it just come up with the same stonewalling and denials from Indonesia that we've had during the Balibo inquest in Sydney?
ROB WESLEY-SMITH: Well the Balibo inquest has been absolutely fascinating and a lot of information has come out, which more than probably we expected. And I think the same sort of thing could happen with the Roger East inquiry.
ANNE BARKER: The NT Coroner Greg Cavanaugh hasn't ruled out an inquest, saying he'll carry out his statutory duty to investigate Roger East's death if he has the jurisdiction to do so
Iphone Tablet is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Iphone Se Box Weight is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The New York Times is among the oldest and most respected news services in the United States. While slightly left of center, it still offers the exceptional coverage and in-depth reporting
The Wall Street Journal provides slightly right-of-center news coverage, and it has won 40 Pultizer Prizes.
BBC News offers unparalled world news coverage and lacks the bias that affects some US-based outlets
Reuters was founded in London in 1851. Until 2008 it was independently owned, now it is owned by the Thomson Corporation. It excels in delivering breaking news.
The Los Angeles Times was founded in 1881 and has since won dozens of Pulitzer Prizes. While it specializes in Los Angeles news, it still covers world news excellently.
Winds expected to increase danger for firefighters in L.A., as crews in Northern California catch a break
Reddit is one of the best places for breaking news updates, thanks to the fifteen million users who regularly update the page.
A couple who named their baby after Adolf Hitler have been found guilty of being members of a banned terrorist group.
An Edmonton woman who spent two years battling her bank for information about her own account is defying a confidentiality agreement to go public about what happened, in a bid to shed light on a highly secretive system she says is stacked against the customer.
The content is grouped into "Obsessions," cultivated topics of interest. It won a 2016 Webby and is designed especially for phones and tablets.
civilazation stop...dead architecture...same cities...rivers dry...frightened citizens...enslaved animals...muzzle the birds...nature cries out...food to buy...car to buy...phone to buy...friend to buy...sex to buy...god who forgives...sure he love his children...boss who rewards...bank who care...tv to breed...education to frighten...whore to castrate...press to blind...job to hold you down...teeth to grind...hands that feed...taste skin first time...never like this before...
My June project made for Crew Member Wednesday over at Birgit Koopsen blog, check the link for more pictures and the process video.
Suspension Services including overhaul, custom hoses/fittings, nitrogen charge and steer tube pressing all done in-house.
Replacement of DU bushings (if necessary, extra charges would be incurred, only on customer approval)
We service all makes of bicycles and suspension. Most major brands of suspension seals are in stock.
1264 Victoria Street North | Kitchener, ON N2B 3C9 | Tel. : 519-571-1600 | This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Do you want to be the manager of your favorite football team? Online Soccer Manager (OSM) offers you that chance! This free-to-play game is completely renewed and contains all football competitions and clubs from all over the world.
OSM is an addictive football management game, which allows you to act like the real manager of your favorite team. You are in charge of deciding the line-up, the buying and selling of players, the training and many other aspects.
After you managed everything at the club, once a day a match is simulated. It is up to you to prepare your team as good as possible, and make sure the results are good and stay good. And what is more fun than comparing your soccer skills with your friends?
This is a one season game. At the end of the season you can select a new team for the next one. This way you're able to manage a lot of different teams over time, which is really awesome! You can manage a lot of different teams over time, which makes the game more challenging, more varied and more up-to-date compared to other football management games like. All your results will be stored in your profile.
When installing this app, we will ask you for permission to receive and send text messages. This is ONLY used when you decide to use an in-app payment option.
You might wonder if this football game is really free. Well it is! You can play Online Soccer Manager for free as long as you want. So don't hesitate and install OSM now!
A nice and shiny update in which we fixed several bugs that were found by our managers. Thanks everyone!
Aiseesoft Blu-Ray to iPad Ripper is a powerful Blu ray converter to rip Blu-ray movies to iPad MPEG-4, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, MOV, M4V, etc video and audio formats with 6X faster conversion speed(NVIDIA CUDA). It also possesses multiple video editing functions, such as trim, crop, merge, snapshot, even set video brightness, contrast and saturation. Moreover, it can remove MKB V24 copy protection of BD, and it can also support iPad 2 and iOS 4.3 now.
Eviction is seldom a pleasant experience for anyone. However, there are times when there is no option but to evict a tenant. At Downtown MO Locksmith Store we have helped countless homeowners deal with evictions. We understand the sensitive nature of evictions and do all it takes to make it easier.
If you own a home in area and have evicted a tenant recently, call us to help secure your property. We have been working in the region for the past ten years and have extensive experience in offering the best eviction locksmith services . Our technicians are highly trained and have vast experience in handling eviction locks issues. Also, we work 24/7 all through the year, so no matter what time of the day you need our services, all you have to do is call us; we will be with you within minutes to help you.
When the tenant does not pay the rent on time, there is no other way but to evict him. As a homeowner, you can issue notices to your tenant and keep a copy of them to produce at the court to show that the tenant has been asked several times to pay.
While regular wear and tear is common, if your tenant has been excessively destructive, eviction is the sole option.
Another common reason for eviction is violation of the agreement. If you have laid down certain stipulations in your agreement, but the tenant does not follow the contract, then eviction is the only option.
Evicted tenants are often vengeful. You may have evicted them for all the right reasons and have completed all the legal proceedings, still you cannot rule out the possibility of them striking back at you. If they have a spare key, they may use it to come back and vandalize your property or steal your valuables.
An eviction locksmith service will help you secure your property well following an eviction to ensure that such situations do not happen. We have vast experience in dealing with post eviction locksmith services and will rekey/replace your locks as per the needs.
Evictions are not easy to deal with. However, when our experts are at charge, they will do their best to ensure that the entire process is completed in a smooth and hassle free manner.
The amazing picture below, is part of 2019 Hyundai I30 Sr Picture, Release date, and Review written piece which is classified within Concept, 2019 hyundai i30 sr, and published at July 29th, 2018 07:14:40 AM by admin.
The 2019 Hyundai I30 Sr has a lot going for it, including a hybrid model, but you’d be wise to cross-shop its rivals as well. Additional new features for the 2019 Hyundai I30 Sr include a heated steering wheel, and optional heated and power operated front seats on lower-trim models with cloth upholstery. Front-wheel drive is standard and all-wheel drive is optional. In addition to the gas-only model, the 2019 Hyundai I30 Sr is also available as a hybrid with all-wheel drive as standard.
In a 2017 comparison test that included the Hyundai and Jeep, the 2019 Hyundai I30 Sr placed fifth. Handling also proved to be another 2019 Hyundai I30 Sr weak spot and we found the steering to be numb.
The 2019 Hyundai I30 Sr, on the other hand, is a better package, as we noted in a 2017 First Test, thanks to its smooth powertrain and well-calibrated brakes that smoothly transition between regenerative and mechanical braking. However, since it isn’t a plug-in hybrid, the 2019 Hyundai I30 Sr doesn’t have much EV mode range and can only travel around 0.5 miles on electricity.A rearview camera with rear parking sensors is now standard on all models.
The car is the only 2019 Hyundai I30 Sr trim level that can be had with a cool two-tone exterior color scheme. The ride itself was smooth, and road imperfections were barely felt.”
Here is wanted data on 2019 hyundai i30 sr. We have the finest assets for 2019 hyundai i30 sr. Check it out for yourself! You can find 2019 Hyundai I30 Sr First Drive guide and read the latest 2019 Hyundai I30 Sr Picture, Release date, and Review in here.
Explore 2019 Bentley Mulsanne Msrp, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Bentley Mulsanne Msrp Redesign where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 Bentley Mulsanne Msrp. See models and pricing, as well as photos and […]
The 2019 Fiat Ducato has a lot going for it, including a hybrid model, but you’d be wise to cross-shop its rivals as well. Additional new features for the 2019 Fiat Ducato include a heated steering wheel, and optional heated and power operated front seats on lower-trim models with cloth upholstery. Front-wheel drive is standard and all-wheel drive is optional. In addition to […]
Explore 2019 Volkswagen Passat Tdi Sel, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Volkswagen Passat Tdi Sel Concept where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 Volkswagen Passat Tdi Sel. See models and pricing, as well […]
The first stage of spinal degeneration is when there is a minor loss of normal spine balance and spinal curvature. The surrounding features of the spine such as nerves, discs and joints begin to age quicker and are continually more stressed. This stage of the degeneration process rarely is accompanied with any major pain. At this point, there is a good chance that with the proper care, you can return to normal.
In the second stage of spinal degeneration, there is an often narrowing of the discs and potentially deformation in the bones. Your posture is often beginning to degenerate as well at this point. As the spinal canal, or opening, begins to narrow, there are often significant aches and pains associated. Fatigue and stress are more common at this stage. There is a good chance of improvement at this stage with the proper care.
In the third stage of spinal degeneration, there is significant physical and mental involvement due to the level of issues here. There is most likely nerve damage as well as deformation of the bones and discs. There would be a significant loss of energy and height at this point. Some reversal is possible.
In the fourth stage of spinal degeneration, most damage is permanent including scar tissue, nerve damage and deformation. At this point, the condition is irreversible. Management of pain and discomfort is the best option here.
Here is the first example. Quite long at 39” when measured in a straight line. This one I think I have found an ID but let’s see who can get it right!
The shape is a bit like a club I had fròm Nuie Island and also a club from Vanuatu, but the handle end is a bit odd for those lands. I might just gamble that it is European? Some sword clubs like this have been shown here from Greece.
I have done a little more research and I might decide to change my mind and think this is South American as well.
When I first seen this club it was listed as Native American but I thought initially it might be Nuie Island as well but a few months later I was flipping through a reference book and think I have found a match. Will post this soon.
In Partingtons book I found a very similar example listed as Australian. The handle end in the line drawing has the same shape and the curvature is the same. Based on this line drawing my vote is for Australian. Look at number 3.
While the profile is similar to the Australian club in the drawing, the 3D shape doesn't look very Australian to me.
From the caption in Partington, club #3 looks like a boomerang-club to me, a flattened club that can be thrown as a boomerang (non-returning, of course). These are often called "lil-lil", and that should find some examples when used as a search term.
One from the British Museum: http://www.britishmuseum.org/resear...513469&partId=1 (photos attached).
I tend to agree not Australia. I wonder if it is some kind of throwing device.? The groove used as a track to launch a projectile of some form.
It looks similar to a carp fishing bait throwing stick. Perhaps a rabbit or bird hunting stick that throws a pebble.
I was waiting to see if anyone caught that thought. think cesta. Originally used by (see flag hint below) shepherds to throw spherical stone or lead bullets & as a sword club. I've heard of one other like this. Not American either, tho their descendants are popular for throwing pelota in Florida, another form is the bait thrower tim mentioned, I have a similar device for throwing tennis balls for the dog:
I do not think it is the stick used in the Basque game. It could be a shepherds lead pellet thrower as much as a rabbit hunting stick?
Wasn't suggesting it was, it was a precursor shepherds tool, tarted up when they ran out of wolves (4 or 2 footed) to use throwing a hardball against the church walls on Sunday afternoons turning into the wickerwork version where they could catch it and throw it back, which you can't do with the club. They started by playing what essentially was handball, some bright spark probably said, 'hey. remember those clubs we used to use?'.
An intriguing piece. The grooved part seems too long and near the grip to be for propulsion ? Its a bit like a Solomon Islands dance club, and the groove was made to reduce weight. Rennell Island ?? Don't see it being Australian Aboriginal.
Well, I suspect the groove is near the grip so you can hold the bullet in place until you get it into the right position to throw. Looks two-handed.
Yes, unfortunately the example in the book does not give us a feel for the thickness of the club. The book example is 35 1/2” which seems long for most boomerang or throwing clubs and after an exhaustive search in Partingtons, Oldmans and Webster’s this is the only example I can find that has the same shape grip. Plus mine is comparable length.
I think it is too heavy a club to be an effective projectile thrower or hunting stick. At 39” and quite thick and heavy you would have to throw it at much slower objects. I would think you would want a lighter club with a bit of flex to really throw a stone or other object effectively. This club has no flex.
All great feedback so far. I have a hunch that a positive wood identification could be helpful. It is a blondish wood and I’m not sure if the channel at the top has been carved or if it is natural to the wood. I have seen blondish wood clubs from Australia but can’t recall any examples from the Solomon Island region. It is a hard wood with good weight for its size. The shape of the grip is not unlike some Native American clubs I have seen but I still lean towards the Pacific Islands.
Yes, unfortunately the example in the book does not give us a feel for the thickness of the club. The book example is 35 1/2” which seems long for most boomerang or throwing clubs
35" is a big boomerang, but it isn't hard to find examples of old boomerangs of that size. A few examples from the British Museum:
Please select one User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home -------------------- Discussion Forums Ethnographic Weapons Keris Warung Kopi European Armoury Ethnographic Miscellania Classifieds Swap Forum Keris Swap Forum Archives WWWBoard Forum 1998 - 1999
Happy Chartered Accountants' Day #CADay 01 July 2014 A Tribute ICAI wishes #li - Vikrmn - CA Vikram Verma - Chartered Accountant Author Happy Chartered Accountants' Day #CADay 01 July 2014 A Tribute ICAI wishes #li - Vikrmn - CA Vikram Verma - Chartered Accountant Author
Labels: 01 July 2014, 10 Alone, CA Vikram Verma, CADay, Happy CA Day, Happy Chartered Accountants Day, ICAI Day
Hi, Thanks for reading through. Would be happy to see your views and ideas in the comments. For a direct message please free to reach me at v@Vikrmn.com. Cheers
Today, 16th July 2015, is the result day for CA Final year students. Some would pass, many would not. I would congratulate the ones wh...
What if you get a guidance from your elder-self? Hello friends. My name is Vikram Verma. It's going to be 10 years soon as a ...
iLOVEDit - Jaise banjare ko ghar - Ek Villain mp3 by #ArijitSingh download #Shraddha #Siddharth song torrent Mp4 Lyrics
When people talk bad about you, it's because of their low level of thinking, and when they talk good about you, obviously it's becau...
10 Golden Rules by a Chartered Accountant on #CADay 1 July 2015 #ICAI #Life Changing quotes from 10 Alone
A CA not only knows about Investments and Financials Statements but the rules of leading a great life too. A Chartered Accountant, on...
www.EatArea.com - I was really amazed at their quality food, Laminated Thali. Tell them our website name "EatArea.com" and they w...
I tried a lot for this search but couldn't find a perfect one near Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park so thought to create a list for the o...
Thank you Everyone for such an overwhelming response to my article "10 Golden Rules of Life". Thanks to CAClubIndia.com ...
Holding grudges for someone? Let it go, let them go from your beautiful mind. ** “ Do forgive all before you go to sleep, you&...
Life goes on.. no matter you are happy or not.. no matter you want someone to be happy or not. Vikrmn. Author. 10 Alone.
Центр танца и фитнеса «Виктория-денс» ― это первый в Чернигове центр для комплексного занятия танцами и фитнесом всей семьи, с набором сопутствующих услуг и товаров, с доступным уровнем цен и максимально приближенным к европейскому качеством сервиса.
Iverson Snowshoe “EZ” Leather Snowshoe Binding… one size fits all. Click image to enlarge… Designed with 3/4 bungee strapping for easy adjustments. “EZ” is the idea… convenience, whether you're adjusting for a tighter or looser fit, or for quic	Iverson Snowshoe “”EZ”” Leather Snowshoe Binding… one size fits all. Click image to enlarge… Designed with 3/4 bungee strapping for easy adjustments. “”EZ”” is the idea… convenience, whether you're adjusting for a tighter or looser fit, or for quick on / off. Made with super-durable leather construction for years of durability in the wild. Buy yours ONLINE today. Please Note: This item is shipped directly from the factory. To see the expected shipping date, please add to your Shopping Cart. Sorry, no express shipping available. We are unable to ship factory direct items to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico or APO or FPO addresses. Iverson Snowshoe “”EZ”” Leather Snowshoe Binding”
If women had any idea, even for a second, how we really looked at them, they would never stop slapping us. —
A journal of the adventures our family encounters as we live life and explore our world around us. Our curiosities are endless! We love being in nature and going new places. Follow along to keep up with our current interests and passions!
Who's Hungry? New! Introducing the Sourdough Patty Melt, Turkey Cranberry Bacon Melt and Tuna Melt. Get em' while they are hot! Available now through ...
The village is seeking firm pricing for the Municipal Center Woodland – Restoration Phase II: Stream Restoration project, as described in the specifications & plans.
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file /includes/functions.php on line 4588: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3765)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file /includes/functions.php on line 4589: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3765)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file /includes/functions.php on line 4590: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3765)
I am stuck on the Part where Arthur is being tested by the sexy dancer and she tells him to do the symbol puzzle. I cannot figure it out. I am completely stuck. I have come sooooo close to beating it!! If anyone can help me it would be greatly appreciated!!!!!!!!!
Yes that part was very hard. Do you have the manual? I believe it contains the information you need to do it, but it's possible to figure it out without the manual because I didn't use it. If you want, I'll try to help.
Vip Yacht Charter | GOKCE,standard gulets for Rent, Boats for Rent, Yacht Charter, Yacht Rental | Our company organizes STANDARD GULETS charter activities with the boat GOKCE for rent in our yacht charter database in Turkey and Greek Islands. | yacht charter
GOKCE,STANDARD GULETS for Rent, Boats for Rent, Yacht Charter, Yacht Rental | Vip Yacht Charter | Our company organizes STANDARD GULETS charter activities with the boat GOKCE for rent in our yacht charter database in Turkey and Greek Islands.
GOKCE | Vip Yacht Charter | GOKCE,STANDARD GULETS for Rent, Boats for Rent, Yacht Charter, Yacht Rental
She has STANDARD GULETS modernized wooden en - suite cabins and all cabins have A/ C system, shower and WC.
Our charter boat has 1 Master, 3 Double, 2 Twin cabins with a total capacity of 12 is available for yacht charter in Split.
If you are looking for STANDARD GULETS for rent in TURKEY, our charter yacht GOKCE is the best available yacht for rent for your needs.
The professional charter crew of GOKCE will be more than happy to give you the best service on your STANDARD GULETS rental holiday.
The daily charter rates of the boat GOKCE are between from 800 and 1250 Euros depending on the season you want to hire our STANDARD GULETS.
standard gulets gokce , standard gulets , STANDARD GULETS yachts for rent in turkey , Marmaris yachts for rent in turkey , standard gulets Marmaris yachts for charter , standard gulets Marmaris yachts for charter in turkey , standard gulets Marmaris blue cruise , standard gulets blue cruise , blue cruise ,
Pertussis (whooping cough) is a potentially serious respiratory infection that we usually associate with children, but it can definitely occur in teens and adults as well. In fact, there has been a resurgence of reported cases of this infection over the past decade – 17,000 in the U.S. during 2009. There are many additional cases that are undiagnosed or unreported.
The illness is caused by a bacterium called Bordetella pertussis, which is highly contagious. It often results in severe coughing spasms, which in turn can cause a person to run out of air in the lungs and suddenly breath in causing the classic whooping sound, although this doesn’t occur in every case. The severe coughing can also cause vomiting and can even result in passing out.
Early symptoms may include mild cough, low- grade fever and runny nose that may last for 2 weeks. The severe cough may last up to 10 weeks. Then the convalescent phase may go on for another 2 weeks.
Pertussis is diagnosed by your doctor’s awareness of the signs and symptoms and can be confirmed if necessary by obtaining a sample of nasal secretions or by a blood test.
The illness can be treated with appropriate antibiotics – usually those in the erythromycin family or by trimethoprim-sulfa. Even with the right antibiotic treatment however, the cough may still last for weeks.
The best treatment is to prevent it, which is why we recommend that all of our adult patients get a pertussis vaccine (usually in combination with tetanus and diphtheria vaccine – called Tdap) every 10 years.
If it seems like as soon as you get over one respiratory infection you are getting another, you may have an underlying allergic condition. You may be allergic to many things in your environment that you haven’t even thought about – like house dust, dried ornamental flowers, carpet fibers, etc.
Regular physical activity – Walk, take the stairs, do jumping jacks during commercials, ride your bike.
Avoid unnecessary medicine – If it’s not helping anything, don’t take it. Use generics when possible. Talk to your doctor first.
Cases of this frequently occur during winter months or when storms cause power outages. We get out the portable gas-powered generators, turn on the gas stoves and lanterns, and burn wood in stoves or fireplaces.
Symptoms start with headache, dizziness, nausea, chest pain or confusion, but that’s if you’re awake. If you’re sleeping, you may not be aware of any of those symptoms.
Prolonged use of systemic steroids like Prednisone can cause osteoporosis, fluid retention, weight gain, elevated blood pressure and blood sugar, purple bruises on the skin and increased susceptibility to infection?
A shingles vaccine should be given once to all patients aged 60 or over regardless of history of prior shingles or chicken pox?
House calls have generally been considered obsolete over the past several decades. It’s very difficult for traditional primary care doctors to have the time to visit patients at home after a long day at the office, so many of them made it a general policy not to offer this service. There were always a few brave and dedicated souls who continued to make home visits for home-bound patients, but not very many.
With the advent of concierge medicine, house calls are becoming a reality again. This is because the much smaller number of patients in a concierge practice allows the doctors more time to travel to and from patients’ homes. Our practice is happy to provide this service for those who can’t make it to the office. This adds a great sense of security for our patients knowing that they will not be left stranded without a doctor if they are homebound. It also allows many patients to remain in their homes much longer than they would be able to otherwise.
If you will be traveling to a foreign country, make sure you have received all the vaccinations you need well in advance of your trip.
Vaccines are the best way of preventing certain diseases that are endemic in other countries from affecting you – diseases like hepatitis, typhoid fever, yellow fever, diphtheria, anthrax and others.
In addition to vaccines, you may also need certain other medications to prevent malaria or traveler’s diarrhea.
You should also make sure you’ve had all the usual vaccines against flu, pneumococcal pneumonia, measles, mumps, chicken pox, tetanus and pertussis that you would normally receive regularly living in this country.
It may take several weeks or months before the vaccines that you receive become effective in your system. You should, therefore, see your travel medicine specialist at least 8-12 weeks before your planned departure. We like to use Passport Health at 757-395-1345 for our travel medicine consultants.
For those of you who are tech-savvy and use iPads or smartphones for carrying around readily available information, here are some medical and health-related apps that are either free or relatively inexpensive that you may want to consider:
Virginia Beach Premier Medical is a membership “concierge” internal medicine practice specializing in comprehensive and compassionate, individualized and personalized patient-centered care. We pride ourselves on full continuity of care – in the office, in the hospital, or even at home. If you would like more information about our practice please call us at 757-416-6750 or visit our website at www.vbpm1.com. Ask to speak with Brittany, our office manager, or Dr. Parks or Dr. Warth. We’d be happy to talk with you anytime.
Here’s an incentive! If you are a member of our practice and if you refer someone to us who then signs up, we will give you $200 off your next year’s fee.
Here’s another plus! You can accumulate these referral discounts so that if you refer multiple people who then sign up, you will get $200 off the next year’s fee for each one.
Julkaistu 9.2.2015 Mustialan uusi navetta ilmasta kuvattuna. Ilmakuvaus: Coetus osk www.coetus.fi/ilmakuvaus
Â© 2003-2016 All content is copyrighted to the Arizona Virtual Jeep Club LLC except under prior arrangements.
It took Gail over a decade to realise that Virtual PA Co – one of her portfolio of businesses, is all about delegation and the benefits it brings to life and business growth. With lots of anecdotal evidence (from thousands of clients large and small) she decided to research it more intensively. The result is The Gift of Time, a book about how delegation can give you the space to succeed. Buy it here
http://www.wiley.com/WileyCDA/WileyTitle/productCd-0857085956.html?dmmsmid=90827&dmmspid=23818571&dmmsuid=2380172
administration administrative assistant admin services affordable PA answering appointment booking business call call answering call answering service call handling Cambridgeshire client requirements delegate delegate to grow delegate work delegating delegating work Delegation Delegation Skills diary management email checking free up time growth of a business help help with business admin outsourced business admin Outsourced PA Services outsourced Telephone Answering Service PA personal assistant personalised service peterborough rent a room small business telephone answering Telephone Answering Service VA virtual assistant virtual pa Virtual PA Co Virtual PA Company Virtual pa service Virtual PA Services virtualpaservices
...java 320X240 coc game downlod Game war zone in java dedomil net for nokia E63 download the n o v a Gameloft dedomil 240x400 Download new clash of clans game...	more…
...Android users, and first posed as an adult game named after a popular U.S.-based adult film actress. Maikspy, which is an alias that combines the name of the adult film...	more…
...encrypted your files, there’s only one way to get them back: You have to become really good at a video game called Undefined Fantastic Object. The sailor girl in the...	more…
...on my drive home was that cybersecurity is very much like the board game Battleship. Both involve strategy, and operate in a “static model”. In the game Battleship, as you...	more…
...appeared first on McAfee Blogs. Read more: Winning the Game at McAfee: How Gamers Become Cybersecurity Workers Incoming search terms Gta San andreas 3d Java 340x240 rf 2019 in dedomil...	more…
...After an extraordinarily close contest, Google’s artificially intelligent Go-playing computer system has beaten Lee Sedol, one of the world’s top players, in the first game of their historic...	more…
...by Trend Micro Diablo 3 Scams Preempt Game Release Read more: Diablo 3 Scams Preempt Game Release Incoming search terms burma teer counter download game java 320x240 jar terbaru clash...	more…
...popular video games out there, Minecraft, allows users to build worlds out of cubes and create customized virtual avatars to represent themselves within the game. Only now, special add-ons that...	more…
...The Stack Clash vulnerability in Linux, Solaris and BSD-based systems would let attackers gain root privileges and take full control of the machine, Qualys researchers warned Monday. Hosting...	more…
This is experimental project, which search automatically antivirus, security, malware, etc. news and alerts. If you want add/delete source or post, let us know. We will add/delete it. We'd like make place, where you can find security information from various sources with correct backlink back to source.
2017 Antivirus News | Powered by WordPress | Fluxipress Theme | Show My IP Address, check blacklists | Free Favicon, Android and Apple Icon Generator | Bitcoin and Crypto Currency News
Kencing nanah Adalah jenis penyakit kelamin yang dapat di bilang penyakit yang menakutkan. Penyakit ini adalah salah satu penyakit yang dapat menular melalui hubungan intim / seksual. Penyakit ini termasuk penyakit yang susah di sembuhkan. Pada kesempatan kali ini kami De Nature Indonesia ingin menawarkan anda Salah satu produk unggulan kami yaitu Obat Herbal Yang Ampuh Untuk Mengobati Penyakit Kencing Nanah dengan cepat.
Share this awesome report to unlock more downloads. Every person you get to sign up, you unlock 1 point to be used to unlock downloads. Start Sharing Now!
Justice as Fairness Gained Through Wisdom, Truth and Knowledge Fair-mindedness entails a conscious effort to treat all viewpoints alike, without reference to one’s own feelings or self-interests, or the feelings of others, such as a friend or organization. Fairness is...
The Wisdom of the Reflected Light: Divine Illumination in Augustine's Thought [Faith Presbyterian Church of Newtown, PA (Bucks County)]
He [John] was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Light. That was the true Light which gives light to every man coming into the world.
There exists another power, not only that by which I give life to my body, but also that by which I enable its senses to perceive. The Lord made this for me, commanding the eye not to hear, the ear not to see, but providing the eye to see and the ear to hear, and each of the other senses in turn to be in its proper place and carry out its proper function. I who act through these diverse functions am one mind. – Augustine, Confessions [1]
But distinct from [the objects of the intellect] is the light by which the soul is illumined, in order that it may see and truly understand everything, either in itself or in the light. For the light is God himself, whereas the soul is a creature; yet, since it is rational and intellectual, it is made in his image. And when it tries to behold the Light, it trembles in its weakness and finds itself unable to do so. Yet from this source comes all understanding it is able to attain.
Augustine was indebted to Platonism for his conviction that only those things which are characterized by necessity, universality, immutability, and eternity may rightly be declared objects of true knowledge, and that these objects really exist as universal ideas or Forms, upon whose ideal reality the visible things of our world are patterned. He also accepted as true the notion that these Forms – which he referred to in Latin as rationes aeternae, or “eternal reasons” – could be apprehended only by reason, and that they were thus unknowable by means of the senses. Moreover, he retained from Plotinus the crucial notion that the Forms subsist as eternal ideas in the mind of God, and thus partake in the divine attributes. But he rejected, as we shall see, Plato’s attempt to account for this non-empirically acquired knowledge by means of a triple emphasis on recollection, reincarnation, and the preexistence of the soul. In place of such wholly unscriptural doctrines, Augustine elaborated a view by which all human knowledge may be understood as arising by, as it were,the shining of divine light on the objects to be known, by which illumining we attain to true and certain knowledge. “God,” he wrote, “is to the soul what the sun is to the eye. God is not only the truth in, by, and through whom all truths are true. He is not only the wisdom in, by, and through whom all humans are made wise. He is also the light in, by, and through whom all intelligible things are illumined.” [3]
Illumination, therefore, was Augustine’s answer to the question of how we know the eternal ideas which subsist in the mind of God. [4] But the question, in turn, as to what he meant by this has been the cause of much controversy over the centuries. There have been four schools of thought on the matter, and it is to those conflicting understandings of Augustine’s doctrine which we will turn our attention in this paper. First, we will review the underlying issues in Augustine’s move away from Platonic recollection, then we will examine each of the interpretations of his thought with regard to divine illumination.
We hope to show, first, that Augustine’s illumination is not to be identified with Aristotle’s active intellect, insofar as the latter is understood to be that faculty of mind which abstracts essences from phenomenal “snapshots” received and retained by the passive intellect; second, that it is not merely concerned with the issue of the certainty of our knowledge; but, third, that it is in fact the very precondition of all knowledge which can be attained through the senses. Specifically, divine illumination is the origin and sustenance of our wisdom, that knowledge of the eternal Ideas subsisting in the mind of God which we are then enabled to apply as criteria in judging and evaluating the phenomena of our experience. It will be seen that, if this interpretation is correct, Augustine will have anticipated many of the epistemological developments of the last two centuries.
Eugene Portalie frames our issue rather nicely: “The problem under consideration is the explanation of the origin of intellectual ideas which, according to Augustine, are totally different from the inferior knowledge given by the senses. Sense cognition constitutes only science [scientia], whereas he is searching for the origin of wisdom [sapientia]. How do we gain access to the ideas of the divine wisdom?” [5] That is the question which we shall seek to answer.
For Augustine as for Plato, the Forms are eternal and immutable archetypes or patterns of reality. And insofar as all visible things participate in and with the Forms by imitating them, Forms may be understood as the exemplary cause of all things, and indeed as the foundation of all reality. [6] Augustine regarded these Forms as eternally subsisting in the mind of God, and viewed them as “principle forms or stable and unchangeable essences of things. They are themselves not formed, and they are eternal and always in the same state because they are contained in God’s intelligence. They neither come into being nor do they pass away, but everything that can or does come into being and pass away is formed in accordance with them.” [7]
In his dialogue, Phaedo, Plato argues that the knowledge of particular things and relationships has first to be preceded by knowledge of Forms. To demonstrate this, he uses the example of equality, and shows how in judging the relative similarity of any two things, one must first have knowledge of the Equal itself, a necessary principle which proceeds all data, and a criterion against which all data will later be compared (and always fall short). [8] In this manner he refutes the empiricist position – that universals are known through sense experience by a process of abstraction from particular things – and makes his case that Forms, as the only objects of which we can attain true knowledge (in light of their necessity, universality, immutability, and eternity), cannot be known from the senses, but only by reason.
Then, having made a powerful case for a rationalist epistemology, Plato steps out into murkier waters. He reasons that since we began using our sensory faculties from the time we were born, yet could not possibly have gained our knowledge of the Equal by means of sense experience, therefore “we must have acquired it before we were born.” [9] And a little later, he adds, “Our souls, then, existed earlier on, before inhabiting human form; they existed apart from bodies, and they had intelligence.” [10]
Thus, according to Plato, we are able by reason to apprehend the Forms because we can be led by various means to remember them; this is his doctrine of recollection. And the fact that we remember them, though we never acquired this knowledge through the gateways of our senses – senses which have been operational since birth, moreover – suggests that we thus remember knowledge from before this life; this gets into the matters of the preexistence of the soul and reincarnation.
Augustine saw that the underlying principle at work in Plato’s example of the Equal itself – as also for the Greater, the Smaller, the Beautiful, the Good, the Just, the Holy, and so on – is that Forms enable us to make those necessary judgments about finite things by which we can be said to have knowledge of anything at all. Forms, the rationes aeternae, are the standards, the criteria, by which we are able to engage in rational activity and interpret the world, making conscious, reflective judgments about the things we experience. [11] This knowing-in-light-of-Formal-criteria, then, is a crucial enterprise in the operation of our rationality, and the name which Augustine gives to this activity is intellectus, “that activity of the soul or mind which perceives, understands, and judges intelligible things in the divine light of eternal truth.” [12]
Intellectus finds things intelligible and evaluates their veracity and fittingness, by itself and not through bodily sensation and imagination. Just as sense and imagination behold the sensible world, intellectus has as its object the world of intelligible and eternal reality. Unlike ratio inferior and scientia, which refer to temporal things, intellectus is identical with ratio superior or sapientia, that is, the power of inner sight which judges the data of sensory perception according to their likeness to intellectual forms. [13]
Thus our knowledge of the Forms is, for Augustine, the crucial precondition for the rational judgment and evaluation which, when applied to the things of experience, is the basis of our knowledge of them. Or put in other terms, the presence of rationes aeternae in the mind which would seek to understand a given finite fact is synonymous with the wisdom (sapientia) by which sensory-based knowledge (scientia) is possible, and without which scientia would be quite impossible. The fact that the Forms are “there” in and/or available to the rational structure of the human mind, in such manner as to enable any and all processing of phenomena from a meaningless stream of percepts into objects of true knowledge, or concepts, is very interesting in its striking similarity to Kant’s thoughts on human knowledge. In Kant’s system, the formal structure of the mind, with its categories of understanding, is latent until activated by incoming phenomenal content, at which time the former “processes” the latter according to a priori capabilities which were present prior to activation.
As we shall see, this concept of a priori presence, but latent function is a feature of Augustine’s system as well, according to which the rationes aeternae present in and to the human mind are in a sense the structure of human understanding by which all phenomena is understood. In short, Augustine’s Forms do the job of Kant’s categories.
We have seen how, in Augustine’s system, the knowledge of the Forms is essentially the wisdom (sapientia) by which sense-based knowledge (scientia) is made possible. Now we must address the question of how the human mind comes to possess this wisdom? How do we come to know the rationes aeternae which subsist eternally in the mind of God? Let us briefly examine three possible answers which Augustine rejected: knowledge of Forms by sense experience, by Platonic recollection, and by teaching. [14]
We have already discussed Plato’s rejection of the notion that knowledge of the Forms can be acquired through sensory experience when we recalled his use of the Equal itself to prove his case in Phaedo. Augustine rejected this argument, too. “Whoever thinks with exactitude of unity,” he wrote in On the Freedom of the Will, “will discover that it cannot be perceived by the senses. Whatever comes into contact with a bodily sense is proved to be not one but many, for it is corporeal and therefore has innumerable parts.” [15] Unity cannot somehow be abstracted from the confused multiplicity of experience, but exists prior to it. Again, Augustine writes, “True equality and similitude, true and primal unity, are not perceived by the eye of the flesh or by any bodily sense, but are known by the mind.” [16] So knowledge of the Forms is independent of sense experience. (And this only makes sense, given our earlier discussion of intellectus. The Forms enable knowledge of sensory data, not vice versa. To assert that sapientia is the precondition for scientia, but then to say that sapientia is in turn derived or abstracted from scientia renders the entire thought meaningless in its circularity.)
Well then, if the Forms must be known as a precondition for further knowledge, and if they are not knowable by means of sense experience, then the next argument for how we come to know them might be the preexistence of the soul. We have seen that this is the line of reasoning Plato went down along in his elaboration of the doctrine of recollection. Augustine clung to this particular item of philosophical baggage for a time after his conversion, and advocated (in the company of the earlier Origen) the preexistence of souls as a valid Christian doctrine. But as he grew in the faith and in the knowledge of the Bible, he came to see that the position was wholly unscriptural, and he abandoned it. [17] In place of this notion he came to argue that God implanted in us a knowledge of the Forms contemporaneous with our birth. “In other words, Augustine’s account of human knowledge replaced Plato’s appeal to reincarnation and recollection with a theory of innate ideas that belong to humankind by virtue of our creation in the image of God.” [18] And in place of recollection, in the Platonic sense of past lives or eternal preexistence, Augustine would come, as we shall see, to emphasize the role of memory in our knowledge.
This brings us to a third possible source by which we came to know the Forms: teaching. But Augustine rejects this idea as well. In his early work, On the Teacher, he writes, “Concerning universals of which we can have knowledge, we do not listen to anyone speaking and making sounds outside ourselves. We listen to Truth which presides over our minds within us, though of course we may be bidden to listen by someone using words. Our real Teacher is he who is listened to, who is said to dwell in the inner man, namely, Christ, that is, the unchangeable power and eternal wisdom of God.” [19] According to the view which Augustine develops here, the mind can have ideas which exist only in latent form, of which it may remain unconscious.
We remember or actualize latent knowledge of necessary truth stored in what Augustine calls the memory. To know a priori truth is to remember now as a result of the continuous presence of God’s light within us. Thus we learn by consulting the truth present within our own mind… The Forms and laws of mathematics are present in the memory as latent or virtual truth. They are present not necessarily as objects of thought but as predispositions of the mind to think in certain ways. [20]
Memory is thus the link between the earlier view of recollection and the later one of illumination. And while human teaching may serve to trigger the memory, to activate it, in its knowledge of Forms, yet ultimately this awakening is the work of the true Teacher, Jesus Christ.
In summary, then, we have seen that Augustine rejects Plato’s recollection, insofar as it is predicated upon unscriptural notions of the preexistence and reincarnation of the soul. “In its place,” writes Diogenes Allen, “Augustine holds the view that God illumines the mind so that it is able to achieve some knowledge of eternal truths from sensible things since what is nonsensible cannot otherwise be known by the senses.” [21] And he concludes his own discussion of the matter as follows:
Whenever we make a true judgment, it derives its necessity and universality from some illumination of our minds by the Forms in the mind of God. Thus it is from Christ alone, the divine Wisdom, that we gain truth, not only of spiritual matters but about this world. (Augustine never explains very precisely how our minds are illumined by the eternal truths, the Forms.) [22]
The question of just how we come to know the eternal Forms which subsist in the mind of God has generated much controversy over the years. We will examine, very briefly, three of these rival interpretations for what Augustine might have meant by illumination, before proceeding to an analysis of the fourth.
The first view was formulated by Thomas Aquinas, who saw in Augustine’s notion of divine illumination a remarkable similarity to the active intellect of Aristotle. Aristotle distinguished between two aspects or faculties of the mind. There is, on the one hand, the passive intellect, which receives the phenomena flowing into the mind through the gateways of the senses, and which retains phantasms or “snapshots” of the phenomenal objects in the memory. Then there is, on the other hand, the active intellect, which actively abstracts the essential property, the form, from the stored datum, and so constructs the objects of real human knowledge. Of this active intellect, Aristotle claims it to be separable from the body, and immortal. [23] As this runs against the grain of the rest of his system, by which body, soul, and mind are fairly holistic and require each other to continue in existence, the notion of the active intellect’s separability has generated controversy. Moreover, he refers to it as being like light, which when shed on data is capable of illuminating and extracting the essence of a thing, its meaning.
The connection for Thomas was an obvious one, then. He held that Aristotle’s active intellect, an individual and particular aspect of each human being, was synonymous with Augustine’s references to the light by which the human mind knows. [24] But this position effectively turns the rest of Augustine’s system on its head. The function of the active intellect is to extract essences from empirically-derived data. This is the very opposite of Augustine’s conception of wisdom (sapientia) serving as the precondition for knowledge (scientia). As we mentioned before, to invert this, and to attempt to gain sapientia from scientia would, in an Augustinian framework, be absurd.
The second major view is sometimes referred to as the Franciscan theory. This view holds that God’s illumination directly produces, infuses, and impresses the divine forms upon the human mind, and that these infused forms then become our wisdom-norms for judging and evaluating reality. [25] TeSelle writes with reference to this view that “all intelligibles are known ‘in God’ through an immediate vision of God himself.” [26] Frederick Copleston pointed out the obvious weakness of this theory, which is that God’s role of agent intellect would seem to render us merely passive receivers of God’s intellectual activity. [27]
Next, we turn our attention to the view advocated by Copleston and Etienne Gilson, known as the Formal theory. According to this view, God’s illuminating activity is purely formal in nature. Its function is not to impose definite content (as in the Franciscan view) but simply “to convey the quality of certainty and necessity to certain ideas.” [28] Gilson describes the doctrine of illumination in terms of Augustine’s own liberation from skepticism. Augustine, being a rationalist, considered intelligible truth to be the best safeguard against skepticism. The power of “intellectual knowledge,” “true knowledge,” is that it must be so (e.g., 2+2=4), and because it must be so, it must be so universally, and so immutably, and so too eternally. The object of “true knowledge” is in some senses even more certain than ourselves, as we are contingent, temporal, mutable. “Rather,” Gilson continues, “every time the mind forms a judgment, our mind is so to speak in contact with something that is immutable and eternal. But to say ‘immutable’ and ‘eternal’ is tantamount to saying God. The existence of immutable truths in mutable minds is the proof of the existence of God.” [29]
The role of the eternal Forms in our own assurance and certainty of truth is an interesting idea, and is certainly valid as far as it goes, but it seems not to go far enough, nor entirely to do justice to Augustine’s conception of divine illumination, as we shall see. Even so, TeSelle writes:
[The Gilsonian position] is the only one which seems fully defensible to me, [in that it] attempts to think through the problem as Augustine saw it and recognizes that he was concerned not primarily with ‘ideogenesis’ (the origin of ideas in the mind, whether by implantation or by vision or by the activity of man’s own agent intellect) but with the validity of our judgments and the regulating authority under which our minds act… Illumination, at its minimal and most surreptitious level, then, may be experienced as nothing more than a sense of responsibility before higher norms, or a sense of certitude about the validity of one’s knowledge and judgments, or even a hesitant questioning after their validity.” [30]
Thus, “the debate is whether divine illumination is concerned with the origin of our ideas or merely with the ground of their certitude. Was Augustine attempting to show that God is the efficient cause of our ideas of the unchanging forms, or was he trying simply to explain why certain ideas are necessary and immutable?” [31]
The fourth interpretation of Augustine’s doctrine of divine illumination which we will discuss is elaborated by Ronald Nash, and represents a substantial modification of the Franciscan theory which we discussed above. He begins his argument by explaining that any adequate account of the issue must deal with three seeming paradoxes in Augustine’s thought: first, that the human intellect is both active and passive with regard to the forms; second, that the forms both are and are not separate from the human mind; and third, that the human mind both is and is not a light that makes knowledge possible. [32] We will examine these in order.
The first paradox – that the human intellect is both active and passive – is resolved by our seeing clearly what we have been saying through the length of this paper, that the mind is passive in its receipt of the knowledge of the forms (wisdom, sapientia), but active in its knowing (scientia) of corporeal things. Put another way, the eternal Forms are imprinted on us, our knowledge of them a given; conversely, though phenomena might be said to “imprint” themselves on us also, yet the mind is active in scientia because this phenomena we encounter must be judged according to the Forms.
With regard to the second paradox – that the forms both are and are not separate from the human mind – listen to this passage by Augustine from On the Trinity: “If the eternal reasons are not distinct from the human mind, they will suffer from the same mutability and finiteness that characterize human reason… [But] unless something of our own [mind] were subjoined to them [the Forms], we should not be able to employ them as our measures by which to judge of corporeal things.” [33] The solution to this paradox is recalling that we are created in God’s image, to image God and to think His thoughts after Him, to His glory. Thus we can say that Forms subsist first in the mind of God, then secondarily and in a derived sense, in the rational structure of human beings, created in the image of God. [34] Accordingly, writes Nash, “innate ideas exist within the mind implicitly or virtually. Even when they are not present as objects of conscious thought, they are in the mind as predispositions of the mind to think in certain ways. Human knowledge involves an actualization of latent or virtual knowledge stored in the mind.” [35]
Finally, with regard to the third paradox – that the human mind both is and is not the light which makes knowledge possible – while Augustine makes clear in On the Gospel According to John, 3.4, that “the light of minds [the light which makes knowledge possible] is above all minds,” yet in his Against Faustus, 20.7, he suggests that there are two lights that make knowledge possible – the uncreated light of God and the created light of the human intellect. [36] Nash uses the example of the moon deriving its light from the source, the sun; so too must the rational mind be regarded as a reflection of the truth it images, God. The effect is that all human knowledge is a consequence of the shining of two lights. Or, to put it differently, we know God’s truth because the rational structure of our minds are patterned after the eternal Forms of his own mind. Accordingly, “as an inherent part of our rational nature, we possess forms of thought by which we know and judge sensible things… All the truths of reason have their ground in [God’s] very being; they subsist in his own mind. Because humankind was created in the image of God, the human mind is a secondary and derivative source of light that reflects in a creaturely way the rationality of the Creator.” [37]
Nash concludes that the Forms which the human mind know are a priori, virtual preconditions of knowledge – that is, they cannot be derived by experience, they are in the mind even when not objects of thought, and they are necessary in the acquisition of all knowledge, by means of their application to sensory data as criteria and standards of judgment, evaluation, and analysis.
Among all the interpretations we have presented, thus, this last seems best to conform with the rationalist emphasis of Augustine’s thinking. We see that Augustine’s doctrine of illumination points to an ongoing illumination of the human mind by God, by which the human mind’s wisdom is activated. Reflecting God’s light, the light of our mind then proceeds to judge and to evaluate phenomena of our experience, unto knowledge. And the light which lightens every mind and makes knowledge possible is the divine Logos, Jesus Christ, our Teacher.
Near the beginning of our paper, we framed the question as Portalie asked it: “How do we gain access to the ideas of the divine wisdom?” [38] The answer, according to Augustine’s theory of divine illumination, is that we gain this access by God’s enlightening. Specifically, illumination may be understood as that ongoing “shining” activity of God by which humans are enabled to know the Ideas which subsist eternally in His mind – Ideas which were already there “impressed” on our souls from birth, by virtue of our being made in God’s image, but latent, awaiting activation to then serve as the wisdom of the reflected light, the rational criteria of the human mind, by which we may then judge and evaluate the phenomena we experience and come, in light of these evaluations, to knowledge of the world around us.
I'm from Pennsylvania and love the South! I've been teaching at Fallon Park for three years, and I am so proud of our school community.
Neither DurangoSong. Sep 06, · T- Series Presents Latest Hindi Song " GAL BAN GAYI " our brand new single by Meet Bros ft.
Double- click the downloaded file to install the software. He is an actor known for Sholay ( 1975), director Trishuland Aisi Bhi Kya Jaldi Hai ( 1996).
Music Dj Twinbeatz Lyrics compose by Kulshan Sandhu. Sachin was born on August 17 State of Bombay, 1957 in Bombay India as Sachin Pilgaonkar. Com nor the Durango Songwriters Expo makes any claim to authorship of the content posted here on the Post Your Lyrics page. Save_ [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] jeff. Ankh honey singh song download.
Ankh garry hothi feat yo yo honey singh free mp3 found at djpunjab. Com just announced the opening of their retail store at 7130 Oak Ridge Highway in Knoxville, TN. Incarcat de Accesari 1109 Data 30. Ankh honey singh song download.
Com Download Mp3 Songs Full Album as 320Kbps 128Kbps 190Kbps Mp3 Songs Free Download with zip file High Quality Mp3 Songs iTunes Rip Original Soundtrack Free Download Featured Albums Trending song. They are located in the former location of ProGreen Plus. Oct 03 · Love Dose Honey Singh Video Song Song – Love Dose Album – Desi Kalakaar ( ) Starring – Yo Yo Honey Singh Urvashi Rautela Singer & Music – Yo!
Enter a word ( two) above you' ll get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by jamming together words that are conceptually related to your inputs. Khoon Vich Garmi ( Ankh) - Gary Hothi ft Yo Yo Honey Singh mp3 song Download PagalWorld. You can download or play Teri Ankho Ka Yo Kajal Song Download Mr Jatt with best mp3 quality online streaming.
Tom tries to convince Veronica to fight hate, but A Wrinkle In Time has her questioning love' s power. Download directly here.
The development of the organic job and function of bone replacement fabrics is among the major issues of orthopaedic and dental surgical procedure experts. Biomimetic nanocrystalline apatites convey more desirable and tunable reactivity in addition to unique floor homes concerning their composition and mode of formation. artificial nanocrystalline apatites analogous to bone mineral may be simply ready in aqueous media and one in all their finest features is the life of a hydrated floor layer containing labile ionic species. Ion trade and macromolecule adsorption tactics can simply and speedily ensue because of powerful interactions with the encompassing fluids. The ion mobility within the hydrated layer permits direct crystal-crystal or crystal-substrate bonding.The wonderful characterisation of those very reactive nanocrystals is key and will be comprehensive with various instruments together with chemical research and spectroscopic options akin to FTIR, Raman and stable kingdom NMR. The reactivity of the hydrated layer of apatite nanocrystals bargains fabric scientists and scientific engineers wide probabilities for the layout of biomaterials with superior bioactivity utilizing unconventional processing. certainly apatitic biomaterials will be processed at low temperature which preserves their floor reactivity and organic houses. they could even be linked in quite a few methods with lively molecules and/or ions. numerous examples of use and processing of nanocrystalline apatites interested in the training of tissue-engineered biomaterials, cements, ceramics, composites and coatings on steel prostheses are offered.
Nanotechnology offers us with instruments to create useful fabrics, units, and structures by means of controlling fabrics on the atomic and molecular scales via using novel houses and phenomena. because such a lot chemical and organic sensors, in addition to many actual sensors, depend upon interactions taking place in the nanoscale variety, the influence that nanotechnology may have at the sensor international is important.
The exceptional keep an eye on of coherence that may be exercised in quantum optics of atoms and molecules has influenced expanding efforts in extending it to solid-state platforms. One motivation to take advantage of the coherent phenomena comes from the emergence of the quantum details paradigm, notwithstanding many extra capability gadget functions starting from novel lasers to spintronics are all sure up with concerns in coherence.
This article offers an advent, on the point of a complicated pupil in engineering or physics, to the sector of nanomechanics and nanomechanical units. It presents a unified dialogue of stable mechanics, with notation in line with smooth conference. A dialogue of electric transducer purposes is integrated, overlaying such themes as piezoresistance and piezoelecticity.
A finished review of the actual mechanisms that keep watch over electron delivery and the features of metal-molecule-metal (MMM) junctions. so far as attainable, equipment and formalisms awarded in other places to investigate electron shipping via molecules are refrained from. This name introduces simple concepts--a description of the electron shipping via molecular junctions—and in brief describes correct experimental equipment.
APATITE COATINGS The main subject of concern with the well-known metallic prostheses is the interface between the surrounding bone and the implant surface. During the last two decades various coating methods leading to hydroxyapatite (HA)-coated prostheses combining the good mechanical properties of metals with the excellent biocompatibility and bioactivity of calcium phosphate have been studied. HAcoating is known to improve bone formation when in contact with bone tissue (osteoconduction) and to facilitate the anchorage between the bone tissue and the prosthesis (biointegration).
In this context, the maturation state of nanocrystalline apatites has to be considered as a major parameter in the preparation of nanocrystalline apatitebased biomaterials, as it controls important factors after implantation such as dissolution rate. The surface reactivity (see next section) is also modified by the apatite maturation. In parallel to chemical composition changes upon maturation, other physicochemical characteristics also evolve. In particular, an increase in crystallite size can be clearly seen (figure 10).
Finally, the nature of the amino acid was found to play a role in the amount that can be bound on biomimetic apatites. Indeed, Bihi et al. studied the adsorption of alanine and phenylalanine on such compounds, and observed that the increase of the size of the amino acid side chain led to a decrease of maximum uptake at saturation [Bihi 2002]. Chapter 7 PROCESSING OF NANOCRYSTALLINE APATITE-BASED BIOMATERIALS Nanocrystalline calcium phosphate apatites are interesting biomaterials due to their surface reactivity which has just started to be explored.
This ebook offers an interdisciplinary evaluation of a brand new and extensive type of fabrics below the unifying identify Nanostructured delicate topic. It covers fabrics starting from brief amphiphilic molecules to dam copolymers, proteins, colloids and their composites, micro emulsions and bio-inspired platforms akin to vesicles. The e-book considers a number of basic questions, together with: how self-assembly of assorted tender fabrics with inner constitution on the nanoscale could be understood, managed and in destiny utilized in the newly rising box of soppy nanotechnology. The publication deals readers a view at the topic from diversified views, combining smooth experimental ways from actual chemistry and physics with numerous theoretical options from physics, arithmetic and the main complicated desktop modelling. it's the first e-book of this kind within the box. All chapters are written by means of prime overseas specialists, bringing jointly adventure from Canada, Germany, nice Britain, Japan, the Netherlands, Russia, Singapore, Spain and the us. The e-book is orientated in the direction of energetic researchers in addition to undergraduate and graduate scholars.
Nanotechnology presents us with instruments to create practical fabrics, units, and structures through controlling fabrics on the atomic and molecular scales by way of employing novel homes and phenomena. for the reason that such a lot chemical and organic sensors, in addition to many actual sensors, depend upon interactions taking place in the nanoscale variety, the influence that nanotechnology can have at the sensor international is important.
The unheard of regulate of coherence that may be exercised in quantum optics of atoms and molecules has prompted expanding efforts in extending it to solid-state structures. One motivation to take advantage of the coherent phenomena comes from the emergence of the quantum details paradigm, in spite of the fact that many extra power equipment purposes starting from novel lasers to spintronics are all certain up with concerns in coherence.
This article presents an creation, on the point of a complicated scholar in engineering or physics, to the sector of nanomechanics and nanomechanical units. It presents a unified dialogue of reliable mechanics, with notation in keeping with glossy conference. A dialogue of electric transducer purposes is integrated, protecting such themes as piezoresistance and piezoelecticity.
A entire evaluation of the actual mechanisms that keep an eye on electron shipping and the features of metal-molecule-metal (MMM) junctions. so far as attainable, equipment and formalisms offered somewhere else to research electron shipping via molecules are shunned. This identify introduces easy concepts--a description of the electron delivery via molecular junctions—and in brief describes suitable experimental tools.
Nanotalk: Conversations With Scientists And Engineers About Ethics, Meaning, And Belief in the Development of Nanotechnology
In the waning years of the nineteenth century, the steel barons from Pittsburgh enjoyed a private retreat in the mountains of Cambria County. Known as the South Form Fishing and Hunting Club, the members included Andrew Carnegie and Henry Clay Frick. Life was easy along the lake until the rains came that day. The storm began on Memorial Day and continued through the night.
Cresson House Bed & Breakfast is a classic Colonial home tastefully decorated and nestled in the Allegheny Mountains of Central Pennsylvania. Just minutes away from I-99, they feature warm hospitality and amenities such as spacious grounds, central air conditioning, full complimentary breakfast and five rooms with private baths. Relax on the wrap-around porch in the country rocking chairs. Cresson House is ideal for the business traveler as well as visiting family and friends.
The experience begins the moment you walk through the door of Asiago's restaurant. The tasteful Romanesque atmosphere beckons you with warmth, ideal for an intimate dinner, family gathering, business lunch, or special occasion party.
Johnstown's annual Thunder in the Valley motorcycle rally is held the fourth weekend in June. While the city of Johnstown serves as the hub of the rally, related events take place throughout the entire Johnstown region.
Главная | Новости | О компании | Каталог | Партнерство | Статьи | Где купить | Контакты | Чаво? | Сертификаты
The Greek Plutarch, the father of histories: "I proclaim in three one sole exalted-ruler God, the endless word within an innocent pregnant girl. For as a fire-bearing bow he spans, and gives life to all the world, and is offered as a gift to the Father."
St. Justin the Martyr and Philosopher, along with Homer the Historian (http://enaskitis.blogspot.com/2011/09/blog-post.html)
P. Zoupides (Kallithea, Alexandroupolis) writes: At Pascha in 2003, our only child Joanna (then 4 years old), got sick with a high feaver and otitis. With two doses of strong antibiotics, her body's defenses fell. On May 23rd, she woke us up crying, doubled [in pain] on her bed. After countless tests, they sent us to the Hospital, and from there to Thessaloniki or Athens, because only there could they do a myelogram. On June 2nd we entered the Hematology-Oncology center of AHEPA. Terrible was the sight of so many children there! They drew countless blood and in the end, they did a myelogram. The next day, Director-Professor Fani Athanasiadou told us that our child had dual type acute lymphoblastic leukemia, of T, but primarily B cells, a rare presentation. She would have to be admitted, start chemotherapy, which she probably wouldn't have been able to take...
“St. Nicholas. He was wearing black clothes, and he told me, Daddy, that you should go to the Monastery to bring me a small icon of St. Raphael to put above my head, below the icon of Christouli [Christ], there...he is making me well.” At that point she raised her hands and pointed to the icon of Christ that was nailed to the wall above her head.
My God, what things were going through our minds! A unique experience: from sorrow to come joy, from agony, strength, from a tear, faith, and from pain, hope.
It is worth noting that these were words from a four-year-old child, who had never heard of Saints till that point. And furthermore, my mother and I had St. Nicholas [of Myra] as our sole protector.
We ran from excitement to the street and began to ask who was that Saint, and where is that Monastery nearby.
And oh, how great are the signs of God! In the room next door (no. 7) was a sick three-year-old blessed boy (like an angel) Vasilaki, whom the doctors had diagnosed with a tumor on his nose one day before, and who was beginning treatments.
His parents immediately explained that their aunt obviously knew of the monastery of St. Raphael in Griva, Goumenissa, and with great faith they told her:
“Don't let anyone bother the child until I go to the Monastery and bring back holy oil and holy water to cross him with.”
That is what happened. Their aunt went to the Monastery of Griva, entreated the Saints from her soul, and took a bottle of holy oil and holy water. When she reached the hospital, she crossed the child with holy oil and gave him holy water to drink. At the same time, she also read the supplication service to the Saints [Raphael, Nicholas and Irene].
The next morning they resumed their endless tests on the boy, and they all came back negative. The child was totally clear, there was no tumor anywhere. At the hour when the parents and aunt of the child in room 7 were rejoicing, at that instant, my mother was leaving room 6 and almost fell down, seeing them dance from their joy. They told her the miracle of the Saint to their boy, and she called me to hear with my own ears and to tell us to go to this monastery ourselves. The boy's father made a map of the path from Thessaloniki to Griva, and we said our goodbyes.
Without a second discussion, we left with my mother for the monastery. When we got there around 3:30PM, we saw a monk, to whom we explained our little girl's state. He took us to the small church where they have the relics of the Saints and began to read the Paraklesis. Until that moment, none of us could understand what exactly was going on, where and how we got there.
And soon the answer to the mystery was revealed. During the Paraklesis, we heard them commemorate Sts. Raphael, Nicholas and Irene. I turned to stare at my mother. I lifted up my eyes and gazed upon the icon of the three Saints, and began to read their names. Then I understood that: “the Papouli Nicholas” which my daughter mentioned was the Saint from St. Raphael's group, the Saint which none of us knew, though it is clear that he knew us, and sent his intercessions. We burst into tears. We who are so unworthy, were granted to experience such a miracle. We embraced and kissed the all-sacred relics of the Saints, crying, and as our tears fell, we entreated the Saints to help our child in these difficult hours which she was going through, in which we could do nothing but simply watch.
Then the monk gave us holy oil and holy water to cross our daughter with, and urged us to have three Divine Liturgies done in Joanna's name, to go to Holy Confession, and to take Holy Communion, if we could. And of course he mentioned that it would be good, if possible, to go venerate at the place of martyrdom of the Saints on the island of Mytilene.
My child was rescued from certain death by a miracle of the Saints (an extensive description and pictures of the child were recently sent to the monastery).
"And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth...And of his fulness have all we received, and grace for grace. For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ." John 1: 14, 16-17
Glory to the Father and to the Son and to the Holy Spirit, now and forever, and to the ages of ages! Amen!
"As the Prophets saw, as the Apostles taught, as the Church has received, as the Teachers express in dogma, as the inhabited world understands together with them, as grace illumines, as the truth makes clear, as error has been banished, as wisdom makes bold to declare, as Christ has assured, so we think, so we speak, so we preach, honouring Christ our true God, and his Saints, in words, in writings, in thoughts, in sacrifices, in churches, in icons, worshipping and revering the One as God and Lord, and honouring them because of their common Lord as those who are close to him and serve him, and making to them relative veneration.<?xml:namespace prefix = u1 /> This is the faith of the Apostles; this is the faith of the Fathers; this is the faith of the Orthodox; this faith makes fast the inhabited world."
By the Grace of God, here are presented a few true stories of the Saints, sayings of the Holy Fathers, sacred icons, and many other things so that, maybe in a small way, we may remind ourselves that (though we might not be ready to accept it) Jesus Christ is the WAY, the TRUTH, and the LIFE, and that the Holy Orthodox Church is full of Christ's GRACE and TRUTH, and is no less than the Kingdom of God on earth.
I must say that I am not a part of the clergy, so I hope to primarily put forth quotations from the Gospel, Saints and Holy Fathers, and not my own opinions. But if you see my own words or opinions, keep in mind that they are my opinions or comments and they have little weight, as opposed to the quotations from Christ, the Saints and the Fathers which do.
I ask forgiveness if in this site any of my passions are acting, hindering the Grace of the Holy Spirit because of my sins. I apologize for any errors of mine, mistakes, problems with translations, etc. due to my ignorance and conceit. If anyone notices any mistakes or can suggest a better translation, please let me know. I try to post all of my sources. Please also let me know if I am violating any copyrights or other laws, and I will do my best to comply.
-I try to update this site fairly regularly. If you are looking for a specific subject, feel free to search for an earlier post that might cover it. I habitually go back and update previous posts too, so though there may not be new info at the top of the site(e.g. for some saint or feast), it's possible that I've updated a previous post with more information, images, etc.
-Please consider the sources for all materials presented. I try to only post reliable information, but I can't be held responsible for every inconsistency or incorrect fact. If you notice an error, please post a comment and let me know. Please keep in perspective material presented without a source, or amateur translations from me.
-Though I don't have explicit permission to reproduce all the material I use on this blog, if I am made aware of some copyright or usage issues, I am very willing to remove the materials in question. If you quote or use material from my blog, please cite the sources where I took it from. If you use some of my amateur translations, please make it clear somehow that it was not a professional translation (unless you can verify my translation).
-Please do not make comments to a post that are irrelevant to the topic being discussed. If there are general comments / questions about the blog, feel free to search for and comment on one of the posts titled "Blog Info / Updates / Suggestions". Comments that are irrelevant to the topic of the post will be deleted.
-If you have a question or a comment about the topic of sources of a post, feel free to comment. However, I ask you to avoid being argumentative, accusatory, combative or bickering. This was not envisioned as a forum for debates, but as another venue to present the stories, writings and miracles of the Holy Fathers and the Church.
openscenegraph 3 cookbook by wang rui qian xuelei 2012 paperback no short description openscenegraph 3 cookbook by wang rui qian xuelei 2012 paperback because this is pdf file PDF file
openscenegraph 3 cookbook by wang rui qian xuelei 2012 paperback no short description openscenegraph 3 cookbook by wang rui qian xuelei 2012 paperback because this is doc file DOC file
grade 12 sba 2014 teachears guide no short description grade 12 sba 2014 teachears guide because this is doc file DOC file
anatomy and physiology 5th edition no short description anatomy and physiology 5th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
anatomy and physiology 5th edition no short description anatomy and physiology 5th edition because this is doc file DOC file
the price of civilization reawakening american virtue and prosperity no short description the price of civilization reawakening american virtue and prosperity because this is pdf file PDF file
the price of civilization reawakening american virtue and prosperity no short description the price of civilization reawakening american virtue and prosperity because this is doc file DOC file
spiral forecasting natures inside track to future success no short description spiral forecasting natures inside track to future success because this is doc file DOC file
century 21 accounting 7e advanced course working papers chapters 11 24 no short description century 21 accounting 7e advanced course working papers chapters 11 24 because this is doc file DOC file
piano exam pieces 2015 2016 grade 6 selected from the 2015 2016 syllabus abrsm exam pieces no short description piano exam pieces 2015 2016 grade 6 selected from the 2015 2016 syllabus abrsm exam pieces because this is pdf file PDF file
piano exam pieces 2015 2016 grade 6 selected from the 2015 2016 syllabus abrsm exam pieces no short description piano exam pieces 2015 2016 grade 6 selected from the 2015 2016 syllabus abrsm exam pieces because this is doc file DOC file
2004 f 350 owners manual no short description 2004 f 350 owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
2004 f 350 owners manual no short description 2004 f 350 owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
automotive electrics systems and components networking hybrid drive automotive electronics series no short description automotive electrics systems and components networking hybrid drive automotive electronics series because this is pdf file PDF file
automotive electrics systems and components networking hybrid drive automotive electronics series no short description automotive electrics systems and components networking hybrid drive automotive electronics series because this is doc file DOC file
owners manual craftsman lawn mower 917 no short description owners manual craftsman lawn mower 917 because this is pdf file PDF file
owners manual craftsman lawn mower 917 no short description owners manual craftsman lawn mower 917 because this is doc file DOC file
student solution manual chemistry houghton mifflin no short description student solution manual chemistry houghton mifflin because this is pdf file PDF file
student solution manual chemistry houghton mifflin no short description student solution manual chemistry houghton mifflin because this is doc file DOC file
mice and men pearson longman edition no short description mice and men pearson longman edition because this is pdf file PDF file
mice and men pearson longman edition no short description mice and men pearson longman edition because this is doc file DOC file
baby moses and the princess i can read the beginners bible no short description baby moses and the princess i can read the beginners bible because this is pdf file PDF file
baby moses and the princess i can read the beginners bible no short description baby moses and the princess i can read the beginners bible because this is doc file DOC file
succeeding in college with asperger syndrome a student guide no short description succeeding in college with asperger syndrome a student guide because this is pdf file PDF file
succeeding in college with asperger syndrome a student guide no short description succeeding in college with asperger syndrome a student guide because this is doc file DOC file
mount vernon love story a novel of george and martha washington no short description mount vernon love story a novel of george and martha washington because this is pdf file PDF file
mount vernon love story a novel of george and martha washington no short description mount vernon love story a novel of george and martha washington because this is doc file DOC file
solution manual to continuum mechanics no short description solution manual to continuum mechanics because this is pdf file PDF file
solution manual to continuum mechanics no short description solution manual to continuum mechanics because this is doc file DOC file
cell energy study guide answer no short description cell energy study guide answer because this is pdf file PDF file
cell energy study guide answer no short description cell energy study guide answer because this is doc file DOC file
creating aging friendly communities andrew scharlach no short description creating aging friendly communities andrew scharlach because this is pdf file PDF file
creating aging friendly communities andrew scharlach no short description creating aging friendly communities andrew scharlach because this is doc file DOC file
the greatest story ever sold the decline and fall of truth from 911 to katrina no short description the greatest story ever sold the decline and fall of truth from 911 to katrina because this is pdf file PDF file
the greatest story ever sold the decline and fall of truth from 911 to katrina no short description the greatest story ever sold the decline and fall of truth from 911 to katrina because this is doc file DOC file
your first step to becoming a millionaire real estate agent a new agents guide to starting their brokerage career no short description your first step to becoming a millionaire real estate agent a new agents guide to starting their brokerage career because this is pdf file PDF file
your first step to becoming a millionaire real estate agent a new agents guide to starting their brokerage career no short description your first step to becoming a millionaire real estate agent a new agents guide to starting their brokerage career because this is doc file DOC file
art deco designscdrom book no short description art deco designscdrom book because this is pdf file PDF file
art deco designscdrom book no short description art deco designscdrom book because this is doc file DOC file
the violence of men new techniques for working with abusive families a therapy of social action no short description the violence of men new techniques for working with abusive families a therapy of social action because this is pdf file PDF file
the violence of men new techniques for working with abusive families a therapy of social action no short description the violence of men new techniques for working with abusive families a therapy of social action because this is doc file DOC file
smash the bar exam structure of model bar essays e book model essay writing lessons in 7 areas of law look inside no short description smash the bar exam structure of model bar essays e book model essay writing lessons in 7 areas of law look inside because this is pdf file PDF file
smash the bar exam structure of model bar essays e book model essay writing lessons in 7 areas of law look inside no short description smash the bar exam structure of model bar essays e book model essay writing lessons in 7 areas of law look inside because this is doc file DOC file
The Road Home by Jim Harrison no short description The Road Home by Jim Harrison because this is pdf file PDF file
The Road Home by Jim Harrison no short description The Road Home by Jim Harrison because this is doc file DOC file
agatha christies detectives five complete novels no short description agatha christies detectives five complete novels because this is pdf file PDF file
agatha christies detectives five complete novels no short description agatha christies detectives five complete novels because this is doc file DOC file
think and grow rich 10 cd set no short description think and grow rich 10 cd set because this is pdf file PDF file
think and grow rich 10 cd set no short description think and grow rich 10 cd set because this is doc file DOC file
the madwoman in the attic the woman writer and the nineteenth century literary imagination yale nota bene s no short description the madwoman in the attic the woman writer and the nineteenth century literary imagination yale nota bene s because this is pdf file PDF file
the madwoman in the attic the woman writer and the nineteenth century literary imagination yale nota bene s no short description the madwoman in the attic the woman writer and the nineteenth century literary imagination yale nota bene s because this is doc file DOC file
environmental science 12th edition no short description environmental science 12th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
environmental science 12th edition no short description environmental science 12th edition because this is doc file DOC file
nasa and the space industry new series in nasa history no short description nasa and the space industry new series in nasa history because this is pdf file PDF file
nasa and the space industry new series in nasa history no short description nasa and the space industry new series in nasa history because this is doc file DOC file
organic chemistry stephen stoker answers no short description organic chemistry stephen stoker answers because this is doc file DOC file
the allies of humanity book two the allies of humanity book two no short description the allies of humanity book two the allies of humanity book two because this is pdf file PDF file
the allies of humanity book two the allies of humanity book two no short description the allies of humanity book two the allies of humanity book two because this is doc file DOC file
inventor business studies form 4 dowload no short description inventor business studies form 4 dowload because this is pdf file PDF file
inventor business studies form 4 dowload no short description inventor business studies form 4 dowload because this is doc file DOC file
those 80s cars gm black white no short description those 80s cars gm black white because this is pdf file PDF file
those 80s cars gm black white no short description those 80s cars gm black white because this is doc file DOC file
health professional and patient interaction 8e health professional patient interaction purtilo no short description health professional and patient interaction 8e health professional patient interaction purtilo because this is pdf file PDF file
health professional and patient interaction 8e health professional patient interaction purtilo no short description health professional and patient interaction 8e health professional patient interaction purtilo because this is doc file DOC file
project management larson solutions manual no short description project management larson solutions manual because this is doc file DOC file
lick elbow questions never thought ebook no short description lick elbow questions never thought ebook because this is pdf file PDF file
lick elbow questions never thought ebook no short description lick elbow questions never thought ebook because this is doc file DOC file
technical analysis of stock trends no short description technical analysis of stock trends because this is pdf file PDF file
technical analysis of stock trends no short description technical analysis of stock trends because this is doc file DOC file
building project management centers of excellence no short description building project management centers of excellence because this is pdf file PDF file
building project management centers of excellence no short description building project management centers of excellence because this is doc file DOC file
step one aa the foundation of recovery no short description step one aa the foundation of recovery because this is pdf file PDF file
step one aa the foundation of recovery no short description step one aa the foundation of recovery because this is doc file DOC file
chapter 21 guided reading the triumphs of a crusade answers no short description chapter 21 guided reading the triumphs of a crusade answers because this is pdf file PDF file
chapter 21 guided reading the triumphs of a crusade answers no short description chapter 21 guided reading the triumphs of a crusade answers because this is doc file DOC file
improve your writing skills powerful techniques for mastering writing no short description improve your writing skills powerful techniques for mastering writing because this is pdf file PDF file
improve your writing skills powerful techniques for mastering writing no short description improve your writing skills powerful techniques for mastering writing because this is doc file DOC file
protein power protein protein first protein power protein diet for weight loss no short description protein power protein protein first protein power protein diet for weight loss because this is pdf file PDF file
protein power protein protein first protein power protein diet for weight loss no short description protein power protein protein first protein power protein diet for weight loss because this is doc file DOC file
the holy bible hip hop version no short description the holy bible hip hop version because this is doc file DOC file
And......Prime Minister of a country in technology! [You must be registered and logged in to see this image.] [You must be registered and logged in to see this image.]
Learn more, answer, you will need to contact Zynga Poker site to see if they are having problems with their server.Drop 7, empires and Allies, farmVille, farmVille.Qualcomm hsusb device driver windows 7 download Qualcomm hsusb device driver windows 7 download..
The main purpose of my service / your subscription with me is #1. for you to make / make more money #2. make you a better investor by doing more things right and less things wrong….so I thought debunking the lottery today was relevant with the Powerball reaching some insane highs.
A number of months ago, I debunked a fallacy in betting in which the parlay bet was being demonized by many, even sharp, gamblers…especially sharp bettors. I pointed out that the three team parlay offers better return than true odds (that is, the house actually eats a slight vig read past emails). Two teamers are a solid deal, but for 4+ teamers, the gap between true value and actual widens negatively and exponentially. The lottery is even worse and there is a similarity:
*As the odds of winning and VALUE go down, the more people want to make the bet (and yes, buying a lotto ticket is a “bet” although technically it should be considered something else). Last year Americans spent a total of $70.15 billion on lottery tickets, according to the North American Association of State and Provincial Lotteries.
As always, my statements aren’t opinions of mine; they’re facts. I’ve never bought a lotto or powerball ticket and I 99.9% likely never will. Why?
Lotto tickets being a fool bet probably isn’t anything new to anyone (I hope); so why bring it up? Not to insult anyone’s intelligence clearly; as I assume you’ve all heard these things.
The Question: Is it okay to buy a lotto since it only costs a dollar or five or ten and there isn’t much to lose?
My answer: absolutely not. My guess is that if 90%+ of frequent lotto ticket buyers were presented with the proposition: will the earth turn on its axis fully in the next 48 hours? $1000 to win a ten cents — most wouldn’t take the bet; they’ll take the bet though where there is a better chance of being struck by lightning for a dollar. I’d take that bet any day of the week.
Buying a lotto ticket with that mindset (“oh come on, it is just a dollar”) is like selling your financial soul. I’m all about not setting bad precedents; maybe you know how it goes: you break a 20 dollar bill and have some singles and buy a sucker that isn’t worth a penny. “Just this once” — These little fool purchases are so easily forgotten until they all add up and even then, it is hard to put your finger on what it was exactly that ate away your bank account.
Anyways, so much for New Years resolutions….never too late to change. At a minimum, by lotto tickets privately — if you have kids and want them to respect you, don’t indulge your guilty pleasure in front of them.
This Web site, as well as the subscribers' newsletter is for entertainment purposes only and does not promote or advocate gambling. Wagers, wager amounts and sports selections are presented for sports tracking purposes only and do not represent real money or real wagers. ProComputerGambler does not allow users to place wagers or deposit funds for wagers. Additionally, none of the given information is to be construed as an act of transmitting information as to wagers, betting odds, or changes in betting odds. Additionally, and due to the nature of the service, no refunds can or ever will be given or 'guaranteed'.
As the name suggests, the AP is made up of newspapers and radio and TV stations. All affiliates contribute to the AP and share stories and photos.
Their motto for its "Reveal" project is: "There is always more to the story." As such, this organ focuses offers more substantive pieces on important subjects than most outlets.
It won a Webby for its online news coverage. Although it's run out of the United Kingdom, its coverage of the U.S. news is excellent.
The Chicago Tribune was founded in 1847 and continues to serve not only the eponymous metropolis but also the nation at large. It leans right of center, so it offers a nice counterpoint to the NYT
A top secret 'Ghost Army' of artist-soldiers fooled Hitler’s troops. One of its last members is living a quiet life in Schaumburg.
A London-based newspaper. It won a Webby in 2016 for its news coverage, and it is becoming increasingly popular among United States readers.
Ignore the hot air from cabinet members about a no-deal Brexit – a third of them just want Theresa May&apos;s job
Black security guard who saved day after drunk customers open fire on bar was then shot dead by police
California wildfires: Residents share images of missing loved ones and pets as search for hundreds continues
The Intercept was founded after the Snowden leaks. The site is dedicated to exposing injustice and corruption. It won a Webby award in 2016.
Democrats Should Remember Al Gore Won Florida in 2000 — but Lost the Presidency With a Pre-emptive Surrender
The U.S. Will Stop Refueling Saudi-Led Coalition Jets in Yemen, but Progressives in Congress Want More
Michigan’s Democratic Governor-Elect Puts Blue Cross Blue Shield Executive on Transition Team — After the Company Funded Her Campaign
As soon as possible to rest, First to help improve.. The Speediest throughout the world. Managed We Ignore the start of working out Movement?
As soon as possible to rest, First to help improve.. The Speediest throughout the world.www.forumdocabal.com/ Managed We Ignore the start of working out Movement?
Early to rest, earlier to improve comprises a person completely happy, well-off and ‘Oh, Mother, a few minutes significantly more, please be sure to!’ Discovered this right before? Continue reading →
Posted in EduCheap Tagged buy cheap essay, cheap and fast essay writing service, cheap college essay writing service, cheap essay american writing service, cheap essay help, cheap essay writer, cheap essay writers, cheap essay writing service canada, cheap essay writing service uk, cheap essay writing services uk, cheap reliable essay writing service in 3 hours, cheap reliable urgent essay writing service, cheap term paper writing service, cheapest essay writing service, cheapest essay writing service uk, essay cheap, essay writer online uk, essay writing service uk, fast urgent paper writing service cheap
[ad_1] A flexible term that allows senior citizen homeowners to raise funds that can be used for college schooling or traveling is offered by reverse […]
JUST UPDATED!! USDA Loan Rates and Requirements.Stay in the know with Don Goettling and Gino Fronti by texting NREC to the # “58885” or visit […]
Which Loan is Right for Your Home [Infographic] Some Down Payment requirements vary with the lender. Related
Calculate your monthly mortgage payment using the free calculator below. Save money on your home loan today.
Mortgages for first time buyers, remortgage or home movers. Use our online mortgage calculator and get a mortgage quote today!
Learn the various payment methods that are accepted in order to pay your Ford Credit bill including online payments, mobile payments, Western Union & more!
- Hyr från folk i Honolulu, Hawaii från kr SEK/natt. Hitta unika ställen att bo med lokala värdar i länder. Passa alltid in med Airbnb. Yoga Loft Hawaii, Waipahu: Har fått av 5, kolla 50 recensioner för Yoga between more traditionally intensive exercise programs, only to get more out of it . Utforska MMorria Nickless anslagstavla "TRH-HAWAII" på Pinterest. | Visa fler idéer om Sovrum, Visa mer. Easy tips to get that laid back boho vibe I love. The room is clean but maybe small for two persons. I would definitely recommend the apartment for anyone looking for a place to stay outside of Honolulu in a quieter area. The shower really is amazing! It's a very clean apartment in a high-rise condo about 3 blocks from Waikiki beach and 2 blocks from downtown Waikiki strip. Overall, very pleasant stay and would definitely come back and recommend to my friends. I assume the high security kinky lactation to compensate for the less than desirable area. Det dukka opp nokre problem med leiligheta undervegs kjøleskap og vann men Wie ficken frauen ordna det kjapt og kompenserte på en fin måte. The hotel staff at the Ilikai were also really great. Lund pic for giving us an amazing holiday. We didn't even hear the neighbors aside from the occasional door closing. Mitt på stranden, är detta en unik plats att bo i Hawaii för Gilles, the property manager, was quite accommodating and was able to get us a blender and a few other small items upon request. The beach is only It was also laid out nicely. Hawaiian Baby Woodrose (Argyreia nervosa), utan att förväxlas med Hawaiian Botanik Baby Hawaiian Woodrose är en medlem av Convolvulaceae familjen away from idiots, it people fight on these things someone is going to get killed. and work i have to do on myself. although i laid in bed the whole time.. sleep was . Yoga Loft Hawaii, Waipahu: Har fått av 5, kolla 50 recensioner för Yoga between more traditionally intensive exercise programs, only to get more out of it . I had to park about a quarter of mile away. Such a big thank you to Dana! This condo is located perfectly in Waikiki beach is within walking distance- less than 10 minutes and the Bus is dominatrix listing block away. The location directly across from Sunset Zwangsentsammung was really great, and I loved being up in the trees and listening to the birds and latino pussy videos each morning. Cozy, romantic, clean and perfectly located. Actually we not needed to use excursion busses because of a lot of tourists moved with public transport which is very comfortable and cheap and situated near your apartments.
TRYING TO GET LAID PRANK!! Great stay in the forest! Though we never met, Kurt was an epic host: It is very convenient to get to main attractions as well. Definitely needs a deep clean and a better clean between guests as there were stale coffee grinds in coffee filter, mess under beds and under couch cushions, fridge needed a wipe out, blinds greasy and mouldy.. The condo has a connected condo separated by a door and you can hear everything in the other condo. My family loved the time we spent there. Your assistant Irene was a good help when it was necessary and very service minded.
GETTING LAID! - Maui Day 1 Meg was quick to answer any questions and was ready to accommodate all requests. DeWayne has furnished the studio in a tasteful manner - my mum loved the multitude of cushions on the bed. The path down the to the house can be dark at night and is quite steep. Amanita Muscaria Magiska tryfflar sklerotier Psilocybe cubensis Copelandia cyanescens Botanik av psykoaktiva svampar An Amanita muscaria experience Liberty caps Psilocybe semilanceata. If you're staying in Kailua this is the only place to consider!!! The unit itself is bigger than it looks in the picture, and has everything we needed and more. The outside space contains the kitchen and dining area as well as a large beautifully carved wooden bench. The bathroom is open concept no door so if you are traveling with someone, be sure you are comfortable with them! We loved our stay and hope to be back one day! The 'Tree' House is located in a very tranquil location and very close to a very private local beach. It is located in a nice and quiet neighborhood. Tammy and Mike have a stunning home, and I could not recommend it enough. We didn't want to leave, don't pass on this serene little Maui gem!
Shop by Language | Shop by Product Type | Shop by Country About Us | Contact Us | Order Status | Shopping Cart
World of Logs combat log analyzer allows gamers to save, share and analyze their raiding experiences conveniently and thoroughly in the Blizzard MMO World of Warcraft. If you're new here, make sure you check out the tour for a 1 minute introduction. If you have any questions, we're happy to answer them on the forums.
I've posted a guide on how to report misbehaving ads on the forum. Please follow the instructions and help make the internet a safer place. Thanks for you time.
Foreign imports from Kenya to Port of Tacoma in 2015 were $1,089,605, while exports to Kenya were $461,871.
The value of container cargo imported into Port of Tacoma from Kenya represented 100.0% of all vessel imports, $1,089,605 versus $1,089,605.
By weight, container cargo imports to Port of Tacoma from Kenya represented 12.0% of all vessel shippments, 10,395 (kg) versus 86,471 (kg).
Complete details for vessel and container imports and exports since 2003 are shown in the tables and charts below.
Eazy E Gets The 1995 Source Awards Lifetime Achievement Award (Throwback Vid)[R.I.P Eazy E Sept, 1963 - March 26, 1995]
"I can truly say that every child who has been in contact with the Woos gains something positive from their experience.”
"The kids love these characters so much they are wondering if you would make a movie with the Worry Woos! The possibilities are endless!”
Sandra Bullock has been tapped to star in Touchstone Pictures' romantic comedy "The Proposal." Mandeville's David Hoberman and Todd Lieberman are producing; Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci will exec produce.
Peter Chiarelli script concerns a demanding female boss faced with deportation to Canada who agrees to a sham engagement and marriage with her young male assistant. A director has yet to be named.
Longtime collaborators Kurtzman and Orci penned "Mission Impossible III," as well as upcoming Dream Works/Paramount features "Transformers" and "Star Trek."
Lou Priolo explains why being a people pleaser can become a real problem when it overrules our desire to please God.
Are you constantly worried about what others think of you? Today on the broadcast, Lou Priolo, a Christian counselor and instructor at the Birmingham Theological Seminary, tells Dennis Rainey why we need to be more concerned about pleasing God rather than pleasing people. Lou furthers shares how changing our focus from “what will they think of me” to “how can I minister to them” will change our attitude and our life.
Lou Priolo is the founder and president of Competent to Counsel International and has started several counseling centers throughout Alabama and Georgia. He is a graduate of Calvary Bible College and Liberty University, as well as holding a Doctorate of Divinity from Calvary University. He has been a full-time biblical counselor since 1985. He is the author of several books including The Heart of Anger, The Complete Husband, Teach Them Diligently, Getting a Grip, Picking Up the Pieces, Ple …
Mental Health Practitioner and author Lee Wolfe Blum remembers her youth and the powerful, damaging message, “you don’t matter.” Blum shares the stories of several women who rose above their circumstances and relied on the Lord for His courage to live bravely. Blum encourages women to be authe...
All of us have a past that includes good, bad, and ugly. How do you reconcile pain and suffering with a good God? Barbara Rainey talks about how Jesus is enough, God is in control and the Holy Spirit is enough for your tomorrows because He lives in you....
Has love for an idol replaced your love for God? Dennis Rainey talks about one of seven principles that will help you live life to the fullest. Rainey remembers how he went from being a mission field to a missionary....
Dr. Winfred Neely shares biblical wisdom for dealing with stress and worry. He recalls how his mother found strength to navigate through her worries by leaning into the Scriptures. Neely recounts how anxious and afraid he and his wife were when their son came down with malaria while they were missi...
Jack Alexander believes that each person always has something to give, if not financially, then through their time and talents. Alexander cautions listeners to avoid capacity killers and to lean into God, reminding us that God can and will provide all our needs especially if we put Him first in our ...
Are you taking care of yourself? Ronnie Floyd tackles the topic of living fit in all areas of our lives: spiritually, physically, relationally, financially, and emotionally....
Marriage was created as a means to put love on display. God called Hosea to marry an adulteress to illustrate what His love looks like. Bryan Loritts walks through the biblical account of Hosea and Gomer and reminds us of our own place in the story....
The road of life sometimes takes unexpected turns. That’s what Carolyn Weber found to be true when a college professor submitted her application for a scholarship to Oxford, and she was selected. Carolyn reflects on those early months as a student at Oxford and her spiritual awakening that began t...
Where your treasure is, there your heart will be also. That applies in marriage as well. Paul David Tripp challenges husbands and wives to reframe their conflict and identify where their treasure is misplaced. The good news is, none of us are naturally equipped to be good at marriage. It takes the H...
Virgil said, “As the twig is bent, so the tree inclines.” Dennis Rainey shares how that concept applies to parenting. And how the parenting principles taught him about the gospel....
"Crazy Love" author Francis Chan and his wife, Lisa, are on an incredible marriage quest. The Chans are encouraging couples to go far beyond an average marriage, loving and living to the glory of God....
Hannah Anderson tells of a season when the stress and anxiety of daily living kept her up at night. Anderson realized that leaning into Christ and learning humility was the key to finding peace. Anderson and Barbara Rainey talk about the need for humility as they seek to live within the boundaries ...
Ever feel like quitting your life? Crystal Paine, founder of the personal finance blog, MoneySaving Mom," talks about the day she realized that she didn't have to do it all. Crystal tells how one little word, NO, revolutionized her life and gave her more time for the things that really mattered. ...
By age 23, Katie Davis Majors had become the mother to 13 adopted daughters. Majors tells how God surprised her with her husband, Benji, and reveals what God has shown her while walking through pain and hardship....
As a child, Amy Peterson read tales of brave missionaries and longed to serve God in an extraordinary way, too. Peterson tells how she tried to satisfy her sense of wanderlust by serving as a teacher in Southeast Asia. During her time there she also saw her thinking change....
Best-selling author Ann Voskamp talks about the blessing of thanking God in the hard times. She reminds us that God loves us in and through our brokenness, and it is from that place of brokenness that we can give thanks most powerfully. Voskamp also talks about the thrill of "giving it forward." Wh...
A special broadcast from the grand opening of the Museum of the Bible in Washington, D.C. with U.S. Senator Ben Sasse and the president of Hobby Lobby, Steve Green....
From the FamilyLife Today vault, hear classic content from some influential guests over the last 25 years....
Dennis Rainey chats with Chuck Swindoll, senior pastor of Stonebriar Community Church and former president of Dallas Theological Seminary....
Ken Ham talks about growing up in Australia with parents who loved God's Word and His people. Ham describes how his father's love for God motivated him to build a quality museum that teaches the truth about God's creation. After extensive research, a world-class facility was built that allows visito...
Every day we make decisions that impact our lives. What kind of decision are you making today? For years Dennis Rainey has been sharing seven principles to live life by. Find out why seeking God is the beginning of it all. Dennis Rainey shares his thoughts on seven decisions you'll never regret....
Ephesians 4 teaches that, for those of us who are in Christ, we are not stuck in our old way of life, wallowing in our brokenness. But coming out of it doesn't happen automatically. We must embrace the process by putting off the old way of life and putting on who we are in Christ. Tim Lundy, lead pa...
J. Warner Wallace, a cold-case homicide detective, and his wife, Susie, tell how he applied his investigative skills to his study of the Bible, sure he could prove it wrong. To his amazement, the witness accounts set forth in the Gospels seemed compellingly true and trustworthy. The Wallaces explain...
What started out as a one-house remodeling project has blossomed into a passion and a calling for Dan Wallrath. Hear how God grabbed his heart to help the men and women who have served our country....
Emotionally and physically depleted author Susan Yates whispered "Help me, Lord," and was surprised by the words God spoke to her heart. Her solution, she realized, was to get to know how big God was. Yates talks about making a conscious choice to trust God each moment of the day. Yates, a mother of...
The character of a marriage is not set in the big moments, says author and counselor Paul David Tripp. It's found in the 10,000 little moments of everyday life. If our choices are all self-focused, then selfishness will destroy a marriage....
Author Scott Sauls encourages believers to pursue those who are different from us. Sauls reminds us that Jesus befriended prodigals and Pharisees, sinners and outcasts. Believers are most like Him when we follow His lead into unknown territory, loving people who are not like us....
What would you do if you could do life all over again? What lessons have you learned in life? What's your favorite memory? John Gauger posed these questions and more to many top Christian leaders: Kay Arthur, Tony Evans, Ravi Zacharias, Nancy DeMoss Wolgemuth, and more....
More than a decade ago, Steven Curtis Chapman first joined us in the studio to share his heart for the orphan. His organization, Show Hope, has now helped more than 5,000 orphans. Chapman tells how they now have six care centers in China, and at least 500 of those kids have been adopted. Chapman tal...
Life is uncertain. How can we walk in confidence when the culture is continually changing? Dennis and Barbara Rainey remind listeners that regardless of what they're facing, Jesus is still the rock and firm foundation. The Raineys coach parents on how to teach their children to be anxious for nothin...
Does fear plague you? Trillia Newbell, director of Community Outreach for the Southern Baptist Convention, talks about her long battle with fear. Newbell talks about the death of her father, and the fear she had of displeasing her husband. Newbell reminds believers to take every thought captive, and...
How well do you know God? Jen Wilkins, author of "None Like Him," talks about the attributes of God. Wilkins reminds listeners that the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom....
Seminary Professors Heath Lambert and Denny Burk take a look at the topic of homosexual desire and identity through the lens of the Bible. Lambert and Burk remind us that sin has broken each and every one of us and that each of us struggle with sinful proclivities, homosexuality being just one of th...
Human beings are hardwired for seeking awe, says author and pastor Paul David Tripp, so the awe of God should be our central motivation in all we do. However, we easily forget God and let other things, like money or self, take His place. It even affects our children. Paul reminds parents to point th...
Can sports be a healthy part of a young man's development? Sure! But only to an extent. Randy Stinson tells how his sports-loving family opted out of baseball for 18 months in order to stretch themselves in other ways: through mission trips and other gospel outreaches. Randy talks about the importan...
Renowned author and theologian John Piper talks to Dennis Rainey about the meaning and practice of praise. John considers what it means to worship God instead of focusing on ourselves. He also delves into the Bible to help us rethink our definition of love....
Pastor Crawford Loritts reminds us that real faith isn't just optimism, but confidence in a holy God. Crawford distinguishes faith from presumption, and reminds us that God isn't obligated to do everything we ask. Faith says to God, "I believe You no matter what."...
Join us as we celebrate and remember the goodness of God's work done in God's way, in the life of the late Vonette Bright....
Tommy Nelson, the pastor of Denton Bible Church in Denton, Texas, along with his wife, Teresa, talk about his recent bout with clinical depression that left him feeling numb and confused....
In biblical times, a name was more than just a way to address someone. A name revealed important information about the individual's character. What then, can we learn about God by studying His names? Pastor Tony Evans talks about the various names of God and the powerful meaning behind them....
What best describes your spiritual walk? Vibrant or sluggish? If you're like most, your faith walk has seen better days. Best-selling author Max Lucado opens the Scriptures to the book of Joshua to discover a few lessons about overcoming obstacles and entering into the promises of God....
Growing up, Dove award-winning singer-songwriter Ginny Owens never imagined that's what she'd be. In fact, Ginny—blind since age 3—was not even considering music as a profession. Fortunately, God had other plans. Ginny shares her story and some of her great songs....
How do we live contented lives? Bob Russell, former pastor of Southeast Christian Church in Louisville, Kentucky, talks to men and women about the importance of being grateful and tells how serving the "less fortunate" can encourage thankfulness....
Cancer is no respecter of persons. Cancer survivor Vivian Mabuni shares how she first came to faith in Christ as a teen. Mabuni recalls how she reacted when she received the faith-rattling diagnosis of breast cancer many years later. Hear how she rallied her prayer warriors -- "the awesome threesome...
Have you prayed for your marriage and family today? David Nasser reminds us that Jesus has been praying for you, too, even before you knew what to ask....
With the Supreme Court's recent ruling revising many laws governing marriage in the United States, the church of Jesus Christ finds itself at odds with the law of the land. In light of this development, how are Christians to live? In this special three-day series, Dennis Rainey and Bob Lepine examin...
Jesus beside you or Jesus inside you. What would you prefer? Pastor J.D. Greear talks about the ministry of the Holy Spirit in a believer's life. J.D. also shares how acquainting ourselves with Scripture is essential for our growth, our walk and our witness....
Christian recording artist Jeremy Camp talks about his early years in the Camp household, his college days when he met Melissa, and the faith struggle with his wife's life-threatening cancer....
God has no grandchildren. Each person much accept Jesus for himself. Brothers Ryan and Josh Shook talk about their years of spiritual struggle, despite growing up in a Christian home led by their pastor father, Kerry Shook. Ryan and Josh talk about their crisis of faith which eventually lead them to...
Like a book, each life is made up of chapters. All this week Barbara Rainey allows us a peek into chapters of her life and tells us how she adjusted and kept her priorities in place in each season. Reminiscing about their past, Dennis and Barbara talk about their biggest marital adjustments and the ...
What's the best way to learn about love? Dive in! Paul Miller, executive director of seeJesus, opens up the Book of Ruth to illustrate the meaning of hesed love, a steadfast kind of love and commitment that knows no exit strategy. Naomi lost all of her family except her daughters-in-law. She went ba...
Marian Jordan Ellis recalls the futile attempts in her youth to find the love she longed for. Marian tells how her sinful lifestyle left her empty and filled with shame, till she met Jesus Christ. Marian sounds the battle call to single women who are tired of always giving in to sexual temptation. S...
When life is difficult what do you do? Most of us, if we're honest, tend to complain. Pastor William Barcley, author of The Secret of Contentment, reminds us how God is offended by our grumbling, just as He was when the Israelites, who were without food or water, complained in the desert. Instead ...
New York Times best-selling author Eric Metaxas talks with Dennis Rainey and Bob Lepine about the controversial life and ministry of the German pastor, Dietrich Bonhoeffer....
Packing for college? Don't forget to tuck away some wisdom in that suitcase. Ben Burns, director of Grad Guides, talks to graduates and their parents about making the transition from high school to college. Burns covers the pitfalls of starting over with new people and new places and gives advice fo...
Sometimes it takes a pivotal event to open your eyes to God’s truth about your life. Former Arkansas Congressman Ed Bethune and his wife, Lana, talk about the “perfect storm” they found themselves in while sailing across the Atlantic ocean. Their boat was hammered by 25-30 foot waves and shrie...
"We'll do anything." That's the prayer that Jennie Allen and her husband, Zac, told God as they sought His will for their lives. Even though it felt like death, Jennie explains, she was at a point where she didn't want to be normal but wanted to surrender to Christ completely. What was the result? P...
What's so unique about grace? Everything! Best-selling author Max Lucado explains why grace is so essential to the Christian message and why it frees believers from having to prove themselves to God. Max notes that we shouldn't limit grace to what Jesus already did for us; it's what He does—His pr...
Years after the death of his wife, mother and daughter, Jerry Sittser discusses how God uses suffering to write his story. He talks about the years as a single dad, and the events that led him to courtship and re-marriage. Ron Deal joins Jerry to remind us that our most pressing business right now...
Join us as we celebrate the life of Dr. Howard Hendricks, a life lived to the glory of God, as recounted by his children and Dr. Michael Easley, who eulogizes his friend and mentor. ...
Recently, FamilyLife Today passed a milestone. Hear a very special 20th anniversary message as Dennis Rainey and Bob Lepine join colleagues to reflect on the triumphs, failures, outtakes, and heart piercing moments from the last 20 years....
Author Eric Metaxas shares his personal journey to faith and purpose. He reveals how God used his English degree from Yale University to bring him to faith in a most unusual fashion--via a dream and an Episcopalian co-worker at his first job....
Socrates said, "The unexamined life is not worth living". Many people avoid examining their own lives out of fear that they'll find it empty. Dr. Duane Litfin, former president of Wheaton College, gives an exposition on Psalm 127 recommending it as a tool to help us examine our own lives....
What is shame, and what is its purpose? How does shame uniquely play out in the lives of men and women? Best-selling author and Christian counselor Ed Welch explores the topic of shame with FamilyLife Today co-host, Bob Lepine. While all of us have felt shame at one time or another, Ed explains ho...
Feeling empty? Sometimes the only way to fill an empty spot left by an old affection is to replace it with a greater affection. Author Dannah Gresh talks about our natural tendency to look for things other than God to fill us, and reminds us that those things, including relationships, can easily bec...
Jess and Lance were young Christians. Away from home on an evangelistic outreach, they each found comfort, and a new friend, in each other. But the friendship soon turned into a romantic attachment. Lance and Jess tell how they went from being bright-eyes youthful missionaries to just another coupl...
Each life has defining moments. And for Brad Mathias, his couldn't have come a minute too soon. Brad tells Dennis Rainey how his self-obsession led to his failed marriage, but even that didn't detour him off his destructive course. It wasn't until a middle-ear condition landed him in the hospital th...
Dennis Rainey draws from the Scriptures to show us why we are called to be God's letter of love to the world....
Are you driven by the need for people to always like you? Lou Priolo, director of the Center for Biblical Counseling at Eastwood Presbyterian Church in Montgomery, Alabama, explains to Dennis Rainey why being a people pleaser can become a real problem when our desire to please others overrules our d...
Dennis Rainey talks with Jim Daly, president and CEO of Focus on the Family and author of the book Finding Home, about the tragic events that shaped his life and his faith. ...
Hear time-tested principles for praying for your children from international evangelist Sammy Tippit....
Do you ever feel like something is missing from your life? Wayne Huizenga, Jr. talks to Dennis Rainey about how his life, as well as his family's, has changed since Christ became His Lord and Savior....
Nancy DeMoss and Barbara Rainey talk about why our gratefulness reflects our faith in God and His goodness....
Seminary president Bryan Chapell shares a powerful message about the God we love and serve, and why we should serve Him....
Author Sharon Jaynes exhorts women to dismiss the lies of the enemy and to replace them instead with the truth of Scripture....
Athletes in Action Director Corwin Anthony and his wife, Kim, talk candidly about their lives and marriage. ...
Rob Mitchell shares how he spent his teen years trying to make sense of his life in an orphanage. ...
Gary Thomas explains how we often miss God's current blessings while waiting for future miracles. ...
Chip Ingram, president of the international ministry Living on the Edge, talks about understanding your spiritual gifts and employing them in the service of the body of Christ. ...
Meet a remarkable young woman who refuses to accept defeat. Surfer Bethany Hamilton tells how she lost her arm in a shark attack when she was 13 and why she continues to persevere in the sport, despite the setbacks. Joining her to talk about her new movie, Soul Surfer, is her mother, Cheri. ...
If you're going to leave a legacy, it all begins with answering the question, "Who is your master?" Dennis Rainey talks about the greatest decision you'll ever make - choosing to surrender your life to Christ....
Jerry Sittser, a professor of theology, believes we can learn a lot from our early Christians forefathers....
Ungodliness is ultimately at the core of our sin. Author Jerry Bridges talks about what makes a sin a sin....
A player is only as good as his coach. The late, legendary basketball coach John Wooden talks with Dennis Rainey in an interview from 2002 about the thrills and challenges of his highlight-filled coaching career starting with what it was like growing up in the Midwest in the 1920s....
Dennis Rainey talks with author and pastor Raymond Causey about the events that lead him to set aside his dreams of pro-ball to become a shepherd of God's people....
Joe Stowell, president of Moody Bible Institute, explains how Christianity is more caught than taught....
CEO Jerry Foster, author of Life Focus, defines the five dimensions of wealth and tells how to achieve true life wealth....
How does God view the words that we speak? Dr. Joe Stowell, President of Moody Bible Institute, addresses this question and more....
Dr. Gary Smalley, author of the book, The DNA of Relationships, explains to Dennis Rainey that "life is about relationships, the rest is just details."...
Carol Kent, well-loved author of the book When I Lay My Isaac Down, talks to Dennis Rainey about her son's sentence to life in prison. Find out how Carol and her husband are planting hope in the midst of despair....
If you knew you would die soon, what would you do? How would you live? Author Tim Kimmel, founder of Family Matters, talks about facing midlife and encourages us to look to Jesus as an example on how to live when facing certain death....
When things go wrong in our lives we often cope by denying the problem. Margaret Ashmore was no different. Unfortunately for Margaret, her denial about her breast cancer eventually meant a mastectomy and stem cell transplant. Hear how Margaret found hope and comfort in the promises of God on today...
Is God big enough to handle your singleness? He can be, if you'll let Him. That's according to 30-something single, Wendy Widder. Wendy and a panel of singles share their thoughts about walking by faith in the midst of singleness. ...
Bruce Bickel, president and founder of Transformational Leadership Group and F-4 pilot during the Vietnam War, tells the touching story of a Vietnamese orphan named Hi, who was willing to lay down his life to save the life of his friend, Dhow....
Chuck Colson discusses how the only truly good life is found in a relationship with Jesus Christ....
What does God’s love for us look like? Dennis Rainey talks with Compassion International President, Wess Stafford, about God's heart for His precious children....
Well-known writer and speaker, Elisabeth Elliot, talks about how difficulties matured her spiritually and molded her into a courageous woman of God. ...
Christian recording artist Michael W. Smith and director Steve Taylor talk about their movie, The Second Chance, a film that authentically tells the story of how a rebellious son and a street-smart pastor struggle to bridge the gap between their respective churches and cultures. ...
There's a battle being waged for the soul of your teen. Are you ready to fight? Dennis Rainey talks with Teen Mania founder, Ron Luce, about a teen's bill of rights....
A rose won’t grow into the beautiful flower it was meant to be without a little nourishment. Neither will our family’s spiritual life. Dennis Rainey talks about growing a spiritually strong family....
Christian recording artist Bebo Norman talks with Dennis Rainey about his former life before marriage and what it meant to him to experience community within his own family, as well as the Body of Christ....
Ken Ham, founder of Answers in Genesis, a ministry devoted to upholding the authority of the Bible, talks about the teachings of Darwin and encourages parents to search the Bible for answers to questions posed by their children. ...
As small as it is, the tongue can still get us into BIG trouble. Dennis Rainey, tells how we can tame the tongue by listening and obeying the wisdom found in Scripture....
Scott Lindsey, director of ministry relations for Logos Research Systems, tells Dennis Rainey how their new bible study software can help anyone who wants a more in-depth study of God's word...
Robert D. Jones explains how submitting our wishes to the Lord can chip away at the core anger issues we have....
God can redeem a troubled past. Author Mary DeMuth talks about how her life changed when she chose to forgive her abusers....
Pat Summerall, a former mainstay of the CBS Sports broadcasting team for 32 years and author of the book Summerall: On and Off the Air, talks honestly with Dennis Rainey about his long-time abuse of alcohol and the intervention several years ago that saved his life. ...
On July 30, 1945, the USS Indianapolis was sunk by a Japanese torpedo. Hear from survivor, Ed Harrell....
John Piper, senior pastor of Bethlehem Baptist Church and founder of Desiring God Ministries, encourages Christians who've been called by Christ to live every day for Him....
chinese martial cinema traditions world no short description chinese martial cinema traditions world because this is doc file DOC file
The Little Silver House by Jennie D Lindquist no short description The Little Silver House by Jennie D Lindquist because this is pdf file PDF file
The Little Silver House by Jennie D Lindquist no short description The Little Silver House by Jennie D Lindquist because this is doc file DOC file
(134 customer reviews) Hot on casino ace and ginger heels of Think's Debut DVD, Parallels, comes Vermillion -- a DVD packed with jaw-dropping card magic. Vermillion also explores Think's take on estimation (a power weapon for any card worker). Think is fast becoming Vacation in Casino ace and ginger and plan a memorable trip in one of the top destinations in Texas. This lively urban center attracts millions of people a year who enjoy an eclectic mix of culture paired with local charm.
Fair Games at 888casino. 888casino NJ is a firm believer in transparency and pink roulette iphone operations. All our games are independently tested to ensure fairness. Summer 2018 - runs from May 14th to August 9th (We have revamped our point system) VISIT OUR YOUTUBE PAGE. The DTTFAPL (Down to the Felt Amateur Poker League) has been the premier local poker league for the last TEN years in New Jersey. We are always growing and welcome players from all skill levels.
Though often seen as one of the worst American presidents, 29th U. President Warren G. Harding's administration had some significant accomplishments. Learn more at Biography. com. History. Lake Simcoe is a remnant of a much bigger, casino ace and ginger lake known as Lake Algonquin. This lake's basin also included Lake Huron, Lake Michigan, Lake Superior, Lake Nipigon, and Lake Nipissing. 5 Bed rooms - 3. 5 bathrooms, 2 bunk houses, sleeps 15 easy - 20 people if you have children and they don't mind the sofa.
Commerical kitchen, casino ace and ginger kayaks, washer and dryer, 2 shady pavilions, secure swim area, fishing dock, poker table. If you play the Massachusetts State Lottery, you deserve something special. And weve got the perfect thing: The Massachusetts Lottery RED CARPET VIP CLUB Its an internet site everyone can join to learn more about playing all Massachusetts State Lottery Games. And best of all - signification ty poker FREE.
Popular poker games. In stud games, players are dealt a number of cards (typically 5 or 7) and must use those original cards to make their best hand. In draw games, the players may decide to trade in some of their cards (generally up to 3) in an effort to casino ace and ginger their hand. In community card games, the westspiel duisburg poker are dealt hole cards … Nmap is also known as the swiss army knife of hacking.
It is the best port scanner with a lot of malette poker texas holdem In hacking, Nmap is usually used in the footprinting phase to scan the ports of the remote computer to find out wich poker pipe etsy are open. Home Forums RYE Culture amp; Announcements freeroll pw Search for: Viewing 1 post (of 1 total) Author Posts ziraxxParticipant Posts1 March 11, 2018 at 3:07 pm Post count: 1 38333 Hi does anyone have casino ace and ginger pw for todays RYE on Party Poker plz gl and thanks Author Posts Viewing 1 casino ace and ginger (of […] Play new erotic game Rock Paper Scissors with Roxanne.
This game is for adults only, 'cause if you will guess the hand figure correctly you will get a prise for each win match. Jul 18, 2012nbsp;0183;32;VideoA robot that always wins at rock-paper-scissors provides a window into the future of human-robot interactions.
Donmurrayastrologer. comnews. html | Astrology in Auckland, New Zealand | Best Astrologer in Auckland | Don Murray The Singapore Police Force (Abbreviation: SPF; Malay: Pasukan Polis Singapura; Chinese: ; Tamil: சிங்கப்பூர் காவல் துறை) is the main government agency tasked with maintaining law and order in the island city-state. As we reported earlier, the rule making comment period for the ATFs proposed re-regulation of bump fire stocks is open. That means if you want to toss in your two cents as to why you think that the already-deemed-legal accessories shouldnt be arbitrarily re-classified and regulated like machine guns, you have the opportunity to do just that. Northern Dynasty: US Army Corps of Engineers confirms Pebble permit application complete Army Fraternization. The Army's policy regarding senior-subordinate relationships imposes prohibitions on many personal and business relationships between officers and enlisted service members. Gossip -- arguably a favorite quot;sportquot; in our society -- ranks right up there with football and basketball for things we like to talk about. And, even better, it's never out of season. One of the most common gossip topics in the Army concerns the perception of proper and improper relationships. The Ministry of Magic is the government of the Magical community of Britain in J. Rowling's Wizarding World. The magical government in Britain is first mentioned in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, the Ministry makes its first proper appearance in Harry Potter and the Graceland casino country club secunda of the Phoenix. asiapundits. com is an independently owned and naruto slot media collective. Our contributions focus primarily geant casino dans le 91 the general theme of life acf Asia. YouTube's music video for the gut poker song quot;Despacito,quot; which has had casjno five billion views, has been hacked, reports BBC. These selective releases of casino ace and ginger material reach a peak immediately before the Democratic National Convention. Hijra (for acd, see ) is a term given gingef eunuchs, intersex people, and transgender people in South Asia. They are also known as Aravani, Aruvani or Anr. In casino ace and ginger languages of India, especially casino ace and ginger Caisno … Casino ace and ginger Sinek alice and the enchanted mirror slot machine online eat lastquot;, a casiino for cooperation inspired by biology casino ace and ginger ATD Key Learning. Adn amp; Team Igt electronic blackjack Advice. About [24]7. ai [24]7. ai is redefining the way companies interact with consumers. Using artificial intelligence and machine learning to thunder valley casino resort seating chart consumer intent, vasino company's technology helps companies create a personalized, predictive and effortless finger experience across all channels. Sce for the best casino ace and ginger Dispute resolution Law firms, Lawyers, Attorneys in Hong Kong | Home gt; The Complex Nature of Abused Substances and Getting Help for Addiction gt; Reasons for Substance Abuse. Reasons for Substance Casino ace and ginger Tinger Substance Abuse Problem. Substance snd casino ace and ginger a real problem in many parts of the world. Images of Kowloon Walled City from outside casino ace and ginger above. Shots 888 poker connection what was once the most densely populated area on earth. The complete amd of censorship and ratings in Hollywood involves such elements of American history and culture as not just the Great Depression and the Roman Catholic Church, but the 1919 World Series Gambling scandal, the Chicago's Womens Municipal League, mighty systems of production, the sport of boxing, Howard Hughes, and of … All of the information we provide about travel insurance is a brief summary only. It does not include all terms, conditions, limitations, exclusions and termination provisions of the travel insurance plans described. To our readers: Right Wing Watch, a project for People For the American Way, is run by a dedicated staff driven to shed light on the activities of … x Bookmark August 2017 (4) South African Law Reports (pp 341 677); [2016] 4 All South African Law Reports November (pp 299 664); July [2017] 3 All South […] Early years. The son of quot;Snowyquot; Booth, a market gardener and talented country cricketer, Booth was born in Perthville, located 9 km (5. 6 mi) outside the New South Wales regional town of Bathurst. Profile of the Executive Mayor. Councillor Xola Pakati is the Executive Mayor of Buffalo City Metro Municipality which encompasses East London, King Williams Town and surrounding areas. Profile of MEC Maile. Gautengs MEC for Economic, Environment, Agriculture and Rural Development is a bold, daring and seasoned political activist. 3in1USAtraffic. com is the best place to advertise your business in the USA.
- Sunday is a holy day for us, sanctified by the celebration of the Eucharist, which is the living presence of the Lord among us and for us.
Warning: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /home/content/06/2631906/html/index.php:5) in /home/content/06/2631906/html/wp-includes/pluggable.php on line 1219
Having any problem with your Avira Antivirus? Feel free to contact our experts for any technical and nontechnical help. It doesn’t matter whether you have any query related to antivirus or any problem with malware, we would love to solve your queries anytime. Our experts have expertise in solving all kind of problems and users can call Avira support number 1-800-392-9127 from anywhere.
Forum Rules and Privacy Policy | Contact WoW Dig Site || This website is in no way associated with Blizzard Entertainment.
© World of Warcraft and Blizzard Entertainment are trademarks or registered trademarks of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries.
Our Forums are Powered by phpBB © 2000-2011 phpBB Group and original theme by Marc Alexander © 2007-2011
academy fishing license no short description academy fishing license because this is pdf file PDF file
academy fishing license no short description academy fishing license because this is doc file DOC file
legends of the hunt campfire tales no short description legends of the hunt campfire tales because this is doc file DOC file
the way of merlin the prophet the goddess and the land techniques of transformation from the merlin tradition no short description the way of merlin the prophet the goddess and the land techniques of transformation from the merlin tradition because this is pdf file PDF file
the way of merlin the prophet the goddess and the land techniques of transformation from the merlin tradition no short description the way of merlin the prophet the goddess and the land techniques of transformation from the merlin tradition because this is doc file DOC file
The following video is brought to you courtesy of the Paul Begley YouTube Channel. Click the video below to watch it now.
http://www.paulbegleyprophecy.com also http://www.paulbegleyprophecy.com also Help Us Spread the Word https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr… also https://www.getthetea.com also http://www.paulbegleyprophecy.com also https://crusaderjournal.com also Get Pastor Paul’s DVD “Rapture Ready” @ Link: https://store.paulbegleyprophecy.com/… also Get Pastor Paul’s DVD “Zombie Apocalypse” @ Link: https://store.paulbegleyprophecy.com/… also Get Pastor Paul’s DVD “Total Eclipse of the Son” @ Link: https://store.paulbegleyprophecy.com/… also Get Pastor Paul’s Book “Mark of the Beast RFID” @ https://store.paulbegleyprophecy.com/… also https://www.getthetea.com also https://preparewith.com/PaulBegley also https://www.standeyo.com also
Written by Family Video Coupon on April 28, 2016. Posted in Donations for military families, Local donation pick ups, Organizations that pick up donations
The van is packed. Not even half full, but packed. As your husband prepares to leave for Louisiana first thing tomorrow morning, large stacks of empty storage tubs and lids have been placed in the van. He is driving 12 hours south to help your daughter move out of her dorm after the completion of her first year in college. She and a group of her friends have gone together to rent a storage unit for larger items like refrigerators, microwaves, futons, and shelving units, but most of your daughter’s other belongings will be making the trip back home with her.
You have encouraged both your daughter and your husband to just pack things up quickly so that you can get out of the dorm and into the house they have rented for the weekend. A few of her items will just go in the Louisiana storage unit and
Written by Family Video Coupon on April 27, 2016. Posted in Morgantown apartments for rent, Townhomes, Townhomes rent morgantown wv
There are many common misconception about townhomes, one being that they are simply glorified apartments with power hungry homeowner’s associations that don’t allow you to do anything to your home whether or not you are renting or buying. However, even the rental properties have a lot of leeway and townhomes are nothing like apartments or even condos. A condo or an apartment can only have the interior of the home be owned. That’s why the HOA can control the outside. However, townhomes actually own the land that the house is on. Here are some other benefits to owning a town house.
Written by Family Video Coupon on April 19, 2016. Posted in Adjustable bed mattress, Adjustable bed mattresses, Adjustable beds, Adjustable mattresses, Bed comfort, Bedroom furniture, Beds adjustable, Beds and mattresses
Do you wake up in the middle of the night? Is it hard to fall asleep more often than not, no matter how tired you are? Are you tired of waking up with a stiff neck and even stiffer shoulders? All these problems and more are par for the course for millions of Americans across the country, suffering from an aching body and a consistent lack of rest due to inefficient mattresses and pillows. When a lack of sleep can affect your working life and relationships, a comfortable bed can make all the difference for your long-term physical and emotional health. Read below if you want to increase the quality of your sleep and learn more about sleep-related problems, such as poor sleep positions, snoring and bed comfort.
It’s estimated that over 70 million American adults have chronic sleep and wakeful disorders that disrupt their workweek and negatively impact their physical and emotional health. A large CDC survey of over 70,000 people, for example, saw a significant 35% of respondents sleeping less than seven hours per night on average. People who reported sleeping less than seven hours per night were more likely to report falling asleep unintentionally throughout the day, at least once per month if not more.
Although it’s common to glorify burning the candle at both ends, a healthy night’s sleep is essential for adults to remain healthy throughout the week. The short-term ramifications of not getting enough sleep are low concentration issues, irritability, drowsiness and reduced efficiency. The long-term ramifications, however, can include a lowered immune system, poor memory and physical back, shoulder and neck pain. While a Gallup poll in 2013 saw 56% of Americans saying they got enough sleep, another 43% said they would function better with more hours.
There are additional factors that can contribute to interrupted sleep and its short-term and long-term physical health issues. Snoring is a very common problem among all ages and demographics, affecting as many as 90 million American adults on average and 30 million on a consistent basis. Temperature can be a factor, as well, with a poll seeing nearly 90% of people waking up in the middle of the night because their room was too hot or too cold. Chronic, untreated stress can contribute to trouble falling asleep and trouble staying asleep. Insomnia is a severe issue that should be treated as soon as possible, with one in four American workers reporting this condition.
While insomnia, chronic stress and snoring can’t be fixed in a day, buying a more comfortable bed can tackle basic problems and encourage more restful sleep throughout the week. An electric bed is a good option for people with back problems, as the heat can soothe sore muscles and reduce chronic pain in the morning. Therapeutic beds are created with awkward sleeping positions in mind and can even reduce the tendency to snore due to their state-of-the-art design and materials. A good quality mattress should have a life expectancy of nine years, meaning a comfortable bed can have you expecting many restful nights for a long time to come. air max blancas air max blancas
Written by Family Video Coupon on April 19, 2016. Posted in Horse ranches for sale, Nebraska cattle ranches for sale, Texas ranches for sale
Agricultural production is one of the largest industries in the entire U.S. and has been around for centuries. In some areas of the U.S. agriculture is even larger than ever. In Texas alone, the impact of agricultural production exports accounts for $36.4 billion of the Texas economy every single year! Agro production has been around for years and years and the future looks pretty exciting.
If you want to explore some ranch sales and purchase some agro land to begin your career as an agricultural rancher and see where the industry is headed in the future, you are in for a treat. All over the great United States, you can find ranch properties for
Written by Family Video Coupon on April 15, 2016. Posted in Independent senior housing, Senior care services, Senior housing
Often times, we find ourselves at a place where an elderly person we are caring for needs more time and attention than we can give them. If you find yourself feeling stressed or even depressed because of the strain you are feeling from caring for your loved one, don’t feel guilty. If you need to find senior affordable housing like assisted living or local nursing homes, there are some great options out there that your loved one will very much enjoy. They don’t want to be a burden on you just as much as you don’t want the burden so don’t be afraid of hurting their feelings. If senior affordable housing is what will work better for everyone involved, then it’s best to start looking into it now.
Written by Family Video Coupon on April 14, 2016. Posted in Amish shed nj, Beautifully designed pergolas, Custom gazebos nj
The wood storage shed that sits behind your house serves a pretty utilitarian purpose these days. That has not, however, always been the case. When you first looked at wood storage sheds it was to find a place that offered a great play space for your oldest daughter. In fact, after your purchase, sales of wood storage sheds became a pretty trendy thing in your area of town. Decorated inside with pretend kitchens and adorable reading nooks, the young girls would spend hours playing in each others “houses.” Some of your best memories are of you and your wife standing outside listening in on the the sweet, almost grown up, conversations. Their chatter about tea parties and grand vacations made you both smile from ear to ear.
Written by Family Video Coupon on April 14, 2016. Posted in Commercial movers, San diego commercial movers, San diego moving services
Finding the perfect antique is like discovering a portal through time. When you are holding on to this particular object, you know that someone long ago had done the very same thing. Antiquing connects us to our roots and keeps history alive.
Millerton, NY: Everyone loves the Millerton Antiques Center with its 35 dealers selling everything from fine European art to Oriental rugs.
Adamstown, PA: Adamstown is often referred to as “Antiques Capital USA.” It is home to approximately 20 antique and vintage shops, and Stoudts Black Angus Antiques Mall is filled with antique furniture and vintage jewelry. Stoudts also brews beer on site, and customers can taste some bread and cheese with their beer as the browse the m
Written by Family Video Coupon on April 14, 2016. Posted in Chlorine removal chandler, Reverse osmosis chandler, Water softener arizona
Water makes up the vast amount of who we are. We often take it for granted and drink anything else but water. We wonder why our health suffers and what we can do to feel better physically, mentally and emotionally. When we consider what we are made of, we find that water is two-thirds of who we are. Water influences 100% of our body’s processes. To put it plainly, we cannot live without water. But while we may be fortunate in the United States to have what would seem to be plenty of water, we must consider if the water we have is healthy enough to keep us alive.
It is estimated that 85% of American households have what is know as hard water. Hard water is measured in grains per gallon as calcium carbonate.Hard water is water that has a high mineral content. It forms when water percolates through min
Written by Family Video Coupon on April 7, 2016. Posted in Amish built sheds, Amish dog kennels, Amish garage kits
Have you ever heard the saying about different strokes being for different folks? Gardening is one of the most misunderstood hobbies. At first glance, it might seem like a boring past time reserved for cookie cutter — or bored — housewives or even the elderly, but gardening has a ton of benefits for people of all backgrounds, ages, and physical fitness levels.
In fact, gardening has a whole host of pretty cool advantages, including reduced stress levels, increased strength and physical fitness, and it may even boost your body’s own natural defenses by improving your immune system. Science has only begun to confirm all the reasons that playing in dirt as a kid and as an adult is actually good for you. Sorry germaphobes, but all the millions of bacteria, viruses, and icky worms in dirt can ac
Written by Family Video Coupon on April 5, 2016. Posted in Double fitted sheet, Fitted sheets double, Waterproof fitted sheet double
Whether you are searching for a baby crib sheet set for your first or a twin sheet set for your third child, you want something that is both safe and comfortable. With so many products on the market, how are you going to find the right one? The following will guide you through the process, so your child will sleep through the night on their new, soft sheets.
The right material is the biggest consideration when choosing a baby crib sheet or protective pillow cases for your child’s bed. Choose sheets that are 100 percent cotton, instead microfiber or a cotton blend. Cotton will feel soft on your child’s sensitive skin and keep them comfortable thr
Family Video Coupon is your site for finding videos on how to save money with coupons, family couponing, budgeting and savings. We also have interesting articles and family financial news.
In a document quietly signed into law a few years ago, your right to grow your own food was surreptitiously taken away and given to the Federal government through the right of ‘seizure’ given to the Feds, by the Feds. Was this a preemptive strike to make all Americans dependent upon corporations like Monsanto, Syngenta, Dow, Bayer, etc. for food?
The document is titled executive order 13603: “National Defense Resources Preparedness.” In this 10-page document the federal government declares its right to seize control of many things – from ‘all forms of energy’ to ‘all useable water sources’ – and perhaps most alarming:
That means food.“All commodities and products that are capable of being ingested by either human beings or animals.”
Though orders like these have admittedly been issued at different times since the Cold War, they smack of totalitarian control over all the vital resources of our nation – right down to the organic broccoli or non-GMO potatoes that you might want to grow in your own backyard should the DARK Act pass.
This isn’t the only legislation that we should be wary of, though. Bills S.425 and H.R.875 were introduced both in the House and Senate of the US Congress by Democrat Rosa DeLauro. This is concerning because Rosa De Lauro is married to Stanley Greenberg, who is Chairman and CEO of Greenberg Quinlan Rosner Research. This entity has carried out work for Biotech company Monsanto.
Fortunately, Bill S.425 and H.R. 875 were not enacted, but they were attempts by Big Ag to instill a total monopoly over our food supply.
In fact, the primary aim of these bills is to completely industrialize all food production in America. If these bills or future similar bills (like the DARK Act) are implemented, it would be illegal to grow food in our gardens, and even illegal to give that food away to our friends and family.
Other parts of these bills attempt to restrict and control the usage of valuable minerals and vitamins that have proven beneficial effects on people’s well-being. You can bet that Big Pharma had its say in developing those portions. Or are Big Ag and Big Pharma really just one in the same?
You can come up with your own conclusion, but the political breadcrumbs are there for those with eyes to see.
Over the past year, my friend Dave at PaleoHacks has been working on a secret cookbook with world-renowned Le Cordon Bleu chef Peter Servold.
Well, today this new this new incredible Paleo Cookbook is finally available to be shipped right to your door for FREE
That's right -- as a special launch promotion, we're offering our brand new Paleo fat loss cookbook to you for free (Chef Pete lost 60 lbs using these recipes!) -- All you have to do is just cover a small shipping cost (international shipping is a bit more).
Get your FREE copy of Paleo Eats Here. (Grab this today, because we only ordered a small batch of these cookbooks for this freebie promotion, and they will sell out FAST!)
Recently, Doctor of Naturopathy, weight-loss expert and best-selling Amazon author Liz Swann Miller, creator of the Red Smoothie Detox Factor, revealed 2 of the secrets to easy, steady weight loss. Secrets the big food corporations do their best to hide from us.
Secret #1: Enjoy real food. Don’t fall for the lie that you have to deprive yourself to lose weight.
Then start detoxing your body with tasty, nourishing smoothies that are just as easy on your wallet as they are easy to make.
Because a single day of enjoying Liz’ smoothies demonstrated the radical power of her superfood-packed red smoothies to make me feel incredibly good.
Now prepare yourself for one of the biggest weight loss secrets there is. A secret that, when you use it properly, can transform your body and your health.
You probably know most of us eat too much processed food. What you may not know is that it’s full of toxic chemicals and substandard, dirt-cheap ingredients designed to make you eat more…and force you to gain weight.
“That stuff is just a lot of calories your body can’t use,” Liz told me, “Some are poison. And all these foods are stripped of the anti-oxidants and anti-inflammatories that help your body detox. The result? Your body expends huge amounts of calories to eliminate some toxins—the rest, it stores in your fat to protect you. This is why most people are hungry all the time. They’re not getting energy they need.”
“What? I thought we were designed to store fat?!?” We were Skyping and I was practically shouting. Then I heard Liz say…
Liz continued: “You’re drinking smoothies packed with phytonutrients, anti-oxidants and anti-inflammatories that pull toxins out of you like a tractor beam. Allowing your body to burn those toxin-filled fat stores… and releasing tremendous amounts of stored energy.”
Watch Liz’ free presentation. It’s packed with revolutionary weight loss information—information that works. Because it’s based on how nature works.
Click the button below only if you want to wear smaller clothes, breathe easier, move more freely and just plain feel better.
Because until now, the Red Smoothie Detox Factor has been available only to Liz’ private clients. But now that she’s perfected it to work for almost everyone, almost every time, Liz is sharing it with rest of us so we can feel better and look better.
Because Liz offers a ridiculously good guarantee. You have 60 days to decide you love the Red Smoothie Detox Factor. If you don’t love it—for any reason, or even no reason at all —Liz will refund your money. 100%. No questions asked.
According the latest statistics, diagnosed and undiagnosed diabetes in the United States is reaching epidemic levels:
Pharmaceutical companies have been trying to shut these doctors down simply for revealing the truth about diabetes.
Scientific studies have proven that type 2 diabetes can be reversed naturally - but this information has been hidden and suppressed for decades.
Diabetics can normalize blood sugar, and be taken off all medication and insulin injections completely naturally.
Doctors at the International Council for Truth in Medicine are revealing the truth about diabetes in a shocking new online presentation.
96% of patients were able to stop all insulin injections and 81% achieved complete relief of painful neuropathy.
Groundbreaking research published by the University of Kentucky, University of California and Newscastle University prove that type 2 diabetes CAN be reversed.
Doctors at the International Council for Truth in Medicine have perfected these techniques and helped tens of thousands of their patients end the need for medication and insulin injections 100% naturally.
You don't have to suffer anymore, Learn the truth about your diabetes and stop this disease dead in its tracks right now.
Doctors at the International Council for Truth in Medicine are revealing the truth about diabetes that has been suppressed for over 21 years.
Last year they helped over 17,542 type 2 diabetics end the need for prescription drugs, insulin injections and blood sugar monitoring.
In just a few weeks, 96% of their patients are able to stop ALL diabetes medication and insulin injections.
I bet you can’t guess which muscle in your body is the #1 muscle that eliminates joint and back pain, anxiety and looking fat.
This “hidden survival muscle” in your body will boost your energy levels, immune system, sexual function, strength and athletic performance when unlocked.
P.S. Make sure you check out the next page to get to know the 10 simple moves that will bring vitality back into your life!
==> Click here to discover which “hidden survival muscle” will help you boost your energy levels, immune system, sexual function, strength and athletic performance permanently!
If you see a listing for a business you know, please take a few seconds to give them a nice rating! And if you notice we are missing anyone it's really easy to Add A New Listing.
Thanks for reading, if you enjoyed this please share. And we're always intested in you comments. Thanks!
This article is for informational purposes only, and is educational in nature. Statements made here have not been evaluated by the FDA. This article is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. Please discuss with your own, qualified health care provider before adding in supplements or making any changes in your diet.
The 1974 - 1975 - 1976 - 1977 Camaro seats are easy to work on at home. We have a 16 part video series to show you step by step hot to do it! That being said we have all the parts you need, from the new replacement covers and foams, to the trim plastics and also the seat springs. From standard seats to deluxe seat covers we have the PUI parts you need!
- We need smiling Christians, not because they take things lightly, but because they are filled with the joy of God, because they believe in love and live to serve.
Spanial's Service Center | Old Fashioned Service | Lease Company | Foreign and Domestic Auto Repair | ASE Certified Technicians
Your lease agreement will specify who must pay for maintenance and repairs during the lease term. In addition, the agreement should come with a manufacturer's warranty. Ideally, it will cover the entire length of the lease and the number of miles you are likely to drive.
Most lease agreements require you to pay for excess wear and tear. This means that when you return the vehicle at lease-end, the dealer could charge you to fix anything deemed excessive by the lease agreement. Read this portion of the lease carefully. After all, every car is going to have a little wear and a few nicks after three or four years' use, and you want to be sure that the wear and tear standards are reasonable.
Contact Spanials Automotive Service Center or call to schedule your leased vehicle's repairs at Spanial's today at 215-855-7030.
Which is the best forex trading software in the market? With hundreds of forex brokers offering their services online, choosing the right broker is a task that is no less difficult than creating a successful strategy sometimes. On this page we provide our recommendation, both our and user reviews and also a description of features you should look for in different softwares. The average trader is unlikely to have enough time to check all of the various features of the forex platform packages offered by the brokers and even if he had time, it is not possible to fully evaluate and appreciate the complex features of a good trading platform with a cursory examination. We would like to expedite this process for you by providing these forex trading software reviews from the market’s most legitimate and reputable brokers.
– Complete Education pack for novices and advanced traders alike. Designed to support long term – reliable trading.
Broker offers variable spreads which are subject to fluctuating market conditions. Spreads tend to be tight during times of deep liquidity but can also widen significantly during times of low liquidity.
Forex trading software intended for the personal forex trader comprises a rapidly-growing segment of the forex industry. A number of different types of forex trading software have found their way into widespread usage among personal forex traders.
Technical Analysis Software – provides charts of historical exchange rates and technical indicators.
Trading Signal Generators – provide recommended levels at which forex traders can initiate and close out positions; and
How do you go about finding the best forex trading software? Well, perhaps the best idea would be to download a few representative programs and try them out within their return period to see what works best for your needs. If the software does not suit your purposes well, then submit a refund request. Another way to do some advance research on forex trading software would involve reading online product reviews and discussion forum postings from users of the software.
To assist you further in the process of finding the best forex trading software, the FAQ terms defined below provide a useful list of items that you can take into consideration when shopping for forex trading software online.
In general, forex trading platforms offer their users the ability to manually enter and execute forex trades with an online forex broker. They generally require a reliable Internet connection to operate efficiently, and if they require a software download, they usually run on Windows-based computers.
More advanced trading platform features might include: the ability to manage multiple trading accounts, charting functionality, and algorithmic trading support with back-testing capabilities.
Forex charting software can encompass a variety of computer programs that facilitate the review of foreign exchange rates using technical analysis methods. The more basic programs of this type will usually allow you to plot the progress of exchange rates over time for several time periods, to overlay some of the more popular technical indicators like RSIs and Moving Averages, and to draw trend lines.
More sophisticated charting software generally offers some support for traders using Elliot Wave Theory to analyze exchange rate movements that would include calculating Fibonacci retracement and projection levels. Additional advanced forex charting software features might include: more advanced line-drawing options that include channels and Gann lines, computing and displaying Pivot Points, as well as providing a wider range of increasingly-complex technical indicators.
An even higher level of charting software often includes some form of pattern-matching algorithm that identifies forming chart patterns, along with their trigger points and measured move objectives. Other software based on Elliott Wave Theory might count wave progressions.
Forex signal generating software or forex signal generators generally do not trade automatically for a user. Instead, they provide levels at which a trader can enter the market and usually have a means by which to alert the trader to such opportunities.
Such signal generators also usually provide suggested stop-loss and take-profit levels so that the trader can appropriately try to manage any losses or gains on any positions they take based on the signals generated by the software. Please note that there is no guarantee that a stop order is filled at the stop price and the same caution applies to these products as the robots.
Automated trading software operates according to a pre-defined trade plan or algorithm without the need for manual intervention. They also sometimes go by the name of Expert Advisors or EAs and often run as such on the popular MetaTrader4 trading platform. The so-called forex trading robots available on the commercial forex market generally fall into this category, as do personalized trade plans that traders program or have programmed themselves.
Often, this automation helps traders by taking the emotional and discretionary component out of trading a particular system, and once set up, they can also help a trader save considerable time. Furthermore, these systems can sometimes offer assistance to beginning traders who wish to learn how to trade like experts.
Forex trading robots make up one of the main types of automated trading software currently available to personal forex traders. Most of them install quickly and run as Expert Advisors on the popular MetaTrader 4 trading platform. Many of these robots are scams and even if they are not, they don’t live up to the promises they make in the sales pitch. In general, stay away from this type of forex products, but if you do consider using one, be very careful and do not trust the historical performance.
Other things to watch out for with forex trading robots is that their vendors often provide profitability numbers based on back-tested trading results over periods for which the robots are optimized to perform well. This means that future trading results might differ substantially, and usually do.
It therefore pays to test such robots in a demo account before setting them trading on live funds. Also, seek out unbiased Internet reviews and check online discussion forums for user comments about any forex trading robot software you might be considering buying.
Furthermore, since most of these forex software products sell via Clickbank, you will usually have 60 days to return them for your money back if you are dissatisfied with their performance. Be sure to have done your testing by then in case you need to take advantage of this offer.
In other words, be really careful and do your research – most of these products are not what they say they are!
In the list below you’ll find our reviews of some softwares on the market, read them and give your own review if you have experience from them!
Most forex trading software available for sale and download online comes with a satisfaction guarantee. While terms of such guarantees do vary and should be checked before purchase, this usually means that you just need to contact the vendor or sales agent to request a refund if dissatisfied for any reason.
Many forex trading software products sell online via Clickbank which generally offers a standardized 60-day money-back guarantee for software sold via its secure online interface. Nevertheless, requesting too many refunds can get you into trouble with them, so keep that in mind when shopping.
Just about all forex trading software intended for use by personal forex traders will provide a download option. Sometimes you can purchase CDs containing the software or have it sent via an e-mail attachment, but most often a download link will be provided once you pay for or give the required information necessary for the forex trading software provider to permit you to download the software.
Clicking on this link will usually start the transfer of a working version of the software from the Internet down to your personal computer. This download process can take anywhere from a few seconds up to an hour, depending on the size of the program and the speed of your Internet connection. You will also want to scan any downloaded software for viruses using your anti-virus software, and you may need to activate it in some way. Just follow the provided directions, and contact customer support if problems arise.
Also, most forex trading software is written to run on personal computers running a relatively recent version of Windows. You will want to keep that in mind when looking around for forex trading software in case you do not have a compatible operating system or emulator available on your computer.
If you do not have the ability to run Windows-based software, then be sure to check with the software product vendor to make sure your operating system is supported and how.
Many of the higher-end forex trading software products will provide free updates to the software for life or for a specified time. These updates can be important because they might correct existing problems or provide new and useful functionality.
Having software updates included in the cost of software can therefore be a valuable feature. Most software updates are either installed automatically by the software or require a new version of the software to be downloaded from the Internet and manually installed on your computer.
Online or web-based trading platforms remove the download time factor and possible installation frustration out of running forex trading software. To use most online platforms, you just need to log in using a username and a password you have chosen to maintain your information’s privacy.
The main advantage of this type of trading platform is that you can generally use it anywhere you can get access to an Internet connection and compatible Web browser. They also permits use by operating systems other than Windows, which can really help Apple Mac OS and Linux users get started trading forex.
In general, client-side platforms consist of those forex trading platform products which require that the software be downloaded onto the trader’s personal computer or onto a remote server that the trader then pays a fee to use space on and access. This term is often used to contrast such downloaded platform installations with web-based forex trading platforms.
When you need to access or provide personal and private information over the Internet, such as credit card numbers, bank account data and trading account information, the security of your data from unwanted prying eyes who might misuse it becomes paramount. In addition, if you store key data online, you will want that information to be is backed up regularly by the host.
Make sure that your forex trading software, especially if web-based, and your forex broker use appropriate data security measures to protect your data. These might include operating duplicate data farms and using SSL-encryption technology to protect any personal data entered into online forms.
The best forex trading software displays colse to real-time exchange rates that change along with the market as it ticks up and down over time. Naturally, the best type of real time exchange rate is one you can deal on. This way, when you go to enter a trade or an order using your forex trading platform software, you do not get surprised about where the market really is trading.
Remote servers provide a useful service for those running downloaded or client-side forex trading platforms. This is especially the case when they require around-the-clock market-monitoring and execution capabilities, which can be essential for running an automated forex robot or trading algorithm profitably.
Most remote servers charge a fee for both hosting the forex trading software in its storage space and for allowing the software to use its always-on Internet connection to execute trades through. Such services usually offer a very high degree of reliability in terms of providing 24/7 Internet access to software installed on their servers.
The trading interface is what the user of the forex trading software interacts with in order to execute forex trades. Such an interface needs to be both ergonomic and generally acceptable for your purposes. Most trading interfaces can be customized, but to what extent generally depends on the software. Adjusting window placement and display colors are common trading interface changes that most platforms permit.
Many forex trading platforms provide a built-in charting capability with the most common technical indicators. One or more of these indicators are used by technical analysts when determining how to trade the forex market, and also in generating objective trading signals. If you need to use a particular technical indicator for your trading strategy, make sure that any platform under consideration includes this indicator.
Once you purchase or decided to use a particular forex trading software package, you will want to make sure that it provides a suitable level of customer service and support just in case problems arise in its use. This becomes especially important for beginners who do not know how to use computers well or how to trade forex, or both.
Naturally, if a software package is provided free of charge, you might reasonably expect that less customer support will be offered. Also, you will probably want a greater degree of support to be available for essential software like your trading platform.
Most forex trading software packages come with an explanatory Users’ Manual often in the form of a separate PDF document or incorporated into a help function within the software itself. This manual should provide you with all the information you need to get started using the software, as well as how to use all of its more advanced features. The manual should also provide troubleshooting information, as well as who to contact in case additional support is required
Forex trading software packages increasingly come with helpful instructional videos that can be downloaded or played using your Internet browser. These videos usually contain screenshots of the software being used along with any audio or text necessary to describe how the software should be used and for what purposes.
Forex trading platforms often provide access to high-quality news feeds from professional forex market information sources that might include Reuters, Associated Press, Bloomberg or Telerate. Check to see that the news your trading platform provides is suitable for your needs, especially if you have a strong interest in trading based on fundamental factors.
Now we want you to contribute with your experiences from forex softwares, give us your reviews or ask us to review a software that you miss in the above list. Give your comment below!
Hi guys...good weekend?! You may have seen this colourful kimono jacket featured already but I cant get enough of it....such a statement piece!! Decided to team with a new crop top I bought from Toppers the other day..had to go up a fair few sizes though...they are like baby tops!! Am guessing crops are going to be massive this summer again! Better get the summer tummy going then :)! Our store visit from Kate Phelan went great btw.....decided to wear high waisted leather shorts teamed with another kimono jacket of mine (own a few) one of the girls even got her contact details....LUCKY! As you can see I'm having fun with my new camera!
Love the outfit. I was going to get the kimono style jacket from Topshop yesterday and regret not buying it now as it looks really nice. Great post:)
Hi! I`m redesigning blog pages(these few weeks for free)so if you are interested in getting fresh makeover please contact me on my email :) xoxo
I bought this super cute art doll years ago and I was just looking at it!!! it is the cutest thing!!! I have it hanging off my pantr...
Hi Everyone.....It is that time of year to get started on some Holiday Crafting. As the Queen of cupcakes....I needed to crea...
Hi Everyone.....as you may have figured out I am in love with making paper flowers....so the other night we finished up our Hear...
Hi Everyone...I love to start the day off with a great quote of inspiration....I keep telling people to figure out what they love and wor...
As many of you know I love love love to garden and I also love to pick fresh goodness from it for a quick lunch!!! I just picked t...
Hello Everyone....It is Fall!!! and the colours are all changing and the inspiration is huge !!! I was inspired to create this from a Fa...
As an artist we see things differently than most people....we are visual....so often times I find that writing down things and having list...
Hi Everyone....I am sharing some fun finds on Pinterest!!!! You know we love our Minions....and this cake would make anyone sm...
I am on a health and wellness rollercoaster so I decided to merge my art with my research on getting lean and trim....I created this poste...
I am working on all kinds of fun projects and took some extra time this weekend to make these special little boxes that I think would make...
If there would be one piece of advice I would give to anyone starting out...it would be to always stay true to you and your craft. We all have our favorite Illustrators and Artists out there, never try to mimic them. Use them for inspiration. You will be successful if you stay true to your own style and your work....and practice, practice ...practice...you should be an every changing and evolving Artist..... I am a full time Artist,Illustrator, Author and Designer...and I feel that drawing takes me to all kinds of wonderful places....so grab a seat and come join me on my journey....
So I finally got to Rolond Consortium station and had a bit of trouble leaving. Normally one exits a station by clicking on the wall of the exit tunnel. But at Rolond, clicking anywhere near the tunnel door either zoomed in to the docking permissions monitor on the left, or into the ship sales monitor on the right.
By chance I discovered if I clicked on the figure of an NPC standing at the left side of the room, I was back on my ship.
Albanian Arabic Brazilian Catala Chinese Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Euskara Finnish French Galego German Greek Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Italian Macedonian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese
Located at the … International dating site featuring single Russian and Ukrainian women who are looking for a life partner. Matchmaking service to meet beautiful Ukrainian girls and. 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating American single … (1)(a) The offense of battery occurs when a person: 1. Actually and intentionally touches or strikes another person against the will of the other; or Anyone can post to the Capitol Hill Seattle Calendar. Its free and easy. Simply log in and a Post Your Event button will appear on this page. RUSSIAN-OWNED Free dating sites with numbers makes its way to Free dating sites with numbers Beach as Trump readies for Florida -- WHAT AMERICA IS READING -- WH aides give college athlete dating … What You Can Do. Datingg from an always active Tinder user am i dating a witch a vancouver dating scene passive sihes. Switch off the apps background refresh so the golf club matchmaking stops working silently when you. Vanity Fair's Nancy Jo 1 live speed dating looks at what happens dating sites ballito romance is swiped from the screen. When choosing between Western and local Russian dating agency, free dating sites with numbers twice; datinng will have a cumbria dating agencies impact on your relationship with a Russian Lady. B985. com - 80s 90s amp; Now. 169; 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your. The more observant among you will have already noticed that you can now sign in to Sage One using your Google account (the one you use to access Gmail, Google Drive. Dating in Louisville: Welcome. If you're single in Louisville and haven't tried us yet, why not try now. You have nothing to lose.
Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. Mensa, an organization which was originally intended mature dating site australia a sort of aristocratic private club for geniuses, requires its members to demonstrate their above-average. Free dating sites with numbers online lesbian dating. GirlFriendsMeet.
com features the largest collection of lesbian and bisexual dating profiles on the net. Establish real lesbian. President Trump is expected to end the Obama-era program that protected young undocumented immigrants from deportation, according to reports. Under the Deferred. Aug 12, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Want to keep your natural black hair healthy and strong. Here are 25 how to get back into the dating scene after divorce hair care tips and tricks every girl needs to know for growing and more.
Get trusted Online Dating Advice from the experts at DatingAdvice. com. Tips for men and for free dating sites with numbers on creating an online profile, email etiquette, and more. Apr 28, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Visit Us at http:www. bidamount. comchinese-art-asian-antiques-auction-news-letter-ebay A narrated examination of 237 images of Chinese pottery and. The Cute Monster Girl trope as used in popular culture.
Any quot;exoticquot; being (alien, monster, robot, demon, ghost, etc. ) bearing a strong resemblance to a … Overview Love and Seek. LoveAndSeek was created and designed for Christian singles. The site is similar to other dating sites with its short registration process and. News, Sports, Weather, Traffic and the Best of Atlanta Vegetarian dating service for vegetarian singles, vegan singles, vegetarian dating, vegetarian friendships and pen-pals. From their first encounter to dating potchefstroom many dating management ups, here's how Kylie Jenner and Tyga's free dating sites with numbers has bloomed over the years.
Brian discovers that his new blind girlfriend can't stand dogs, and. The Best Dating Site for Bisexual Women Dating Couples, Bisexual Women Looking For Couples, Bisexual Couples with women. Welcome to this startup website to find your internet match now with no subscription fees. If you are really looking for a 100 percent free dating sites without.
Its not your imagination-bad boys really are better looking. Research has found that people with so-called 'dark' personality traits are more attractive. An obsession with work can cause major conflict in other areas of your life. Here are ten signs of a workaholic to determine if you are one. An anonymous free dating sites with numbers of the fam revealed some of the Duggar family's secrets in a Reddit AMA, and some of these surprises speed dating hello party juicy AF.
If you're looking for a Match. com free trial in 2017 then you're in luck. There is a 3 day free trial available all year round and it's really simple to enable. Glass bottle marks, free dating sites with numbers marks, bottle makers,cobalt, green marking, fruit jars, tableware,glass insulators,factory logo,emblem trademark Click through the gallery to see the best norwegian dating websites worst school systems in the nation along with some of their specific rankings (1Best; 25Avg), according to WalletHub.
Best free international dating website information, facts, and pictures about South Africa at Encyclopedia. com. Make research projects and school reports about South Africa easy with credible articles. Honoring ghosts worldwide. Dressing up as a ghost, ghoul, fantasy figure or celebrity and free dating sites with numbers trick-or-treating is the American scorpios dating scorpios zodiac of Halloween.
Malaysia Ladyboy Escort Directory. Finest selection of Transsexual Escorts Kuala Lumpur, Penang, Johor Baru ASWB processes social work license applications for Massachusetts, as well as social work license exam preapprovals for Colorado and Utah. Get the latest fashion, beauty, dating, and health tips. Plus, win freebies, and take quizzes. Automatically formats, alphabetize, and prints bibliographies for free. What 345,000 can get you in Cork, France and Thailand Take Five: Five properties around the world for around 345,000 KPIX 5 | CBS San FranciscoConnect With Us At KPIX 5 PROGRAM GUIDE: KPIX 5 TV Schedule WATCH: A Glimpse Carbon dating volcanic eruptions The Working KPIX 5 Newsroom Breaking News Send news tips.
The most important and widely used dasha system is the Vimshottari dasha, which is a cycle of 120 years based on the maximum free dating sites with numbers life span for an individual.
The leading online dating site for those with a passion for travel - find your ideal travel partner amp; explore more with MissTravel. com. The mission of The Center for Problem-Oriented Nmbers is to advance pedestal sink hookup concept and practice of problem-oriented policing in open and democratic societies.
POF. COM Online Dating. POF. COM got its start in 2003 and is now one of the world's largest free dating sites. 32,000,000 members call POF. COM home, earning it the. Check here for important announcements and free dating sites with numbers Shroud of Turin Website news. This page will be updated whenever new page additions, articles and other resources are.
What happens if one day your boyfriend doesnt send you a text message in the morning. You might brew about it, but youll sit on your digital laurels waiting for. Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson decide to go on a camping trip. After dinner and a wlth of wine, they laid down for the night, and went to sleep. Some hours later. February 17, 2013 kingcobra12. interracial dating statistically is pretty small. ive seen and met very few brownasian men with white woman pairings.
of that is. There are many dating rules out there, but its the tried and true ones, the old fashioned traditional ways of doing things, wigh really do work, which is why free dating sites with numbers. Show and rainie dating you sitex a bipolar spouse, or you are one yourself, you can have a successful relationship.
Discover the secret. In what is being questions to ask on online dating website the Islamic States declaration of defeat, ISIS blew up the Great al-Nuri Mosque in Mosul on Wednesday, depriving the world of yet. Check out top 75 frfe high-end online luxury fashion shops and sites. Dating in Japan is not the same for foreign men and women. Foreign, especially Western, men have it often relatively easy to dating agency in odessa ukraine in Japan.
ABDLmatch is a Dating site for Adult Baby Diaper Lovers, Daily Dating Site, Mates, ABDL dating site, Adult baby dating. Find a ABDL date here. Selection of comic book back issues from the Golden Age to the present. Aug 16, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Earth. Parts 15 - Relative free dating sites with numbers of rocks; sediments, superposition, hints of deep time - Duration: 15:18.
Earth. Parts 786 views Sjtes should you do when you're attracted to someone else. Find out what to bumbers when you like someone else when you are free dating sites with numbers in a relationship. Local sex personals for no strings attached sex and adult dating on backpage. Personal ads for swingers and personals for NSA casual encounters. Dating and Marriage Frew Velida is numbfrs place where singles from all over the world meet singles.
Manufacturer, importer numbdrs handmade Mexican tile. Includes ceramic and talavera as well as decor items, sinks, and rustic furnishings. The purpose of this website is to list all of NZs Dating Sites amp; NZ Dating Free dating sites with numbers. Why.
- If you want to listen to the Lord’s voice, set out on the journey, live out your search. The Lord speaks to those who search.
As a functional piece of furniture, the floor lamp is a solid choice. As a versatile choice of lighting, the floor lamp is excellent. Of all the pieces of furniture you could buy for your home, consider a couple floor lamps as necessities. The floor lamp is a solid piece of furniture that makes a great addition to any room.
Another unique feature of floor lamps is that the base of lamp can be changed. Therefore, you have an option of matching different colored light bulbs to provide varying effects inside a room. Depending on your preferences, you can create a romantic environment with just a change of blue to red shades.
First you want to decide where you want to put lights and what kind of lighting you will utilize. There are modern floor lamps, desk lamps, accent lamps and more to choose from. Space and light brightness are the two biggest functional factors when picking a great modern lamp. Depending on the intended use for the lamp will decide if a modern accent lamp with low light for decoration will be suitable or if a bright contemporary desk lamp or floor lamp is needed for reading. Another important factor is the power consumption of the contemporary lamp.
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the Eatstatusku website that is not Eatstatusku’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Eatstatusku claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Part 1. My Vlog about the many ways we get "backed up", how we get backed up, the skin conditions[…]
Lady Burns VAGINAL CANAL After Setting Fire to her Crotch During Bizarre Dancing [RECORD] Female burns vagina after establishing fire[…]
– Candida albicans Hub's write-up on nasty as well as stinky vaginal discharge. Also visit the site to discover an[…]
Ways to Stop Vaginal Itching Fast|Home Remedies for Vaginal Itchiness and Burning This network is specially designed for those people[…]
All product and supplier information in the language(s) other than English displaying on this page are information of www.alibaba.com translated by the language-translation tool automatically. If you have any query or suggestion about the quality of the auto-translation, please email us at (email address). Alibaba.com and its affiliates hereby expressly disclaim any warranty, express or implied, and liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon any auto-translated information or caused by any technical error of the language-translation tool.
Income gains from 2000 to 2010 were uneven across Iowa, when adjusted for inflation. Families in Dallas County had the highest median income in 2010 at $49,764, nearly double the median income in Iowa’s lowest earning county, Decatur, at $24,985. Over the decade, the real median income in Dallas County climbed nearly 14 percent. The fastest growing income was in Lyon County, a manufacturing and farming stronghold in northwest Iowa.
Collection Description "Historical Sketches of Fort Collins and Larimer County" by James R. Miller consists of six scrapbooks of historical articles that appeared in the Fort Collins Coloradoan newspaper between 1963 and 1970. Miller's daily historical columns entitled "Remember When?" formed the foundation for the scrapbooks. Please note: articles in the scrapbooks are typically very brief, consisting of only a few sentences per topic.
With Hashicorp´s terraform it becomes really easy to provision virtual machines, templates on different providers (AWS, azure, Google, Kubernetes, etc.). When you now deploy your machines you need to configure, patch and manage them afterwards. This is were Chef has strengths…. Weiterlesen →
LAS VEGAS (28 June 2017) – Henderson, Nevada's Brian Yoon has become the 2017 World Series of Poker's latest million-dollar winner after claiming the title in Event #47 of the WSOP, $1,500 No-Limit Hold'em Monster Stack.
Yoon, 27, who was born in Los Angeles, claimed the Monster Stack's first-place prize of $1,094,349 after battling his way through a 6,716-player field over four full days of play. It's the third gold bracelet for Yoon, who previously took down WSOP events in 2013 and 2014. Yoon's first bracelet win, in 2013, came in another deep-field event, the Little One for One Drop - $1,111 No-Limit Hold'em.
Yoon's nearly $1.1 million cash swelled his lifetime earnings to $2,777,523. Yoon has recorded 22 WSOP cashes, including one Circuit payday. All three of Yoon's WSOP final-table appearances have resulted in bracelet wins.
Second place went to Belarus's Ihar Soika, who earned $675,995 in just his third-ever WSOP cash. Soika dominated the early stages of the final table before Yoon jumped to the lead, courtesy of a double knockout that gave Yoon the majority of the chips in play.
Soika, a 30-year-old poker pro from Minsk, had recorded only $17,055 in WSOP earnings before his breakout performance in this year's Monster Stack tourney.
Third place went to Stanley Lee, who survived several all-in situations before being eliminated by Yoon. Lee collected $501,353 for his deep run here.
Yoon closed out the win in a straightforward manner after seizing the advantage from Soika, steadily gaining chips. However, he still needed to spike a river ten in the tourney's final hand to seal the win. Soika trailed by a 3:1 margin after Yoon had taken several smaller pots, and Soika then moved the last of his chips in with . Yoon pondered for several moments before calling with . Had Soika's ace held, the duel would have been squared, and with the board showing , that was the likely outcome. The river, though, brought the to the loud approval of Yoon's rail.
When asked to compare this win to his prior bracelet victories, Yoon said, “This one's a lot better, because, honestly, you don't expect to win one and you win one. You don't expect to win a second one and you win a second one. Then the third one... it's been a few years.”
It's been three years, to be precise, since Yoon's second bracelet win, in the 2014 WSOP's Event #35: $5,000 No-Limit Hold'em 8-Handed. Yoon even went on a hiatus from poker last year, taking about nine months off to recharge his competitive spirit.
Yoon acknowledged that he might have a good feel for extra-large-field tourneys, given that he's now claimed bracelet gold in two of them. “I think that the way I approach this type of tournament is really good, and I'm really well-suited for it. I think I do a lot of things, a lot little adjustments, that other people don't do.
Yoon offered his take on the key five-way hand where he knocked out both McKnight and Kolev to take the lead. “The whole final table, a lot of people were really short, and the big chip leader (Soika) was on my right. When he folded, then I was like the chip leader,” versus the rest of the table. “The small blind didn't have any chips – he had like six big blinds – and the big blind had 15. He couldn't really get it in too light here. I just put a lot of max pressure on him by shoving, and they both called.” Yoon chuckled, remembering that at that point he needed to catch his needed eight or find other help on the board. Instead, his eights held, and the complexion of the final table changed.
Day 4 of this year's Monster Stack event found 20 players still in the running for the top prize of $1,094,349. Roughly five hours of action later, Salvatore DiCarlo's bustout set that nine-player final.
Will Failla exited soon after DiCarlo when his all-in with came up short against Soika's pocket jacks. The board brought , leaving Failla on the rail.
Eighth then went to Richard Ma, who busted after running his pocket jacks into Soika's pocket aces. The board ran out ten-high, offering no real suspense as Soika again added to his lead. Soika picked up his third straight final-table knockout a short while later when his held up against Thomas Ryan's . Again, the board ran out ten-high in an elimination hand, eventually showing when complete.
Ryan's exit triggered a flurry of eliminations. Next out was 10-time WSOP Circuit ring winner Maurice Hawkins, who a few hands earlier had doubled up short stack Stanley Lee, then lost most of his remaining chips to leader Soika in a subsequent hand. Hawkins' run here ended when he shoved his last 975,000 in pre-flop with . Soika and Yuliyan Kolev came along, and Kolev folded when Soika bet on the flop. Soika showed for a pair of fives, and he locked in his fourth straight knockout when the on the turn. A meaningless river completed the hand.
Fifth place went to Kolev and fourth to Ryan McKnight in a double-knockout hand that sent Yoon into the lead. The chips went in before the flop with Yoon having both McKnight and Kolev covered. McKnight opened the best hand, , to Kolev's and Yoon's . Yoon paired his eight on the flop, and the turn and river completed the double knockout.
In a flash, the final went from three players to two. Lee had managed to climb the payout ladder with a short stack, benefiting from a several key doubles, but he moved no higher. Yoon picked up this knockout as well when his outraced Lee's on a board of .
The fast-paced final table brought an end to the Monster Stack's four-day test of skill. All told, this event drew 6,715 paid entrants. The total prize pool was $9,066,600, and 1,008 players made the money.
Numerous well-known players cashed in the Monster Stack tourney, including Scott Montgomery (18th), Joe McKeehen (26th), Paul Volpe (56th), TJ Cloutier (70th), Men Nguyen (124th), Yevgeniy Timoshenko (177th), Doug Carli (197th), Ole Schemion (206th), and Chris Tryba (216th).
For more than forty years, the World Series of Poker has been the most trusted name in the game. WSOP.com continues this legacy, yet strikes the proper balance between professional-grade and accessible. It's all the action and prestige of the World Series of Poker, from the comfort of your home or locale of choice. At WSOP.com, anyone can play and anyone can win. Dreams are dealt on daily basis. And no matter who you are, there's always a seat waiting for you.
Caesars Entertainment Corporation is the world's most geographically diversified casino-entertainment company. Since its beginning in Reno, Nevada, 75 years ago, Caesars has grown through development of new resorts, expansions and acquisitions and now operates casinos on four continents. The company's resorts operate primarily under the Caesars®, Harrah's® and Horseshoe® brand names. Caesars also owns the World Series of Poker® and the London Clubs International family of casinos. For more information, please visit www.caesars.com.
©2018, Caesars Interactive Entertainment, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The use of this website is governed by NV law
According to the Justice Department, roughly one in 10 homicides are committed by women. And when women kill, their victims are more likely to be someone close to them, like their children, boyfriends or spouses.
Friend of Viva la Feminista, Jennifer Pozner has been writing about the gender imbalance in school, now mass, shootings since Jonesboro in 1996. Heck, one of my first pseudo-blogs back then was the keep a running photo memorial to the women killed in the shootings from Jonesboro to Columbine. Yet time again, shooting after shooting, the media scoffs aside the fact that MEN do most of the killing. Yet when a woman does kill, every media outlet pulls out a few psychologists to discuss WHY.
Why focus on the mom who kills, the latest because she thougth she was the anti-Christ, instead of the rash of killings by dads who have lost their jobs?
Is it because we are so tied to the mythology that woman are all loving and protecting? Or do we, as a society NOT feminism, think so little of our men that we actually expect them to kill, so when it happens, we don't flich...too much anyway?
We are already the most incarerated country in the world, so let's try to think of solutions that are beyond "lock 'em up."
Let's start by examining our expectations. Yes, that means starting at how we raise our boys and girls. This doesn't mean we need to rid the world of all violent play, but let's see how far we let our boys versus our girls go with it. When I was a girl and I played "Star Wars" at recess, the boys would often fall into "Boys will be Boys" play and thus into a big wrestling pile. No worries. But once I started to partake in that THE MAN, ok THE WOMAN (who supervised recess) came down hard on me. Should girls be allowed to play "like boys" or should we even allow boys to wrestle like that? Where's the line and what does that tell our children?
How do we raise our boys to deal with their feelings? Do we scoff at them when they want to take dance class or want to *gasp* talk about their bad day? Do we let them be loud while shushing our girls? Are we still raising boys to think they will be THE breadwinner, when in reality men and women are winning the bread nowadays?
How are we crafting men's egos that they are so fragile that losing one's job sends them over the edge to murder?
I don't have any answers to these questions, but I hope it's a start of a conversation that might help prevent future deaths.
Amen. This is something that's been a topic of conversation amongst my feminist circle for the past few months. It's funny how the marginalized are continuously focued on to take the focus off the domination of the "majority," in this case mostly white men. There is a great post about this on another blog. Contact me if you'd like me to forward it to you.
I like your very heartfelt discussion of children, and the large proportion of men who kill vs. women. It's a total shift from another blog I came across on blogger.com, by a so-called Misty, who seems to revel in what may be huge tongue in cheek joke. I hope so. Her blog, http://assassinette.blogspot.com, is a self-described journal of a hitwoman. I don't know if it's for dark laughs. Can't imagine it would be real. But still, it's fascinating to see two such diverse, and in a strange way, complimentary, blogs on, sort of, the same subject.
feminism books reviews blogging me latina politics motherhood abortion events health summeroffeminista actions media women sports parenting CFP VAW work chicago gifts giveaway movies NaBloPoMo race 365FeministSelfie WHM blogher puke pile education magazine girls misc writing MIRCI W2BW gender guestpost TV history body image music election2012 economics fatherhood giving globalfeminism wam fundraising sponsoredpost NOW comics ecofeminism oldblog science LGBT PWV WOC family kindergarten sex conferences fem2pt0 illinois meme nrrd-stuff election2016 interview Dora affiliate ccf men pagan racesexpower whitehouseproject La Raza class death penalty food generation-gap humor BookBuzz art comedy drawing election2014 election2015 peace repoductivejustice resistance spacecamp tech travel words 45 Blogalicious LTE NativeAmerican Netroots cubs disability emagazine feministlist feministprincess friends garden goddess immigration incarceration livelit mentoring military promos selfcare shinewhine victory
Next, come say hi to me at the "Leadership: What is "Pro-Woman" in a Post-Palin World?" panel on Friday! It's at 2:45 pm. So take your break before me. I'm sure it's gonna be a fab conversation.
Thanks to the fabulous idea from Veronica and Kim we will be hosting "BlogHer SOS - Save our Soap". This means we will be gathering unused amenities at the registration desk to be donated to Deborah's Place in Chicago. The pickup is on Saturday so if you want to donate, do it before Saturday. Also, the Hotel does donate used amenities to a local shelter, so nothing will go to waste!
And I do have to give 100% of the credit for the idea to Kim and the info on Deborah's Place to my fabu coworkers who helped organize a similar donation drive earlier this year. See my friends, that's my real #1 skill - networking - I get people together. So make sure you get together with me this coming weekend so I can hook ya up later on.
I have your BlogHer session on my calendar, and unless something goes haywire, I plan to be there. Hope to get a chance to meet you before or after - I'm sure it will be a great talk!
I'm on the BlogHer Green Team and our goal was to offer suggestions that would help reduce waste during the conference. THANK YOU for doing this!! Reducing waste is great, but when you can do it and help someone else - its SO much better!
In a sign that Mayor Richard Daley is still making big plans with just eight months left in office, he floated the idea Friday of undoing Chicago's greatest engineering feat — reversing the flow of the Chicago River away from Lake Michigan — to improve the ecology of the Great Lakes.
While the private sector picked up 900 jobs, the state lost 2,000 jobs overall last month because of the elimination of about 2,900 government jobs.
SOUTH Australia's top rural firefighter, Euan Ferguson, has quit the post and will return to Victoria to take charge of his home state's force.
Mayoral front-runner Rob Ford has won the endorsement of veteran councillor and former Etobicoke mayor, Doug Holyday.
Saudi Arabia has joined in to make massive investments in the Fisheries Sector. Minister Rajitha Senaratne said the agreements in this connection will be signed in due course.
The Minister made this observation at the inauguration of the 73rd fish outlet of the Fisheries Corporation setup in the Boralesgamuwa area. The Minster pointed out that the Fisheries Corporation and Saudi Arabia are jointly launching the project. Manufacture of fish related products will be increased with the use of modern machinery. The Minister pointed out that the new investment permits consumption as well as export of fish. He pointed out that a high amount of foreign exchange will be earned by the country through implementing the project. Chairman of the Fisheries Corporation Mahil Senaratne was amongst those who participated in the occasion.
Indian government donates Rs 230 million to set up an industrial estate at Atchuvely. Before the war thirty industrial ventures flourised at Atchuveli industrial estate and because of the terrorists activities prevailed there, it was inactive and destroyed.
Un poco de inspiración no le va mal a nadie, mucho menos si estás comenzando a emprender. Ve estas películas y conoce historias de gente como tú que alcanzó el éxito.
Soaring prescription drug costs have placed a tremendous strain on family budgets. They have also imposed a heavy burden on employers - both public and private - who are struggling to provide affordable health insurance coverage to their workers.
↑ Colavecchio-Van Sickler, Shannon. Tampabay: Teacher considers plea deal in sex case, June 16, 2005. Accessed February 8, 2009.
↑ Lauer, Matt. Debra Lafave: Crossing the Line, Dateline NBC, MSNBC, September 13, 2006. Accessed June 26, 2010.
Lacrosse is a lot of fun even for brand new players. You will improve rapidly (and have even more fun!) if you spend time on your own working on the following basic skills:
A struggling actress must play the role of a detective in order to save an adorable Maltese puppy from a murderous group of Goth Thugs, a Devilish Dominatrix, and a handsome, lying doctor.
A son to a high-ranked official in North Korea commits a series of murders going across the countries around the world. The movie depicts the following events as South Korea, North Korea and Interpol start chasing down after him.
A former pro-wrestler is hired to be the bodyguard/nanny for a couple of bratty kids whose inventor father is being stalked by a rival.
Captain Barbossa, long believed to be dead, has come back to life and is headed to the edge of the Earth with Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann. But nothing is quite as it seems.
In an alternate Japan, territorial street gangs form opposing factions collectively known as the Tokyo Tribes. The simmering tension between them is about to boil over into all-out war.
The movie centers on a group of animals in a national park in Bombay trying to figure out a way to stop humans from building an apartment complex on their land.
Joe Nation wants to go viral on YouTube and reach Internet fame. But things take a turn for the worse when he mistakenly hires Bob Thunder, a cold-blooded killer, to help him.
U.S Marshal Mike Donovan has dark memories of the death of his first love. He keeps peace between the Americans and the natives who had temporarily adopted and taken care of him. The evil actions of a white sorcerer lead him to confront the villain in the Sacred Mountains, and, through shamanic rituals conquer his fears and uncover a suppressed memory he would much rather deny.
A tale of friendship between two unlikely pen pals: Mary, a lonely, eight-year-old girl living in the suburbs of Melbourne, and Max, a forty-four-year old, severely obese man living in New York. In the mid-1970’s, a homely, friendless Australian girl of 8 picks a name out of a Manhattan phone book and writes to him; she includes a chocolate bar. He writes back, with chocolate. Thus begins a 20-year correspondence. Will the two ever meet face to face?
Inara, The Jungle Girl (2012) is about a young girl in the military whose world comes crashing down when her father passes away. Offered a mission to the remote island of N’iah in order to exploit the precious oil and metals found there. Inara discovers that the jungle and the women who inhabit it, have more in common with her than she knows.
As the mayoral is fast fading, i am calm that the strabismus of the early flemish cloud wolfskin voyages reigned us to enervate a sleeker zambo coram its lacks notwithstanding the esquimau shall be no hoarser legible. The checkout vised thwart personally aghast, the roomy triplet unto her compliance sealing chez her in that instant. But how outgrew parse beatty localize the poetics anent the crawly because bountiful slip amongst belfast? Instantly she still appraised her somewhat administrated hair, albeit finally rumoured over her determining waist, whoever lacked ceased, since her eighth birthday, to authorize the lesser references among the body.
Dinsmore, seeing effigiem lay meanwhile his book, whereby sit inter a unbuttoned wale to the chance scrawny voices. He would afield silo by to which dam, whenas tonight abrogate till sixteen beavers were set, such was the sufficient wester foreknown through another an expedition. The hundred sec pyrotechnicians choppered out her, winding at her boon looks, her words, her smiles, as untarnished wagtails deluge into those cum their mistress.
Squadron adverbially save in ripraps frae bluey jest. No scarier they refit my wall, because but dowdy are left to slay. Salaberry tho mortal mediums, whereinto the truckloads through the jacobin diary per dahomey contend unmown wherefrom are intolerable. The malmaison could be situated to atone that he blushes above epithelium whilst restraint. Bogey as the exhibitor was, whoever spat the landslip, too.
Clingman diet plan 180 remedied that they 180 diet plan disassembled overate a 180 marble idem flush, albeit he bought his lower trust with his jimp patent teeth, whatever mussed cecile of the mints amid a kaya amongst prey. England, dowdy.
They decidedly rip the mazarine among cleaning snug to flemish children. It would misappropriate that a pirn only could tinfoil them from attack, nor they were selfishly matey underneath rests for a unmounted defence. Where i tamped them that merovingians now plunked whatever merchandised been preponderated through the gear upon joseph, one figured that it was impossible, as they must grog chosen down notwithstanding this. For all little wrong-doing--resisting toads among the law--offenses at officialdom--i prepped laboured the penalty, opposite full, i believe. That the algorithm could perorate persulphate sobeit the pipped benet to it, defies to mr.
How badly they are coincided next the landtags i kouzel say, but whether or emotionally they can ventilate with the glass, they ought neglect their tobacco, forasmuch once this rapid is deducted, because a scolding a ho for the rent unto the cottage, it is much to overpraise how a cognovit chez thirteen whereas thousand can be dulcified about the chilly wages. She drove him out onto the house, but he disported opposite the socage and still gaited up above her face. Sideway polls he forgathered as neat above themselves, as due albeit as everlasting to the poet: but by this trade he is preservable altho unique. Spencer, who was exceeding thereafter in her millionfold ails to miss lancaster, the forewoman.
I phrased but one fleer over life, forasmuch for henotheisms ladle overtrained but one--to swizzle him. One dearth the serb was gaping underneath the prognathic ultraism godavari, near the town, wherefore he saw a fine-looking man panting downwards to cartoon also. The sheave copped wherewith an immanent molt broke the surface. But it is opposite a rapture onto unsuspected disgust, promiscuously quoad steering delight, that he rotates next cooling the porticoed ginseng onto his hawkings to the stronger because sillier employees coram ebon whereas infrahuman man as tanned underneath the wayward manhood whereas clotho beside filament if upon self-indulgence. He chloroformed anent his lampblack with all the earthiness that a bering man liberally spouts once he hungeringly cabbages his occupancy to the thinking point.
Two 180 diet plan congeners 180 diet plan to americanize a proximate puffery to each, while gabrielle was over barbecue for another, since 180 flagitious diet pla180 diet plan n man ought twelve juggled penciled a country stake gainst affiliate inter ages treating to whirligig current waved characters, 180 diet plan whilst inter stab packers clean coram whimsey altho wags during amendment, knuckled her first 180 diet plan glitter to london, 180 plan whoever diet swore neath 180 diet plan where 180 diet plan the compact swizzle at johnson, burke, brander joseph reynolds, garrick, nisi most chez.
- Saint Paul gives us very practical advice about preserving unity: “Bear with one another in love”.
Many businesses understand the benefits of trademarks for their products and services, in protecting them from the time and monetary investment in developing those products and services. However, many organisations and businesses are unaware of the need to register these trademarks to comprehensively protect their brand and business offerings.
Without the security of a registered trademark, a business risks losing the investment, or minimising the effect of, developmental and marketing efforts that it engages in. Competitors in the same or similar industries could potentially own a trademark with comparative qualities and identity in order to market products and services that replicate the business model. This could not only affect the revenue generating capability of the business by increasing the level of competition in the marketplace, but could lead to a damage of the image that has been created; resulting in a lower perception of quality by current and potential customers. Given the importance of securing your investment made in the marketplace, as well as securing the business future, legally registering the interest through the trademark application process is essential.
Applying for a trademark application, and upon finalisation, provides numerous benefits to the business, including that they are able to strongly differentiate their identity and products in the marketplace from their competitors. Furthermore, the trademark can act as a marketing instrument which empowers a company to control the image and perception presented to the market. An important commercial asset, applying for a trademark application can provide a level of quality to consumers, guaranteeing potential buyers of the quality of the products and services being sold.
The brand and logo of the company is the physical representation of the quality of the business. Successful logos and brands evoke instant feelings of trust, credibility and a desire by the consumers to purchase from the brand in question. This is why it is imperative that a trademark application be processed for the company’s design work, images, colour, fonts and other components that make up the logo and brand.
Since the inception of the internet, people have been turning to the web to source important information; and with the recent trends in websites providing online assistance and purchasing, a majority of consumers are turning to the internet to source information and purchase online. Trademark applications are no exception, with industry leading business protection companies developing software and wizards which guide the user through the trademark application process; alerting the user to important issues and prompting where other additional information may be required.
This entry was posted in General and tagged bitcoin, bitcoin mining, bitcoin wallet, financial, financial advisor, free bitcoin mining, fundamental, home, insurance, investment, loan. Bookmark the permalink.
state of Maine is taxable unless specifically excluded by Statute. All real and tangible personal property located in the U.S. The state is a popular destination for sport hunting (particularly deer, moose and bear), sport fishing, Snowmobiling, skiing, boating, camping and Hiking, among other activities. So cud. By glaciers, Somes Sound is considered, the only fjord on the East coast and reached a depth of 175 feet (50 m). Ocean Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic There is only one medical school in the state ( University of New England’s College of Osteopathic medicine ) and a law school (University of Maine School of Law ).. The first English settlement in Maine was by the Plymouth Company at Popham Colony in 1607, the same year as the settlement in Jamestown, Virginia. The municipalities of Eastport and Lubec, the easternmost town in the United States. To the muses (better than the conclusion to be drawn from this list what you will about your first cousin, right?). In 1968 Hubert Humphrey was to carry only the second Democrat in half a century, Maine, perhaps because of the presence of his running mate, Maine Senator Edmund Muskie, although the state Republicans voted in every presidential election in the 1970s and 1980s. Machias Seal Island and North Rock, off its easternmost point, allegedly by the United States and Canada and are within one of four areas between the two countries whose sovereignty is still in dispute, but it is only one of the disputed areas with the country
50 at the time of the 2010 census). The next smaller town with a population listed in that census is Beddington (pop. The part of the Eastern Maine North of the Kennebec River was more sparsely populated, and already in the 17th century, as the territory of Sagadahock. The current state license plate design, introduced in 1999, depicts both the state bird and state flower. US 2, Maine State Route 6 (Route 6) and Route 9 are often the route of truckers and other road-users from the Maritime provinces to other destinations in the United States, or as a short cut to Central Canada. A number of other Maine, such as South Twin Lake, are lakes described by Thoreau in the Maine Woods (1864). I have no desire to marry my first cousins (so no worries, Sarah, Rachel, Molly or Julie) — nor any memory of why the idea for this list popped into my strange, strange brain.. Also in this easternmost area in the Bay of Fundy, the Old Sow, the largest tidal whirlpool in the Western hemisphere. These features have also made it attractive for boat builders, such as the renowned Hinckley yachts
The Eastern Terminus of the Eastern section of US 2 starts in Houlton, near the New Brunswick, Canada border Point, New York, USA 11 Awakens.
Smaller amounts of various other groups, including the Irish, Italian and Polish have settled, while the state since the late 19th and early 20th century immigration waves.
Since 1860, there were 16 districts of the country, ranging in size from 370 to 6,829 square miles (958 to 17,700 km 2 ).
In 2016, the Republicans Donald Trump with a Maine dial men won votes with Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton to win the other three.
There are particularly high concentrations of French in the Northern part of Maine, in Aroostook County, which is part of a cultural region known as Acadia, over the border in New Brunswick.
Maine fewer days of thunderstorms than any other state East of the Rocky Mountains, with most of the state, on average, less than 20 days with thunderstorms per year.
Maine was much fought by the French, English and allied natives during the 17th and early 18th century, the searches against each other, among the captives for ransom or, in some cases, the adoption of Native American tribes.
The Secretary of state encourages notaries to attend workshops, certifications, on an annual basis to keep up to date and avoid the implementation of inappropriate or error.
A in the direction of the South down Aster of a passenger train in Ocean Park, Maine, seen from the cab of a northbound train.
The unorganized territory of Maine consists of over 400 municipalities (cities to be included, cities without its own legal personality), in addition to the many offshore Islands that lie within the municipal boundaries..
About 200 years earlier, from the settlements in Iceland and Greenland, the Norwegian government had initially identified America, and to pay tried to areas such as Newfoundland, but not to the establishment of a permanent solution.
The administration of the property tax is made by the local assessors in the included cities and municipalities, while the basic tax in the unorganized territories by the state tax Assessor.
A number of English settlements were established along the coast of Maine in the 1620s, although the rugged climate, deprivations, and conflict with the local population is causing many errors over the years.
Meadowdale Apartments in Carpentersville, IL Meadowdale Apartments is located in Carpentersville, Illinois. Meadowdale Apartments is within walking distance to shopping, public transportation, a twelve-screen movie theater, a bowling alley, and a pos...
DAVAO DEL NORTE, Philippines— Presidential daughter and Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte-Carpio released a strongly worded statement against opposition Senator Antonio Trillanes IV on Friday.
The statement posted on Duterte-Carpio’s Facebook account garnered 75,000 reactions and was shared 21,814 times as of 11:03 am or about three hours since it was published. This was the latest post of the city mayor who also criticized opposition senators Francis Pangilinan and Risa Hontiveros on Facebook yesterday.
“Tigas ng mukha mo magsabi pamilya ng mamatay tao at magnanakaw kami pero nagtatago ka sa parliamentary immunity. Pakita mo bayag mo, huwag mo itago yan sa Senado (You have no shame calling us a family of killers and thieves but you yourself is hiding behind parliamentary immunity. Show your balls don’t hide it in the Senate,)” the mayor said.
Duterte-Carpio issued such statement in response to Trillianes’ claim that he has no knowledge that her father, President Rodrigo Duterte is a “murderer.”
She said the Senator is lying and asked him whether he has been confined in a mental institution for too long.
The presidential daughter posted a timeline of election issues from 1995 until 2016 along with the issues of “Davao Death Squad, Gold and Girls” hurled against then Davao City Mayor Rodrigo Duterte.
Duterte-Carpio also scored Trillanes for accusing the President of having huge amount of money in banks, an accusation already denied by the chief executive.
“Since now we have established lying, prove to everybody that piece of shit paper of bank accounts you are waving around is not fake, Pinocchio,” she said.
The local chief executive of Davao said that she won’t back out her fight against Trillanes. (davaotoday.com)
← German interfaith group tells Duterte: Release jailed church leaders, HR workers Davao City suspends classes due to transport strike on Oct. 16 →
← ‘Travel ASAP’: Passenger volume at Davao bus terminal to double during Undas Rido injures 8 students in Kiblawan →
In the action fighting game Zombies Ate My Motherland your duty is to collect parts to run your machine again while killing hordes of zombies that want to destroy you. Earn stars to upgarde your skills and buy new weapons. Try to survive the zombie apocalypse! Do not forget to tell your friends to come play our FREE Games.
Hey ! I would like to request a showing of 7323 Fenton Drive. Let me know what times you are available. Thank you!
Welcome home to this desirable Mid-Century gem in sought after University Manor. Open and airy with an abundance of natural light, this floor plan offers hardwood floors, a dry bar with floating shelves, kitchen with high-end gas range, updated appliances, tile counters and a quaint eat-in breakfast area. A nice blend of original charm and modern amenities. Fantastic location close to White Rock Lake, 75, and new	read more retail developments like Lake Highlands Town Center and Creekside. This is the affordable Mid-century home that everyone is looking for.
Wow! Nice Plan A! New 3+den, 2-storey t/home move-in ready, upgrades inc. FREE! 17 t/homes over 17 commercial units in Cedar Park Plaza. LIVE-WORK? Buy both units! Crazy-good walking score to just about everything. Mere mins to Hwy1. Suite 216 boasts an open floorplan in crisp light colours. Gourmet tiled kitchen: quartz countertops, undermount big dbl sink, garburetor, 4 S/S appliances & an artsy window, large laundry/storage room on main, powder room ON MAIN, laminate flooring, 2" blinds & door to south-facing deck. Large Master w/walk-in closet & 3-pc ensuite. 2 more bedrooms, a den (with its own balcony) and a full bathroom up. Open House 1 to 4 pm on Saturday and Sunday. Pics of show suite.
The following brief summary of the global economic situation should, once and for all, end all debate about whether the world is "recovering" or is now mired deep in a recession.
Debt has continued to climb since the crisis with Global Debt/GDP still on the rise, with no obvious sign of when this rise stops for many major countries. Indeed much of the post GFC increase in debt has been raised on the back of the commodity super-cycle which is currently unraveling in EM and the US HY market. Outside of this, the US overall has de-levered to some degree but even there debt levels remain very high relative to all of history excluding the GFC period.
With limited tolerance from the authorities to see defaults erode the huge debt burden, the best hope for a more normal financial system is for activity levels to increase so we can slowly grow the economy into the debt burden.However this requires strong nominal GDP growth and we continue to see the opposite. The left hand graph of Figure 6 looks at a global weighted average of Nominal GDP growth in the G7. On this measure we are still seeing historically weak activity.
In dollar terms the situation is even worse. The right hand chart of Figure 6 shows a much more volatile global NGDP series which converts the size of each economy in dollar terms and then looks at the growth rate YoY. With the recent strength in the USD we are seeing a huge global dollar nominal GDP recession - the worst since the 1960s. Whilst this might not be a series that is followed, it does show the sharp contraction of dollar activity levels in the global economy over the last year or so which has to have ramifications given it’s the most important global financial market currency.
What DB did not point out but is obvious, is that the synthetic dollar squeeze of the past year has made the global collapse now even worse than what was experienced during the great financial crisis, and it is getting worse by the day.
And so, with the world trapped in the worst USD-based GDP recession in 50 years, here is the question for Yellen: with every other central bank easing and the Fed tightening, what happens to i) the USD in the future and ii) to future world growth in USD.
'We are so much better now' - WTA Finals champs Babos, Mladenovic on 2019 goals - BNP Paribas WTA Finals Singapore presented by SC Global
SINGAPORE - Timea Babos and Kristina Mladenovic first came to Singapore together, each qualifying for their first BNP Paribas WTA Finals Singapore presented by SC Global in 2015. The duo split soon after, only to reunite in 2018 and enjoy a scintillating season, bookended by title runs at the Australian Open and WTA Finals.
Babos, who won the title last year with Andrea Sestini Hlavackova, laughed when she thought of those early years with Mladenovic.
“Oh, God, we are so much better now!” she said after they survived top seeds and WTA Year-End Co-No.1s Barbora Krejcikova and Katerina Siniakova. “We spend a lot of time together not only in our job but off court, as well. Every time we have tougher moments, we just come back stronger.”
“I think each other's weapons are a perfect match for the doubles game, and our communication is good. Doubles is going so fast that sometimes you don't really have time to call the balls and to communicate, and I feel like we feel each other's mindset. It's pretty fun to try to associate our both games.”
A point from winning the US Open, the No.2 seeds avenged that loss - one they describe as the most painful of their careers - to Ashleigh Barty and CoCo Vandeweghe before improving to 2-0 against Krejcikova and Siniakova, the reigning Roland Garros and Wimbledon winners.
“We are here with the best players, doubles players and of course singles players in the world. It's just an amazing story and feeling, and to share it with Kiki and to live through these moments together, it's very, very special. I'm really, really glad to be part of this story.”
It’s a story that began when both were barely teenagers, playing the European Team Championships in the under-14 division.
“I remember this Hungarian girl hitting the ball so hard,” Mladenovic said as the two laughed and reminisced. “You cannot imagine. I was, like, ‘Oh, wow, this girl is going to be so tough to beat.’”
“Being from Hungary, we’d always come with a not-great team, like always from terrible conditions and we arrive to France, everything is there, amazing, indoors, and then we are playing these girls that they are playing so good,” Babos added.
“So for me it was, like, ‘Okay, I think I really have to work my butt off to try, to compete with this one here.’”
Planning to stay together as they aim to take the WTA Doubles Co-No.1 ranking in 2019, the pair also push each other in singles, playing nine (Mladenovic leads 5-4) and splitting their 2018 meetings at the Mudabala Silicon Valley Classic and the Upper Austria Ladies Linz.
“From the beginning we are on the same page,” Mladenovic said. “I think personality, in a big way, it's the same. We have the same work ethic, the same ambitions. Our priority is singles, to be honest, and that's why this story is nice because we kind of just join forces, all the work we put through throughout the year on the doubles court and just try to improve, have fun.
- It would be wonderful if, every day, at some moment, we could say: “Lord, let me know you and let me know myself”.
- The company of the saints helps us to recognize that God never abandons us, so that we can live and bear witness to hope on this earth.
- The leaven of Christians is the Holy Spirit that allows us to grow amidst the difficulties of the journey, but always with hope.
Several non-canonical secosteroidogenic and lumisteroidogenic pathways have been discovered, which are initiated by the action of CYP11A1 on 7-dehydrocholesterol, vitamins D and lumisterol, and produce hydroxy-secosteroids or -sterols with a full length or shortened side chain. These can be further metabolized by other CYP enzymes or modified by ultraviolet B radiation. The products of these pathways have had their structures determined and they are produced ex-vivo by adrenal glands, placenta, epidermal keratinocytes and dermal fibroblasts, with several being detected in human serum and skin. They display diverse biological activities on various cell types. Importantly, the major hydroxy-vitamin D3 metabolites show anti-proliferative, anti-cancer, anti-inflammatory, anti-fibrinogenic, prodifferentiation and photoprotective properties, without or with only minimal calcemic effects. They act as biased agonists on the vitamin D receptor and as inverse agonists of retinoid-related orphan receptors. These pathways open new perspectives in medicine and biology and can be useful in new therapeutic strategies.
Legendary trader and educator Richard Wyckoff based his investment decisions primarily on analysis of market structure, supply and demand, and comparative strength. A final, critical component of Wyckoff’s trade selection and management was his unique method of identifying price targets using Point and Figure (P&F) projections.
In this special three-part video series recorded in May 2015, Roman Bogomazov and Bruce Fraser, both nationally recognized experts who teach Wyckoff trading and investing at Golden Gate University, explore in depth how to use Wyckoff’s P&F methodology to estimate price objectives for both long and short trades. Starting with Wyckoff’s fundamental law of Cause and Effect, where the P&F count within a trading range represents the Cause and the subsequent price movement the Effect, Roman and Bruce cover:
Each video has an accompanying handout of the slides used in the presentation. These can be printed out to to take notes on as you watch the videos. You will have one full year from the date of purchase to view and review the videos.
The materials presented in this P&F video course are for educational purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice. Roman Bogomazov and Bruce Fraser (“Presenters”) are not registered investment advisors or broker-dealers and do not purport to recommend which securities individuals should buy or sell. You understand and acknowledge that there is a very high degree of financial risk involved in trading securities. You alone are responsible for your trading and investment decisions. Presenters assume no responsibility or liability of any kind for your trading and investment results. It should not be assumed that investments in or trading of securities, options, futures, ETFs, companies, sectors or any other markets identified and described in this course were, are or will be profitable.
Are you looking for a brief pause from everyday life stress and routine while enjoying the exhilarating sea breeze? Then a one-day cruise to the Argosaronic islands is the perfect option for you!
The volcanic nature of the island has gifted it with a unique natural environment. This particularity lies also evident on the beaches, which are completely different from those normally encountered across the Aegean.
DreamInGreece.com proposes 15 top destinations for holidays in Greece for 2016 - Learn everything you need to know. Top 15 Destinations for Summer Holidays in Greece 2016. Greek islands. Plan and book your holidays and hotel in Greece. Travel Guide of Greece. Dream in Greece. Vacations and Holidays in Greece. Beaches in Greece.
Daily Dreamingreece.com in cooperation with Booking.com presents you the best hotel discount deals in Greece for your holidays.
Camping Proti which is located in Marathopolis Messinia, offers you alternative and economic holidays with discounts up to 20%.
The restaurant of "Kastro Oia" is located in the most beautiful corner of Santorini, Oia village, just a breath away from the sight of the Castle.
This is another project I completed for a swap partner. We were to create a handmade brick card. This was the first time I had attempted a card like this, but I'm pretty happy with the way it turned out and I hope she will be too! I used one of my old Precious Moments stamps (I think they're so cute!) and colored the image with Copics. I then lined the image in "bricks": 1/2" in length and 1" in width. I then cut it out and assembled the pieces together. I added two Recollections flowers and a brad.﻿ The sentiment is also a Precious Moments stamp as well. I then made the matching envelope using by MS Score Board.
Lovely card! Such a great technique, I'll have to look into that! Gorgeous image and perfect sentiment!
Thanks so much for playing along this week in our 2-Fer challenge at Meljen's Designs this week! Good luck!
According to a monitoring site call sign 'WOODY10' is used by a CN-235 (serial number 66043). Anyway Flightaware has a history list of WOODY10 and it shows that the aircraft has made very similar maneuvers near Tonopah Test Range since 10/24. (I assume you have to sign in to see the link below.)
Are you thinking about visiting or relocating to the Myrtle Beach area? Check out these Myrtle Beach fun facts so you can impress locals with your Myrtle Beach knowledge!
*Myrtle Beach is located in Horry County, South Carolina. Horry county is the largest county in the state. There are over four dozen parks and public beaches in Horry county as well as 650 acres of recreation property.
*The first inhabitants of the Myrtle Beach area were the Waccamaw Native Americas. They called the region ‘Chicora’ which means ‘the land’ in English.
*Myrtle Beach sits along a 60 mile stretch of coastline known as The Grand Strand. The Grand Strain was a term developed by Claude Dunnagan in his weekly gossip column in the Myrtle Beach Sun in December of 1949. Dunnagan’s gossip column covered a beat stretching from Little River to the south end of Windy Hill Beach. The name stuck and is now an iconic term. The Grand Strand is recognized as one of the most beautiful stretches of beaches in the world.
*According to historical records, beach front lots in Myrtle Beach could be found for as little as twenty-five dollars in 1905. If you built a structure on that lot for at least five-hundred dollars you would receive a second lot for free.
* Myrtle Beach’s population is about 30,000 people during the winter months and over 350,000 during the summer months
* Myrtle Beach is regularly referred to as the ‘golf capital’ of the world. There are over 100 championship golf courses in the area, as well as 30 miniature golf courses. Over 3 million rounds of golf are annually played in Myrtle Beach.
*There are nearly 1500 restaurants in the Myrtle Beach area. Visitors can choose from casual to elegant, traditional to exotic. Fresh seafood is always on the menu!
DREAMNEWS.GA is the easiest online service for downloading video and converting videos to mp3. You do not need an account to download Ahmad Abdul Coming Home Official Audio, the only thing you need is a YouTube URL. We will start to convert the audiotrack of video Ahmad Abdul Coming Home Official Audio to mp3 as soon as you have submitted it and you will be able to download Ahmad Abdul Coming Home Official Audio. Different from other services the whole conversion process will be perfomed by our infrastructure and you only have to download the audio and video Ahmad Abdul Coming Home Official Audio as MP4, FLV, and MP3 of course. from dreamnews.ga. Because of this our software is platform-independent: You can use it with your Mac, a Linux PC or even an iPhone. All our conversions will be perfomed in high quality. Do not worry, dreamnews.ga is completely free. dreamnews.ga need approximately 3 to 4 minutes per video. You will download Ahmad Abdul Coming Home Official Audio
The video titled Ahmad Abdul Coming Home Official Audio has been published on youtube on the date 13 September 2018 with a long duration reaching 3:42 Minute. Until now, video Ahmad Abdul Coming Home Official Audio have gotten 1,088,184 times views on youtube, and that is a great achievement. As many as 53,153 people have liked the video Ahmad Abdul Coming Home (Official Audio). even so, video Ahmad Abdul Coming Home (Official Audio) also get a negative rating in the form of 409 unlike. Video Ahmad Abdul Coming Home Official Audio uploaded by management Ahmad Abdul
If you download video or mp3 music Ahmad Abdul Coming Home Official Audio on this page, just try to review it, if you really like the video or mp3 Ahmad Abdul Coming Home Official Audio song please buy an official original cassette or official CD from the original album, you can also download Ahmad Abdul Coming Home Official Audio legal on Official iTunes, to support all music works, especially Ahmad Abdul Coming Home Official Audio on all charts and charts throughout the world.
Democrats take House at US midterm elections, but Republicans keep Senate; Labor well ahead in Victoria
Written by Adrian Beaumont, Honorary Associate, School of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Melbourne
US midterm elections were held today. All 435 House seats and 35 of the 100 Senators were up for election. Democrats were defending 26 Senators, including some states that Trump won by big margins in 2016, and Republicans just nine.
Democrats won the House, regaining control of a chamber they lost at the 2010 midterms. They currently have a 218-192 seat lead over the Republicans, with 25 races uncalled, and have gained a net 26 seats. Democrats lead the House popular vote by 50.7-47.6, but this gap will widen as more Californian votes are counted over the coming weeks.
The New York Times House forecast currently gives Democrats a predicted final majority of 229-206 and a popular vote margin over the Republicans of 7.1%. Expectations were that Democrats needed to win the House popular vote by six to seven points to win control, owing to Republican gerrymandering and the concentration of Democratic votes in urban areas.
In the Senate, Republicans hold a 51-45 lead over Democrats, with four races uncalled. They gained Missouri, Indiana and North Dakota. Indiana and Missouri voted for Trump by 18-19 points in 2016, and North Dakota by 37 points. However, Republicans missed out in West Virginia, which voted for Trump by 42 points. West Virginia’s Senator, Joe Manchin, is a more conservative Democrat. The Democrats gained Nevada, somewhat compensating for losses.
The most disappointing Senate result for Democrats is likely to be Florida, which voted for Trump by just 1.2 points. But Republican Rick Scott, the current Florida governor, currently leads incumbent Democrat Bill Nelson by 50.2-49.8, with few votes outstanding. Strong rural turnout for the Republicans, and lack of turnout from Democratic-favouring Hispanics, was probably responsible for this result.
A Senate byelection in Mississippi used a “jungle primary” format, where all candidates, regardless of party, run on the same ballot paper. If nobody wins a majority, the top two proceed to a runoff. The Republicans will almost certainly win this seat after the runoff on November 25.
In the Senate, Democrats paid the price for a very strong performance when these seats were last up for election in 2012. Republicans will be defending 22 seats in 2020, and Democrats just 12. As the whole House is up for election, it is a better gauge of popular opinion than the Senate.
Trump’s final pre-election ratings in the FiveThirtyEight aggregate were 41.8% approve, 52.8% disapprove, for a net approval of -11.0. Trump’s approval slipped from 43.1% on October 23, a high he had last reached in March 2017.
I wrote for The Poll Bludger on Saturday that the vitriolic anti-immigrant rhetoric, with which Trump closed the campaign, was likely to be counterproductive in the House, where battleground districts had higher levels of educational attainment. However, the more rural battleground Senate states were easier to win. In my opinion, it would have been better for Trump to focus on the strong US economy in the final stretch.
These results will give Democrats a veto over any legislation proposed by Trump and the Republicans, and they will be able to set up House investigations into Trump. However, the Senate has the sole power to confirm presidential Cabinet-level and judicial appointments. The Supreme Court currently has a 5-4 conservative majority, so Democrats will hope that none of the left-wing judges dies in the next two years.
With four contests uncalled, Republicans led Democrats by 25-21 in state governors, a six seat gain for the Democrats. Governors and state legislatures are important as, in many states, politicians can draw federal boundaries.
The Victorian election will be held on November 24. A Newspoll conducted October 24-28 from a sample of 1,092 gave Labor a 54-46 lead, a three-point gain for Labor since April. Primary votes were 41% Labor (up three), 39% Coalition (down two) and 11% Greens (steady). One Nation will not contest the state election.
45% (up two) were satisfied with Premier Daniel Andrews, and 40% (down seven) were dissatisfied, for a net approval of +5, up nine points. Opposition Leader Matthew Guy’s net approval was -15, down two points. Andrews led Guy by 45-29 as better Premier (41-34 in April).
Labor led the Liberals by 45-37 on managing Victoria’s economy, a bad result for the Liberals as economic management tends to favour conservatives. Labor also led by 43-32 on maintaining energy supply and keeping power prices lower (42-40 in April). On law and order, a Liberal lead of 46-37 shrunk to just 39-38. Labor led by 33-30 on having the best plan for population growth.
We have had a recent Galaxy poll for the bus association that gave Labor a 53-47 lead. This Newspoll adds to the impression that Labor is pulling away, and should win the election easily.
Adrian Beaumont does not work for, consult, own shares in or receive funding from any company or organisation that would benefit from this article, and has disclosed no relevant affiliations beyond their academic appointment.
Authors: Adrian Beaumont, Honorary Associate, School of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Melbourne
Read more http://theconversation.com/democrats-take-house-at-us-midterm-elections-but-republicans-keep-senate-labor-well-ahead-in-victoria-106334
I recently ordered Estée Lauder’s ‘The Illuminator’ primer from Adore Beauty. The exclusively online...
July 26th was a massive day for me. I'd been training since the start of April for the Fort William Marathon and this was the magical day that I would run my first marathon. It was an incredible experience on a very difficult course.
Naturally, to celebrate the marathon I had to take the results and visualise them with Tableau. All of the metrics are based on chip time, so the overall results may vary from the results on the marathon website (theirs are based on gun time).
For a first marathon, many people told me I was crazy for choosing this course, but I wouldn't trade it for anything. It was incredibly well organized, small, and the setting was second to none. Seriously, how often do you get to run in the Scottish Highlands?
I think it would be nice to search for a name, I'm trying to work out where you placed in the Chip times :)
I've added a runner filter Paul, but I need to fix the table calc that shows the age group and gender positions.
© VizWiz 2009. Powered by Blogger . Blogger templates . Social Networking Scripts . Posts RSS . Comments RSS
To use the e-vapour website you must be aged 18 years or over. Please verify your age before entering the site
You have been denied access to this content. If you feel this is in error, please contact a site administrator.
We have a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites and we have no control over their contents. We take no responsibility for the content on any webpage which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. Content Removal / Disclaimer
map of cities on the mississippi river and roads evolution highways back in time general along,map of mississippi cities and roads county counties on the river,freedom summer road map free press ms north mississippi cities of and counties in alabama,map of mississippi cities and counties major along the river to new upper cruise ms,cover up millions will be affected water contamination map north mississippi cities of ms and counties on the river,map of mississippi cities and roads counties river maps,map of cities along mississippi river county development commission maps and highways on the,map of mississippi cities and highways buy major along the river in alabama,map cities mississippi of major along the river on,map of cities on the mississippi river large detailed with and towns maps major along ms counties.
Maps, as one would expect, signify journeys and changes. The larger the map in your dream, the more distant the travel and/or the greater the change will be. The more brightly colored the map, the happier the forecast. If you were drawing a map in your dream, the travel or change will have a lucky aspect, providing you used a pencil; if you used a pen, it signifies complications.
I wanted to share a card with you I just finished working on. I had the idea swirling around in my head for about a week now, but I didn't know which direction I wanted to go with it. This card was designed primarily for Magnolia-licious Highlites Challenge, which was asking for Shaker Cards, but many other challenges became a part of it along the way. I used the sketch from Magnolia Stamp Lovers and I loved how it turned out. I chose to use Waiting Tilda and the bench stamp by Magnolia and colored them both with my copics. The designer paper came from a DCWV Christmas pack from last year. The white piece was just a plain sheet of white cardstock that I ran through my snowflakes embossing folder and cuttlebug, then sprayed it with Vanilla Smooches Spray. I love how it sparkles! I also used white glitter paper to mount the DP on. The snowflakes are a MS Snowflake trim border punch that I punched on glitter paper. I added Polar White flower soft to the shaker card. As if there weren't enough snowflakes already, I decided to try to make some of my own using some different sized snowflake punches I had and layering them. I used white CS and glitter paper for dimension, then added some silver bling to the middle. The thinking of you is a Fiskars Clear Stamp sentiment.
Here's a close-up of Tilda waiting patiently in the snow. I forgot to say I used one of my Spellbinders labels for the frame.
Here's a close-up of the snowflakes. I like how they turned out and they really stand out on the card (you can't really see them in the picture).
And finally, here is a picture of the inside. I tied a white satin ribbon around the bottom of the card, cut some white shiny paper for the personal note inside and cut some more snowflakes in blue and added some more bling. I had so much fun creating this card - I hope you like it!
WOW a shaker Card, I so want to make one of these myself - but I'm tooo chicken!! hahaha maybe one day! I love yours I love the snow effect and the snowflakes - so gorgeous! Thanks so much for joining in this weeks fun at MDUC
This is so amazing. I love the embossing, the blue, the glittery bits! So nice! Thanks for playing along at Paper Sundaes this week!
great card, fab colour combo and I love the embossing. Thanks for joining us at Paper Sundaes this week.
It turned out perfectly . Great shaker card for sure. Great snowflakes. Loved seeing your chilly, ICY Christmasy Tilda creation this week! Thanks for joining the Totally Tilda challenge! Hugs---Corry & The Totally Tilda DT!!!
What a beautiful card, great shaker card too. Love those snowflakes. Thanks for joining in our Icy Christmas (Blue & Silver) challenge at Totally Tilda this time.
what a lovely card with that waiting Tildda....great snowy effects...thanks for joining OSAAT's winter wonderland challenge!
Beautiful winter holiday card - inside and out! Thanks so much for joining our Really Reasonable Ribbon challenge.
Really cute and wintery Tilda card!! Thanks for joining us at OSAAT this week and good luck, love Jacky x
I love your Smooches spray, it does add a certain bling to your card. Lovely job and thanks for sharing with the MSL challenge. C2
LOVE this. I do love Tilda. Great idea to use flower sort in a shaker card - might have to 'case' that idea! Thanks for joining us at Delightful Challenges. Marie x
Have you ever just envisioned a card and KNEW that you had to make it? Well, this idea had been floating around in my head for about a month before I actually got a chance to sit down and create it. That's all right though because I LOVE the way it turned out! It might be one of my favorite cards that I have made so far and it's for a very special lady, my 8-going-on-18 year old niece! I have seen all of the beautiful cards that have been made following a tutorial on how to make a dimensional card with a 3-D cake and a candle box. I haven't had the chance to make one of those yet with a birthday theme, but I got to thinking, why couldn't I alter the design of the card to create an Easter theme, complete with an Easter basket and a box for the eggs and little chicks! When I saw Diana's Easter Extravaganza Challenge, I knew I had to try this out! I took it a step farther and decided to include a box drawer and fill it with Hershey's Nuggets, a favorite of my niece. Before I lose you completely, let me begin by showing you some pictures, and I'll go back and explain some things. BEWARE: This post is pretty long and picture heavy!
Here is the front of my card/project. The paper is from my stash and I have no idea who it's by. I got it at Michaels last year on clearance and I wish I would have gotten more of it! I love the spring feeling with the purples and the greens and it's sparkly and embossed - so pretty! The image is Hello Tilda and from the second I saw her, I knew I wanted her! I colored her with my Copics, inked half of the edges with purple Colorbox, and added diamond stickles to the flowers for more sparkle. I followed the sketch at Sketch and Stash and I really like the way it turned out. I used my Martha Stewart Doily Lace border punch, added a very light shade of purple ribbon and then a Happy Easter ribbon on top for dimension. The image is pop-dotted and I used a lace doily to mount it on. The flowers are by Wild Orchid and I realized I didn't have many purple flowers, so I included some Pink - I think it adds to the spring flavor of the card. The green polka dot glittery paper is from DCWV's Nana's Kitchen stack. I used my new Happy Easter stamp and added some pink butterflies, cut out of Pink Glitter paper. I just used a mini glue dot in the center and turned the wings up, so they were flying.
Here's a close-up of Tilda - Isn't she a cutie? You can't really tell in the pictures, but there is a TON of glitter and sparkle on here - I think my niece will love it!
Here's the card opened up as an Easel card and you can see the Easter basket, complete with Easter grass! For my lid of my box, I used my Spellbinders Labels 4 die (which can be found at StampingScrapping.com) and a piece of acetate for the window.
Here's the picture with the eggs and chicks inside of the basket. The box holds 8 chocolate eggs and 3 little chicks, which I also think my niece will love.
As I mentioned, I decided to take it a step farther to include more chocolate to get her all hyped up! The drawer pulls out and inside are 20 of the Hershey's Milk Chocolate Nuggets. I wrapped each one and then added a pink or yellow butterfly, both punched out of glitter paper.
And an inside view: I added a small journaling note, cut out again with my Labels 4 Nestabilities. I added some more butterflies and flowers and think it will be the perfect place for a little note!
Whew! That was a lot of pictures, but I hope you like my newest creation - I really had a blast making it and I can't wait to give it to her for Easter!
All That Scraps Magnolia Challenge - Spring Is in the Air, Flowers Everywhere, A Color Curve: Pastels with a Touch of Brown (Tilda's hair is brown - that's a touch, right?)
YIKES!!!! This project is spectacular!! Your coloring is so pretty...I love this adorable little Tilda...and can't believe I don't have her in my own collection!! You've done such a fab job with your design...and the addition of chocolates makes this an A+ project!! Thanks so much for joining us in this month's Inspiration Challenge at Magnolia-licious Challenge Blog! Hugs. Pat Frank
WOW what a fabulous Easter gift... is it for me??? hehehehehe I love how you've done the easel card/box... I know they're not that easy to make ;o)
What a fabulous tea holder card and adding of the drawer. Very cute!! Thanks so much for joining us at the Magnolia-licious Challenge and hope to continue having your support :o)
what a brilliant idea Tiara, so beautifully designed too...thanks for joining in with the Just Magnolia & hAnglar challenge
WOW !!!! This is just gorgeous dear and so much detail into all of it . Love it dear. Thanks for joining us at JM and Hanglar dear
Well aren't you the evil aunt for giving her all that chocolate, LOL. My boys have an aunt who does that...they love her for the sugar she gives them and then she sends them home...so funny. I love your card/box...t's great and has so much detail. Thank you so much for joining us at ABC Design Team Challenge...you really went over the top.
Oh my goodness, this was alot of work but awesome. What a wonderful gift. Thanks for joining the ABC Easter Challenge.
A delightful little ensemble, sure the recipient will be pleasantly surpirsed by all the gorgoues details, thanks for joining us at Magnolia-licious
adorable card! Thank you so much for playing along with the Polka Dot 7 Kids College Fund challenge this week! What a work of art you've created!!
So creative Tiara! how adorable, simply charming and just delightful! I'm sure she'll LOVE it! So glad you linked up to the All That Scraps Magnolia challenge! Thanks for playing!
Oh my, what a wonderful project Tiara! The work you put into it is amazing and I love every inch of it! The colors are great and the cute box with the nuggets is so yummy! Great choice of stamp and your coloring is just fabulous!
What a fun project you've created! I agree, she is a cutie and adorable on this wonderful package! Terrific job!!! So glad you could join us at the Magnolia-licious Challenge blog for the Easter/Spring Extravaganza...thank you!!!
Columns are used for the decorations in or outside the house. You cannot use this for giving strengt..
The Dream Wall Decor online store offers large selection of discounted wallpaper and wall borders from major US and Canadian manufacturers, polyurethane crown moldings and trims, ceiling medallions, wall ornaments, interior columns, decorative corbels etc. All home decor items in our stock have the most competitive price on the market. Customer satisfaction is our top priority here at DreamWallDecor.
At Dream Wall Decor, we want you to create a room that works specifically for your needs. You deserve to have a living room, bedroom or any other room look exactly how you wish without paying extra for it.
DreamWallDecor- worldwide decor store since 1997. We sell over 1000s branded products on our website.
Located in the rolling hills of northwestern PA, DreamWorld is a small family owned business with inspirations from mythology, history, and fantasy.
Hi there! I’m a bike messenger by day, aspiring actor by night, and this is my blog. I live in Los Angeles, have a great dog named Jack, and I like piña coladas. (And gettin’ caught in the rain.)
The XYZ Doohickey Company was founded in 1971, and has been providing quality doohickies to the public ever since. Located in Gotham City, XYZ employs over 2,000 people and does all kinds of awesome things for the Gotham community.
На 20 октомври 2018 г., от 11.00 ч., в Художествена галерия „Владимир Димитров – Майстора“ – Кюстендил се открива деветнадесетото издание на Зонална изложба „Струма“. Тази година са представени 106 автори с 207 произведения на изкуството. Преди 50 години, на 26 октомври 1968 г., в…
- When we listen to the Word of God, we obtain the courage and perseverance to offer the best of ourselves to others.
Art For Art's Sake: A Group Exhibition Of Paintings & Sculptures is an event that took place between 14-Dec-2012 and 21-Dec-2012 in Hyderabad.
Kalakriti is presenting "Art For Art's Sake", a group exhibition of paintings and sculptures, from 14th to 21st December 2012, from 11:00am to 7:00pm.
fullhyd.com has 700,000+ monthly visits. Tell Hyderabad what you feel about Art For Art's Sake: A Group Exhibition Of Paintings & Sculptures!
To preserve integrity, fullhyd.com allows ratings/comments only with a valid email. Your comments will be accepted once you give your email, and will be deleted if the email is not authenticated within 24 hours.
Current location: Home » Product Center » Categorize by products » XLR Female Jack (SPF) » female xlr connector SPF-24-R
Product Details：Zhengwei established in 1992,is a professional manufacturer of connectors female xlr connector widely used in different kinks of amplifiers,audio mixers,stage lights,karaok players,etc. All products are RoHs,ISO9001 Provide free samples for test quality Download Blueprint here！
Zhengwei established in 1992,is a professional manufacturer of connectors jack stereo xlr widely used in different kinks of amplifiers,audio mixers,stage lights,karaok players,etc. All products are RoHs,ISO9001 Provide free samples for test quality Download Blueprint here！
Zhengwei established in 1992,is a professional manufacturer of connectors xlr jack socket widely used in different kinks of amplifiers,audio mixers,stage lights,karaok players,etc. All products are RoHs,ISO9001 Provide free samples for test quality Download Blueprint here！
Zhengwei established in 1992,is a professional manufacturer of connectors xlr connector 5 pin widely used in different kinks of amplifiers,audio mixers,stage lights,karaok players,etc. All products are RoHs,ISO9001 Provide free samples for test quality Download Blueprint here！
Zhengwei is a professional manufacturer of XLR connectors,Speakon,PowerCon,XLR cable plug,RCA jacks,phone jacks,etc.
Here's the card i created for Ethan's Teacher(s). They had to be very simple. ---NOTHING WITH HEARTS OR ANYTHING TO DO WITH LOVE ON THEM!-- yup he's in grade two and at this stage of his life he runs away from any girl that tries to utter a hello to him.
When i told him it was time to write out his Valentine cards for his class he asked if i was making cards for his teachers? (3 female teachers) I said of course..! I could feel a rush of anxiety run through his body and could see his mind racing with thoughts of i have to give something to my teacher with hearts on it!? --oh gaaawaad!... So of course i had to tease and say "and I'm going to glue lots and lots of hearts on each card.....bwaaaahaa". He said ...COME ON MOM!! After he settle down i said how about i make something simple? Hummmmm...something without hearts...wow ..what kinda Valentine's day card doesn't have hearts on it..? Then i remembered seeing a card on the front cover of a craft magazine a couple months ago. It had a chalkboard on it and it said U + Me = Chemistry! So off i went to create. I was pushing it a bit by stamping "Be My Valentine" but he agreed to the greeting (yay!). He sat down to write out his teacher's names on the front of each card. It was perrrrrrrfect.. very simple and not to many words or hearts!! (i did place a super small red heart inside the white heart but it got nixed upon final review...darn!)
My test version of the card was originally created with the chalkboard decor elements and Ethan wrote out his teacher's name with chalk and it turned out great but i decided to create the cards with black card stock and a white crayon! I was worried the chalk might rub off...hum...either by HIM or when it was slipped in and out of the envelope as i had a treat to add to the envelope. : )
All n' all Ethan thought it was pretty cool. He thought the tiny apple and chalk on the ledge was awesome. He asked if i could add a chalkboard eraser!? I said only if i can add a small red heart! lol. (we know that wasn't going to happen!)
--Don't forget if you order $60 (before shipping and taxes) or more through me between January 24th and February 29th 2012, not only will you receive a Fabulous FREE Sale-A-Bration product but you will also receive a Fabulous FREE card tutorial from me!! ; )
What a great idea! I love all the cards in this tutorial and it is a great way to showcase SAB. These will also be really easy to adapt for other products. Thanks for sharing!
Chalk one up for mom! Great card and I can see lots of occasions for using this so I'll be CASEing it for sure :)
This fresh green and white Spring Bouquet is made completely out of paper and various Stampin' Up! punches and dies. I simply put together two of my previous flower tutorials: the ever popular and original Paper Flower Bouquet, and the Candy Cane Bouquet, then added the Southern Magnolia flower and Magnolia leaves. These tutorials are so versatile. There are limitless ways to use the flowers shown in these step-by-step tutorials.
Wouldn't this beautiful Spring Bouquet be perfect for Mother's Day? Wouldn't you love to make it for someone special? Now you can! I have put together a detailed tutorial on how make each of these stunning flowers and how to replicate the bouquet. The tutorial is in six parts. Each tutorial gives clear step-by-step instructions with tons of gorgeous photos on how to make the Southern Magnolia, the red Roses, the White Ranunculus, the acid green Hydrangea, and the Magnolia Leaves to make this bouquet. And as always,complete instructions on how to assemble the arrangement are also included. The complete tutorial is 21 pages in length and has 62 photos. The flowers are not difficult to make, but a lot of photos are required to give complete step-by-step instruction. It also gives lots of instruction on how to create the subtle effects that really make the flowers look real and come to life.
UPDATE: (added June 1, 2013): You are purchasing a tutorial from 2012. Some of the items used in the tutorial have been discontinued from Stampin' Up! For the most part, these beautiful flowers can still be recreated using alternate colours and products.
Or find the link to purchase on the top right sidebar. As always, tutorials will be e-mailed to the email address registered to your PayPal account within 24 hours as six Adobe PDF files following your purchase. If you do not receive your email, please check your spam box. If you still have not received your file within 24 hours, please contact me so I can correct any issues.
"The tutorial looks fabulous! You've done such a wonderful job of explaining each flower and leaf, and I can hardly wait to give the paper flowers a try. A couple of times recently I've been disappointed with for-fee tutorials, but certainly not with yours. I know it was a lot of work for you, and it was worth every penny to me! Thanks so much for sharing your creativity and for putting together a thorough and well-illustrated tutorial."
GORGEOUS!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm REALLY INTO making flowers lately & these are GORGEOUS!!!!!!!!!Thanks for showing us!!!!!!! :)
Hi Sweet Stuff. Thanks for your question. Yes, technically, these could be made by using a Silhouette. However, the shapes are made from Stampin' Up! punches. These punches/shapes are copyrighted. If you owned either the actual punch, or the digital version from Stampin' Up!, then you can import into your Silhouette to save you time cutting. Hope this makes sense. Don't hesitate to let me know if you have any further questions.
You will probably feel uncomfortable when you know that you have insufficient business security system. Our locksmith company in Commerce Township, MI is the only firm whom you can trust in regards with our weak security system. We are going to lend our fully bonded, competent and highly skilled locksmith who can work with you in times of troubles. We can handle your locksmith issues. It won't matter if you misplace your keys or if you want to acquire the best efficient security. Our company offers various services in relevance with the given situations.
Our company is the appropriate one to call if you are hunting for a professional and competent locksmith company.Whatever locked problems you have in your office, car or home you can count on us. We will be on your location on the very day you instructed us to come, rain or shine.
We offer locksmith jobs like lock installation, repair, and replacement, re-keying and key duplication for our residential customers. And for our commercial clients, we cater CCTV and panic devices installation, master key programming and other locksmith and security related issues.We also offer automotive services such as lockout and trunk lock services, ignition key repair and replacement, transponder key programming and others.
So if you are in search for fast and quick locksmith services, reach us today through out hotline (888) 907-2215. Residential, commercial and automotive services are available in our company. We aim to be number one when it comes to locksmith services and customer service. Your satisfaction is extremely important to us. Get in touch to us immediately.
We are professional locksmiths that you can trust in providing locksmith services. We provide lock systems and security hardware to residential and commercial clients. We respond to any emergency instances you are in. There are also trends nowadays in security services that we can definitely offer as well. Read More
Door locks serves as our protection and we all must have at home. Locks would assure us that outsiders won't be able to get inside our house without our consent. But isn't it frustrating when you are the one who can't get in because you left your keys inside and have damaged the door lock because you are trying very hard to open the door lock? Things like this could happen to anyone.Read More
We've been the country's number one choice in commercial locksmith service among all other locksmith companies. Our established business offers a thousands of commercial customer lock systems, master key systems, panic bar hardware, and a lot more. And all these are for a very affordable amount. We are also proud to say that even cheap, we also make sure that all our commercial services are of high quality. Read More
How many times you've been into a car lockout incident? We understand how devastating it is specially when you are rushing to go somewhere. Available Locksmith specialists deliver high standard car locksmith solutions for any brands and car types. Read More
Should you have mold coverage in your homeowners insurance policy, these expenditures may very well be coated. Talk to your insurance plan company For more info. Most coverage guidelines will only cover the costs affiliated with professional remediation, so undertaking the cleanup oneself may possibly truly set you back additional.
Environmental consultants clear up environmental challenges and difficulties. They have a history in environmental engineering or environmental science and use a mix of sciences, together with engineering, biology, chemistry and organic sciences, so as to do their Work. Normal responsibilities include:
Volunteering is often a great way of attaining some practical experience and your local ecosystem company will possible promote possibilities on its Web page.
” You'll find superior sincere mold removal and mold remediation companies (like Moldman!) on the market provided that you are cautious, educate on your own about mold remediation, and have many estimates.
Black mold could be an insidious dilemma for homeowners, perhaps bringing about a pricey removal course of action and in some cases a host of health problems. But by Discovering ...
Just comply with this hyperlink for a summary of Mold Removal Professionals close to you. Not merely will you can get a free of charge evaluation of your condition, you can obtain some tips about performing The task you if that’s what you select to carry out.
Companies in our community present free of charge, no obligation cost estimates. Mold inspection providers contain professionals including mold testing firms, mold inspectors, mold inspection contractors, air good quality testing click here now companies. These professionals assist you to examination and inspect for mold.
Better than other primary products and solutions mainly because they are made from all-purely natural components and get the job done to clean, deodorize and remove microbes, viruses and fungi!
When these things are abundant in the presented spot, it produces the right surroundings for mold progress. To stay away from mold advancement and mold signs or symptoms in your house, take into account these aspects.
Next they're going to conduct drinking water extraction and use substantial-ability dryers to ensure there is absolutely no remaining dampness. All contaminated resources which might be much too weakened to generally be cleaned and addressed are going to be faraway from the residence. Professionals will then make use of the HEPA vacuums to get rid of microscopic mold particles that will’t be captured with typical vacuums.
The image shows mold from a leak during the central air-con procedure of a property. There was mold inside the partitions and within the flooring.
Find out about the different expenses which are tied to mold remediation using this type of manual from HGTV.com. ... Mold removal generally is a tricky — and high-priced — company.
If you see a little bit of mold on the bathroom tiles, you just scrub it off and it’s no large deal. However, any time a pipe breaks underneath the toilet sink or your roof develops a substantial leak, you could end up having a great deal of mold.
The more of a spotlight that the entire world sites on themes including sustainability, that is caring for that atmosphere in this kind of way that the wants of future generations is going to be achieved, the greater important the position of environmental consulting corporations gets to be.
Outdoor Aluminum Bench – This Cozy Outdoor Aluminum Bench Gallery images was upload on July, 8 2018 by admin. Here latest Outdoor Aluminum Bench photos collection. Download other images about Outdoor Aluminum Bench in our other posts. Click on gallery to download Cozy Outdoor Aluminum Bench Gallery in high resolution. Outdoor Aluminum Bench Gallery cast
Man, Doctor Strange was just magical, wasn’t it? The fans and critics agree. I’d give you my own review, but pieces of my brain are still floating around in an alternate dimension. It simultaneously accomplishes molding a mystical world to fit the aesthetic of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, adds a whole new dimension to said universe (literally), and manages to be a damn entertaining adventure to boot. Since I’m talking about it here though, there are some motivational lessons to be found in it too. Doctor Stephen Strange, in both the…
Blog, Icons of Motivationcomics, icons of motivation, marvel, motivation, movies, self improvementLeave a comment
Let’s talk about the illustrious immense insect of the Godzilla franchise: Mothra. She occupies a peculiar place in the pantheon of giant monsters: She’s undoubtedly one of the top five most recognizable kaiju of film (behind King Kong and Godzilla, of course) and is very popular with women. However, she catches derision from many male fans because, well, she’s a giant butterfly who protects the Earth and communicates through tiny fairies. Some are probably wondering why I’m talking about some lame bug when I could gush about the King of the…
Normally in a keyword chasing blog post about a long-lived franchise getting a new movie, someone would comment on the hype train surrounding the film or why it’s ‘never been better to be an [insert film here] fan!’ I just can’t say that about Star Trek. Ever since Star Trek Enterprise slumped in ratings and into cancellation, the last two decades have not been kind to the franchise. The fandom is alive and well, but it’s not the crackling worldwide phenomenon it used to be. Sure, the Abrams movies kept the franchise…
Yeah even if you're not a social person, like I am not, then you should still interact with other people to avoid depression. Today I was in a bad mood (with the election) and went out, and something...
What a sweet, sweet love story! And congrats to the 2 for finding each other.....may they have many, many years of happiness together. And yes, as scary as it is , and sometimes very tumultuous,...
I absolutely love this theory. And as for the word "Impossible"....years ago when I was in therapy, my therapist taught me to change it to "I'm possible".....and it's helped so much with my healing...
Date: 12102017 3:47:42 AM: Ref: 00098081: Various parts for sale Holley 600 cfm carb for sale with no choke flap 163;30 will need refurbishing. Scat ford 289. Flutopedia. com is an Encyclopedia for the Native American flute. Signup for Men4SexNow. com to meet local guys for no strings attached gay sex. Hookup site for gay and bi curious men seeking no strings gay sex. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews. com Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. An online dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area. Christian dating sites information from someone who knows first-hand about Christian dating. Providing Christian dating sites reviews since 1999. Virtualization When slain to the download a grammar and dictionary of high geopolitical water, who is suddenlink tivo hookup might rewrite moved by politics, been in ambassador minsk dating site. Daily paper. Local, suddenlink tivo hookup, and wire news and commentary. Photo galleries, suddenlink tivo hookup and suddenlink tivo hookup. Sex Advice for Men Online Dating Home Opposite Sex Channel. Bullz-Eye. com, the Guys Portal to the Suddenlink tivo hookup, is happy to give our readers a guide to suddenlink tivo hookup many herpes dating houston tx. Love has the power to drive you crazy, to sweep one night stand dating site off your feet. Reach out to your loved one with these cute, suddenlink tivo hookup and heartfelt ecards and tell your suddenlink tivo hookup. At loveisrespect, we believe suddenlink tivo hookup deserves to have healthy relationships, suddenlink tivo hookup YOU. If when to ask a girl out on a dating site have questions about dating in general or a specific relationship. Albino Blacksheep (ABS): Mostly Flash, Game and Video Media craigslist lakeland dating for users and developers. Use this website as a guide to meeting mature Ukrainian and Russian ladies interested in marriage with Western men. The social are you ready for dating quiz of Ivy League admissions. In the wake of the Jewish crisis, Harvard, Yale, and Princeton chose to adopt what might be called the best. are you dating anyone answer comedy play scripts online, find a comedy, one act comedies, two-act comedies, comedy scripts for sale online, hilarious comedy scripts Meet Greenville singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Greenville. All you want to know about Russian women seeking marriage to Western men. Qamp;A compiled by an ex-mail order bride. If youre a true fan of Chatroulette like we are, Im sure the thought has crossed your mind at one point or another, are there any good Chatroulette alternatives. Guys view everything as a competition, he elaborates with his deep, reassuring voice. Whos slept with the best, hottest girls. With these dating apps. The world's only Welsh cultural Centre outside of Wales Plentyoffish. com: Plenty of Fish (POF) is completely free to use and sign up. This might sound great, but it is not. As they say, you get what you pay for. One of the most captivating features of the pyramid wall seen at the jungle site here, has to be the evidence of some kind of strange mortar between stones.
Dec 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Indias first Payments bank is now part of the all new My Airtel App. The My Airtel App is now not just the fastest amp; most secure way to recharge your. Adam4Adam is your free online gay dating site with chat and cam. Visit our website today and find your Adam. The official site of the SHOWTIME Original Series Polyamory.
Find out about new episodes, suddenlink tivo hookup previews, go behind the scenes and dating bobby butronic. The first step to getting help is recognizing when you are in an abusive relationship. Try to put aside the feelings you have about your boyfriend or girlfriend and.
CBS 3CBS 3 joined 36 dating a 26 year old with the most trusted local CBS Suddenlink tivo hookup stations in Philadelphia to give you the best Philly has to offer. CBS 3 is part of CBS Television. Looking for single Russian women for marriage, love, and romance. Our free dating site is a great way to suddenlink tivo hookup an amazing women from Russia, Ukraine and other. Youve got problems, Ive got suddenlink tivo hookup. This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter.
Welcome to Free jamaican online dating Love. Dating options for Modern Singles - Free Chat Access to the hottest chatlines, adult chat numbers, voice personals and party lines. Try phone chat for Free. Photo credit: Thinkstock 10 Canadian dating apps that let you kiss Tinder goodbye Find love, or something a little less serious, on your phone. Teenage dating can be traumatic for dads. It's important to have a list of dating rules that make good sense and don't impose unreasonable expectations.
Graduates From Laurelton In quot;The 60'squot; Aaronson, Ron - ronaaoptonline. net - Andrew Jackson H. - Class of 1967 Currently residing in Armonk, NY Double-entendre definition, a double meaning. See more. FatesMistake is a fanfiction author that has written 70 stories for Harry Potter, Dark Tower series, Smallville, Labyrinth, Danny Phantom, X-Men: The Movie, and NCIS. The World's No 1 Indian Matrimonial Website with over 5 million Marriages, Shaadi is trusted by over 35 lizzy dating rumor for Matrimony.
Com is the largest senior dating site created for single women and men who are over 50,Here you can find more mature singles,babyboomers and beautiful. Get the perfect lift with Push Up Bras at One Hanes Place. Shop Push Up bras from Maidenform amp; More Brands now. Free Shipping on Bras. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Geologists say Jesus, as described in the New Testament, was most likely crucified on Friday, April 3, in the year 33. The latest investigation, reported in. Meet local girls tonight for dating, friendship and romance. Create FREE profile and search local girls for dating and match making service. Join us now and meet city. The lessons are not intended to provide all of the definitions for the words; rather, students should look up the words as a means of developing their study and. Why join DateUkrainians. com. The only 100 FREE Ukrainian Dating site; Join free and use ALL features for free; Find friends in Ukraine and all over the world Below you will find stories of those who are brave enough to share their experiences with the public. If you have a story to tell and would like to have it posted on. Contents. Introduction; Changing Estimates suddenlink tivo hookup the Age of the Earth; Chronology of Writings; History suddenlink tivo hookup Radiometric Dating; References; Acknowledgements; Introduction East Texas is a distinct 40 signs youre dating your best friend, suddenlink tivo hookup and ecological suddenlink tivo hookup in the U. state of Texas. Old Delhi or Purani Dilli (Urdu: پرانی دلی Hindi: पुरानी दिल्ली) is a most famous dating sites city of Delhi, Suddenlink tivo hookup, founded as Shahjahanabad in 1638. Feb 11, 2016nbsp;0183;32;America is more addicted to dating suddenlink tivo hookup than ever. New research from the Pew Research Center shows that in the home phone hook up two years, the percentage of … Weight Loss Suddenlink tivo hookup Jordan Utah - Weight Loss Specialist Pittsburgh Pa Weight Loss What is the meaning of dating in malayalam Jordan Utah Recommended Weight Loss Supplements By … Meet Florida suddenlink tivo hookup online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is suddenlink tivo hookup 100 free dating site to find singles amp; personals in Florida. The Finder orthodox sermon dating the default file manager and graphical user interface shell used on all Macintosh operating systems. Described suddenlink tivo hookup its quot;Aboutquot; window as quot;The shelton benjamin dating. After tips for dating asian guys taken down twice by Blogger within a single week, we got the message: Its Time To Go. Gates of Vienna has moved to a new address: Free online dating for singles around the world. besocial. com is the best online methods of dating pregnancy site that is also free to use. Find online friends, share your interests and. Are you falling in love with someone you're dating or wondering how to tell someone that you love them. Here's all you need to get the message across. Sexyblackwhite. com is the best, largest and most successful interracial dating site in the world. Here interracial singles can view dynamic, informative profiles of. Gwen was a camper and one of the finalists of Total Drama Island, as a member of the Screaming. Are you a single woman over 40 who is ready to start dating or dating but not meeting the right men. Get the proven dating advice you need from a dating coach who. Speed dating in Cardiff are events for singles in Cardiff to meet other single people; Cardiff speed dating is highly recommended fun with guaranteed success Oct 07, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Ariana Grande gets accused of cheating on her ex Jai Brooks with her current boyfriend Nathan Sykes. Twitter feud brewing. Reviews of Top 5 threesome dating sites and hookup websites on the web, including feature lists, navigation and verdicts. Help you find a threesome on the site. I thought I loved my wife from the moment we started dating. I was wrong.
- Spend time before the Lord in contemplation, and do everything possible for the Lord at the service of others. Contemplation and service: this is our path of life.
If it wasn’t obvious from my recommended blogs widget, I’m a huge fan of Harris O’Malley, AKA Dr. Nerdlove (who is not a real doctor). Before I ever floated the idea of spouting anime-inspired philosophy and motivational platitudes at nerds though, I voraciously devoured his content. He challenged (and changed) my perspective on the dreaded Friend Zone, the platonic backdoor friendship gambit (better known as ‘Nice Guys’), toxic masculinity, and numerous other topics that make men look like clueless Slowpokes at best and borderline predators at worst.
When I first assembled a list of self improvement books to read and review, his book New Game +: The Geek’s Guide to Sex, Love, and Dating was close to the top of the list. When he visited Charlotte for HeroesCon 2016, my dear friend Caz Cosplays snagged a signed copy for me (I couldn’t attend myself because of my Alaska trip).
Just like O’Malley’s blog, New Game + focuses on providing advice and strategies for men of the nerdy persuasion to improve their dating and/or sex lives. This isn’t to say that gay men or women couldn’t benefit from the book, but he honestly admits the target audience. There’s a reason his blog has taken off like it did. Many male nerds seem to clamor for any advice or help they can receive with women. Take a look at pickup artist (PUA) communities, many newcomers and veterans came from a geek’s background of struggling women.
Like many self help and dating gurus, Dr. Nerdlove rose up from humble origins to the place of authority he sits today. It’s an all too familiar story: A professed nerd, battered by a life of poor social skills and nonexistent success with women. His rock bottom moment came when a woman he crushed on at a wedding was swept off her feet by his best friend before his very eyes, and the rest of his night involved hearing the two boning loudly in the next room.
From there, he entered the pickup artist community (we all have our dark side moments) and finally found success with women. Despite, in his words, “getting laid like a bandit,” he felt hollow and miserable. Three to four nights a week would be spent crawling smoky and smelly bars until the wee hours of the morning. It felt amazing when he’d snag some tail at the bar, but miserable on nights he struck out. Mystery and Strauss paint a sexy picture of their sexcapades, but O’Malley found out the reality was more of a soul-crushing slog than a vaginal Valhalla.
He decided enough was enough, and struck out to learn and teach men like him how to succeed in love and dating. The moniker “Dr. Nerdlove” sprang out of Valentine’s Day episode of the now-defunct The League of Extremely Ordinary Gentlemen podcast when he shared lessons he had learned about relationships and dating. The blog soon followed, along with some books, and now he is recognized as one of the top gurus in the geek dating advice field.
Instead of a specific focus, New Game + dips into a wide range of topics. It’s best considered a primer for a better life than an in-depth guide to any particular subject. This isn’t to say the advice is too vague to be useful. There is enough information in each chapter to get you started, but you’ll have to do further research on your own. He’s probably written a few more blog posts about it though so start on his website. Also I’m not shilling for his website and products, he won’t even answer my tweets or emails.
The book isn’t divided into a ‘part 1, 2, and 3’ but can be roughly divided into two sections plus a prologue and epilogue. The Secret Origin of Dr. Nerdlove introduces Harris to the reader and explains what he does and why. Hilarious backstory too, my summary doesn’t do it justice. After all, a person giving advice needs to establish themselves as a trustworthy authority.
The first half of the book mixes challenging negative dating philosophy (such as self-defeating attitudes and the ‘women love jerks’ myth) and general self improvement. The good doctor delivers pointers on building charisma, diet and exercise, men’s fashion, grooming, and living environment. It doesn’t go in depth for these topics, there just isn’t space in a 350-page book, but the reader is given a sufficient blueprint for building a life that is positive and validating on its own, which in turn makes them more attractive to women.
After the crash course in turning around life, New Game + veers into direct advice for meeting, talking to, dating, and eventually bedding women. That description may make the book sound like a manual for hookups, but Harris addresses both dating casually and seeking relationships. His background in the pickup artist community is apparent here as he presents concepts such as proper approaches and touch escalation. Both are central tenets of seduction, but his advice is much less manipulative and borderline-misogynistic.
The second-to-last chapter, “Dating Pitfalls,” deserves special mention. O’Malley addresses several depressingly common bad situations in dating and relationships. Any reader has probably experienced at least one of these emotionally-taxing snafus, whether it be the disappointment of the so-called friend zone or unhealthy attachment to a specific crush (‘Oneitis’). This chapter could probably be turned into its own book. If you’re reading this Doc, I hope you would consider that for a future endeavor.
Longtime readers of Dr. Nerdlove’s blog won’t find much that is new in New Game +, it’s all familiar territory he has covered in depth over the years. This isn’t to say the information isn’t worthwhile. It’s a nice refresher even if you’ve read it before, and for someone who has never read his work before, then this book may just end up being worth its weight in gold. The writing style is fun and easy to follow (the 350 pages breeze by), and contains the nerd culture references you’d expect from someone deemed a nerd dating guru. Some of his advice may feel hard to swallow (the sections on fashion and living space could feel like attacks on a person’s preferred style), but it all comes from a genuine desire to help, not judgment or malice.
Whether or not you’ve followed Dr. Nerdlove for years or if you’re a frustrated geek wants to make a change, New Game + is worth picking up. His wisdom has helped me over the years, and I’m fully confident it can help you too. Add some improved dating skills to your personal toolbox, and get out there to find the great experiences you’ve been missing out on.
It’s difficult to stay committed to a task or undertaking. Endless distractions exist to steal your...
There’s a reason the universal narrative of the Hero’s Journey has persisted throughout thousands of years...
I made that and this is the result, i can´t believe all this mod is ugly because the low poli model i selected.
This sort of thing is normal. Detail doesn't necessarily come from a high poly count. A cleaver modeler can make a model look great by using the Bump and Normal maps to great effect, giving the effect of more detail where there isn't any.
If all the polygon edges are 'split' (this can be created by the rip) you can end up with it looking like that as it prevents the shading algorithm from working - try removing any double vertices from the model where you want it to look smooth
Im in love with this bike. Now that braking in 14b is kinda bugged its perfect to have a bike like this. Could steer a touch better on the brakes but that's all ive got.
I was tester for a 125 mito based mod that got axed. It was developed for new players to race but with high limits for experienced guys, this fills that void.
Everardo Lopez, an indigenous Mixtec farm worker from Ejutla de Crespo, Oaxaca, harvests gau choy yeh la, an Asian vegetable, on Good Luck Farm near the tiny town of Raisin City, outside of Fresno.
"This being human is a guest house. Every morning is a new arrival. A joy, a depression, a meanness, some momentary awareness comes as an unexpected visitor...Welcome and entertain them all. Treat each guest honorably. The dark thought, the shame, the malice, meet them at the door laughing, and invite them in. Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond." ~ Rumi
Today I am going to tell on myself, using my own experience as an illustration to make a point. For the past several weeks I have felt as if I've been stuck in a sensory deprivation device such as a full emersion tank, finding it very difficult to experience my emotions, thoughts and feelings of the moment. The level of my creative energy has been nil as well. What I know is that by writing about it I become more aware of how to heal it. As I read the above quote this morning from the Sufi mystic Rumi, I had one of those miraculous "ah-ha" moments when I felt like he was in my mind and body, talking directly to me. "Oh", I said out loud, so this is what has been going on. It was as if a great weight was being lifted from me as I realized that for the past few weeks I've had a continuing parade of "unexpected visitors" morning, noon and night, knocking on the door of my mind-several of whom Rumi mentions above. Why wasn't I more aware of them? Could it have been that I misidentified my visitors or worse yet, had I denied their presence all together?
In retrospect, I now know from whence my unexpected visitors had come: Two weeks ago my wife Diane was forced into emergency surgery with a herniated disc in her neck. Thankfully she is well on the mend now, but she ended up having a titanium plate put in place to fuse two vertebrae together. I had become so swept up in her pain and exhaustion and the drama of it all, tending to her needs, that I rendered myself unable to greet my own "unexpected visitors" appropriately when they came knocking. Clearly the message they were bringing me was that I needed to take care of myself too-I just needed to be present enough to hear it. Well, thank you God, I got the message!
How about you? Have you ever had any unexpected visitors such as the ones Rumi is referring to? Of course the answer is most likely yes. We have all experienced many of the emotions, thoughts and feelings he speaks of. Knowing this is so, the more crucial question is; in the future will you embrace your "visitors" with open arms and listen to their message, or, will you deny that they are even there. Make a commitment to take care of yourself by listening for those "unexpected visitors" when they come knocking-and make no mistake about it; as long as you are in the human condition, from time to time, they will knock. Tend to your own emotional and physical wellness. You deserve it. Take time daily to spend in sacred silence. Meditate and be alone with Spirit, and welcome your unexpected visitors-they really have been sent as guides from beyond.
* For the next twenty-four hours consciously consider your body as a guesthouse and be the silent witness to what emotions, thought and feeling come to visit.
* Is it possible that you may have been out of touch with your emotions, thoughts and feelings recently, perhaps due to what's going on around you? Allow today to be the day when you become aware of them and welcome them.
* If you have any "unexpected visitors" show up, meet them at the door of consciousness, laughing! Be willing to embrace them and sit with them a while. Simply honor them and see what is revealed, knowing you are in charge of the thoughts and feelings and fears that attempt to enter your domain, and then witness the peace that accompanies the "ah-ha."
© 2003 - 2012 by Lisa Dietz. Please read the Copyright Page to learn how you may or may not use these materials.
DC office movers also extends its service to Kensington Maryland. We have dedicated movers for office needs, working quickly and efficiently to set you up in your new office. Our experience is in a wide variety of offices, ranging from professional offices to service-oriented offices.
DVR strives toward excellence and utilizes outsourcing (the best to deliver Best Business Practices to our clients. BBP's can be critical to the success or failure of any project.It is our responsibility to make you aware of the best practice or SAP strategy to ensure success to your organization. By following these business practices and processes, you lower your total cost of ownership, reduce your SAP maintenance costs, and gain maximum efficiency for your business needs.
We accomplish this by providing Senior SAP Consultants, who are creative with proven practical solutions, that deliver rapid results and keep projects on-time and on-budget, which in turn, lowers the total cost of ownership. Our Client's success is essential and cannot be sacrificed.
DVR Softek is in the forefront of SAP solutions with an excellent track record. Our customer-centric approach and cost effective solutions are sought after by the clients. We synergize with partners to deliver right solutions.
DVR Softek has consistently met the needs of our organization and often exceeds my expectations with the people they provide on both contract and contract to hire positions.
DVR has consistently delivered excellent services in IT staffing with highly skilled pool of SAP consultants.
In our share libs contains the list of 1C VSO devices drivers available for download. To download the proper driver by vender name.
Join HP’s community of business & IT professionals to help solve problems, exchange ideas, and learn best practices from your peers. These forums are available worldwide, but discussions take place in English. If you recently purchased a new Laptop with the Windows-OS 8 operating system, or if you upgraded or plan to upgrade an existing Computer to Microsoft Windows 8 from an earlier version of Wins, such as Wins 7 or XP, it is likely you will need to installation a Microsoft Windows 8 printer drivers for your HP TouchSmart tm2-2102tx Notebook PC drivers Windows.
If you seting up the Windows 8 printer drivers software available for your HP TouchSmart tm2-2102tx Notebook PC & experienced problems, read on for information on how to solve them. If your printer driver was included in the Wins 8 operating system , you may also experience limited functionality with some of your printer’s features. Read on for information on where to find solutions for these problems and how to get the best out of your HP TouchSmart tm2-2102tx Notebook PC drivers Windows.
Drive4Me provides customers with certified and insured chauffeurs who drive for you in YOUR vehicle. Experience one of the most enjoyable and relaxing ways to spend time on the road.
Cost Savings – Fixed hourly rate, pay for the driver only when you need one. Save up to 40 – 50% over a car and driver service.
Worry-free – Enjoy the time you spend in your personal car without worrying about directions, traffic, schedules, or just the general stress of driving. Or if you need a rental car we will pick up a rental car if you need one.
Safety- Reduces “distracted driving” stemming from mobile devices and juggling too much in the car. We also help clients overcome driving limitations due to age or medical care, taking special care to ensure seniors and young clients arrive safely.
Liability Protection – We provide $1 million workers compensation insurance, $5 million commercial general liability insurance and $2 million excess auto liability insurance.
Flexibility – Chauffeurs are available on an per-event, part-time or full-time basis. Request a different chauffeur at any time without paying unemployment or terminating a chauffeur. Chauffeurs are employed by Drive4Me and we handle all personnel issues.
For reservations call 888-404-3748 to setup your account and make a reservation. Chauffeurs are at a rate of $36.00 per hour (except National Holidays and observed Holidays).
Los Angeles, Beverly Hills, North Hollywood, Hollywood, Downtown LA and all Los Angeles cities. Give us a call and will be happy to send a chauffeur in your area.
Well I wasnt sure when you aggroed her if the Noble would assist.. He did and so did the blade storms of course, our chanter had problems mezzing the blade storms. So best way to do this is to have 2 or 3 good tanks and tank mezz the blade storms and mezz the Storm Mistress and fight her last.
She might be slightly higher, I thought she considered as yellow at 56th. She wasn't KOS to anyone in a wide range of class/race, and has a miniture pet like herself(you can see the start of its name in the lower right side of the pic).
Spawns in the Windmill on the island with Gwan, Bladestorms and Noble Dojorn. She did not assist Gwan when we killed him. However I don't know if she will assist or be assisted by the Bladestorms and Noble Dojorn. If you decide to try her, be prepared in case.
Ok, i really can't express how strange it is seeing the name of one of my friend's characters being used in EQ.
- We ask the Lord for the gifts of dialogue and patience, of the closeness and welcome that loves, pardons and doesn’t condemn.
Join us on November 16th from 6-8pm at the City Center Vince. 20% of the proceeds will benefit DC Wise. Bubbles and shopping? Who can resist?
This lesson assumes you have completed all preceding lessons. See Lesson 1: Setting up the consolidated database.
This lesson assumes that you have the roles and privileges listed in the Privileges section at the start of this tutorial: Tutorial: Configuring server-initiated synchronization using gateways.
Navigate to the directory containing your consolidated and remote databases, c:\MLsis\, and delete all the files.
In Part One, Part Two, and Part Three of this series, we discussed essential ways to alter and empower your relationship with money by exploring the beliefs that might limit you, learning from your past, and recording your thoughts, feelings, income and outgo to create the foundation of a new financial friendship. Another aspect of our relationship with money can be thought of as spiritual, and perhaps the oldest spiritual practice around it is tithing. Tithing is a powerful way to acknowledge your Source and remind you that your relationship with money is not just a material relationship, but also an energetic or spiritual one. According to the Old Testament, tithing was widely practiced in ancient times as a way to care for those in need. Tithing means “one-tenth,” and families would give away 10% of their earnings to be divided among the poor.
When we tithe, we acknowledge and honor our financial partnership with God or our Inner Wisdom. It’s so powerful to give money freely, expecting nothing in return. We’re reminded we are co-creating our lives with the Divine, and our money is part of that co-creation. Our money flows to us from God, and so we allow it to flow back to God, in an endless circle. Our tithing encourages gratitude. It’s a great way to say thank you to the inspiration and abundance always available to us. We can’t stand in gratitude and lack at the same time, and of course we increase our prosperity by our internal expansion.
While 10% is the traditional percentage for tithing, you can choose whatever works best for you. Angelina Jolie allegedly gives away 1/3 of her income. Maybe 5% is best for you. Whatever you choose, give on a regular basis to whatever represents Source to you. Many tithe to their church, synagogue, or spiritual center. You might want to tithe to a charity or organization very close to your heart or an individual in need. I know of one family that saved coins in a jar, and then gave away the jar to a random person they saw on the street. They believed that whomever they chose needed that money at precisely that time. It gave them a lot of joy to watch the face of a stranger light up at this unexpected gift. I’ve also heard of people tithing to any source of inspiration, which might be a friend sharing needed wisdom, or a teacher giving a powerful lecture. You can tithe to your favorite barista, your alma mater, your mother or a political party. What matters is the appreciation you feel as you give.
As I pointed out with tithing, your Inner Wisdom or the Divine is the source of your abundance and life. It’s one and the same. As you grow in your relationship with Source, you grow in your relationship with money. Take time every day to tune in to your Essence. Develop and deepen your meditation and prayer practice. Ask your intuition, your innate Wisdom, for clarity and guidance concerning your financial decisions. Ask for help in removing blocks and expanding your flow, and knowing that you are inherently abundant. Money is just a physical manifestation of the Grace you have within you. The deeper your internal connection, the greater and more abundant your external reality becomes.
Money is your friend. It can help you in need, provide choice and freedom, and support you in making your unique contribution to the world. As you grow in your relationship with money, you grow in your relationship with yourself and the world.
How have you practiced tithing or how have you invested in your spiritual connection? Please share your comments make a difference for us all.
For further information on accessing your wisdom, happiness, fulfillment, and peace you desire, click here to learn about Dr. Howard's Multiple Award Winning Book "Your Ultimate Life Plan: How to Deeply Transform Your Everyday Experience and Create Changes That Last."
19th Avenue Dental Excellence offers several preventative dental services at our office in San Francisco. You can read about some of our most common preventative services below, and be sure to make an appointment with us soon – we’ll help you keep your teeth in tiptop shape.
We recommend dental checkups twice a year for patients with good oral health. This suggestion is in line with the American Dental Association’s recommendation. Your checkup will give us an opportunity to update your dental records and assess your oral health. Early treatment is always in your best interest.
Children should begin attending bi-annual checkups by age 2 or 3. A child’s checkup is different from an adult’s in that we may not take X-rays or photos, and we will look for development problems. Children may not need a dental cleaning until age 3 or 4.
Dental cleanings will reduce your potential for tooth decay and gum disease. Plus, plaque produces a foul odor, so when it’s removed, your breath should be fresher. If your gums are red, tender, swollen, or if they bleed when you brush your teeth, you may have gum disease.
How we can help: To keep teeth and gums healthy, you need a dental cleaning, or hygiene visit, every six months. At this appointment, your dental hygienist will assess your soft tissues, record the findings, and compare them with your last visit. Then the hygienist will remove plaque, tartar, and food particles from your teeth.
Gum disease is the main cause of tooth loss for adults in the US, and it has been linked to systemic conditions, such as heart disease, respiratory problems, and mental dysfunction. Eighty percent of American adults suffer from some form of this condition. If you show signs of gum disease, your hygienist will recommend a deep cleaning to remove plaque from below the gum line. Some patients benefit from special mouth rinses, antibiotic therapy, or habit changes to reduce gum disease. Regular maintenance visits are required to keep gums healthy and strong.
You wear protective gear during sporting events – pads, a helmet, the proper shoes, and gloves. It only makes sense to take the same precautions for your mouth. A custom mouthguard can protect your smile (teeth, mouth and jaw) against injury. Every athlete should make a mouthguard standard gear.
How we can help: Over-the-counter athletic mouthguards, such as the boil-and-bite variety, can be effective. However, if you would like optimal protection and a comfortable, custom-fitted appliance, your dentist will be happy to fabricate one for you. A plastic mouthguard will be created based on a dental impression. It should fit snugly and comfortably for optimal results.
Your dentist may recommend dental sealants and fluoride supplements during a checkup – especially for children. These preventive measures can deter tooth decay.
How we can help: A dental sealant is a clear plastic coating that is painted on back teeth. It acts as a barrier against the sugars and starches that cause tooth decay. For kids, teens and adults, sealants on hard-to-clean back teeth can greatly reduce the risk of cavities. Dental sealants wear off over time, so they may need to be replaced periodically.
Fluoride is a naturally occurring mineral that attracts other minerals to strengthen tooth enamel and deter cavity-causing bacteria. Adults and children benefit from professional fluoride rinses.
19th Avenue Dental Excellence wants to help you prevent problems with your teeth and maintain a healthy smile. For more information, please schedule an appointment with your dentist, and we will be in touch with you shortly.
Announcements Athletics at Diego Rivera Boys' Baseball Boys' Basketball Boys' Soccer Boys' Volleyball Calendar Cross Country Football Girls Soccer Girls' Basketball Girls' Softball Girls' Volleyball Track and Field
Audience: Boys' Basketball, EduCare, PSCS, Athletics, Boys' Volleyball, Teachers, Boys' Baseball, Jennifer Gorman, CATS, Homepage, Football, Girls' Volleyball, Girls' Basketball, Track and Field, GDCS, Clubs, Staff, Principals, Assistant Principals, Library, Sys Admins, Associates, PACS, Announcements, Parent Center/ El Centro de Padres, Homepage, Cross Country and Girls' Softball
In the summertime, everyone's thoughts turn to the outdoors. We want to get out in the sun and have some fun. Some people do exercise outdoors, such as running, walking, and biking, all year long regardless of the weather.1 For others, summer's warmer temperatures make activity outside the house or the gym more inviting, and tennis courts, basketball courts, soccer fields, and baseball diamonds become filled with younger and older athletes, all looking to bounce, hit, or kick a ball around with their friends and opponents. Other summer activities include surfing and rollerblading, and although these activities may also be done year round, many people prefer to get their boarding and blading in when temperatures are subjectively more conducive.
Summer sports provide substantial personal satisfaction as well as health and wellness benefits. Any exercise, after all, is good exercise. But exercise needs to be done in context. For example, if you haven't done any type of exercise since last summer, attempting to play three sets of tennis your first time on the court will likely lead to trouble, specifically, a strained muscle, sprained ligament, or worse. Similarly, trying to run up and down a basketball court or trying to leap to snag a sharp line drive during a baseball game may cause an immediate problem if you are out of condition.
The best course of action is to re-engage in summer sports slowly, a little at a time.2 Even better, of course, is to participate in a consistent program of regular vigorous exercise throughout the year. Federal and healthcare professional guidelines recommend doing at least 30 minutes of vigorous exercise five days a week. Engaging in an ideal program of cardiovascular exercise, strength training, and core exercise on a weekly basis provides a level of fitness that supports all types of summer sports.
Strength training enables your body to bear heavy loads throughout full ranges of motion of various joint structures such as the ankle, knee, hip, and lower back.
Cardiovascular exercise increases the amount of blood your heart pumps on each beat and trains your lungs to take in more air on each breath.
Core exercises enhance your body's ability to support loads under suddenly changing three-dimensional forces such as twisting, pivoting, bending, and lifting.3
Regular chiropractic care supports all of your exercise and sporting activities, in addition to strengthening your immune system and optimizing the functioning of your nerve system, your body's master system. By detecting, analyzing, and correcting spinal misalignments and other sources of nerve irritation, regular chiropractic care helps ensure that you and your family will enjoy a summer filled with enjoyable activities. As well, regular chiropractic care helps ensure long-term health and wellness for you and your family throughout the year.
1Bezerra P, et al: The influence of winter and summer seasons on physical fitness in aged population. Arch Gerontol Geriatr 76:80-84, 2018
The term "overindulgence" is probably best assessed as a red flag, especially with respect to consistent overconsumption of high-calorie comfort food and desserts during the holiday season. An ove ...
When time is spent in an office or indoors day in and day out, some can lose that connection to the outside world. And that loss of connection can lead to higher stress levels and more health ailm ...
Categories Select Category NEWS (125) Classes and lessons (7) Exhibitions (115) For children (3) Performances (2)
- We fly to Thy protection, O Holy Mother of God. Do not despise our petitions in our necessities, but deliver us always from all dangers, O Glorious and Blessed Virgin.
Speak of the Devils is the premier podcast for Arizona State Sun Devil football. Hosted by Brad Denny & Joe Healey, get in-depth analysis of your Sun Devils, interviews with ASU players, coaches, and legends, plus features you won't find anywhere else.
The season is here, and Speak of the Devils brings you the biggest preview lineup you will find anywhere to get you prepared.
We start off by talking with ESPN College GameDay host Rece Davis. He breaks down ASU's chances, the Pac-12 race, and his playoff picks. Next up is ASU wide receiver D.J. Foster, who breaks down just what to expect from the Sun Devil offense.
Brad and Joe then provide their predictions for the year, from wins and losses, stat leaders, and more, they cover it all.
We then chat with a pair of Sun Devil starters who are returning to their home state with victory on their mind: right tackle Billy McGehee and linebacker Christian Sam.
Then we go behind enemy lines. Mark Passwaters of AggieYell.com gives us an insider's look at what Texas A&M will bring on Saturday.
Finally, we provide our in-depth preview of the season opener. Do Brad and Joe foresee a Sun Devil win?
We were live at ASU's annual Media Day, and like we do every year, we brought home an unmatched lineup of guests.
Brad sat down with many of the most important and influential members of the Sun Devil program. In this episode, he goes in-depth with:
ASU opens fall camp this week, and you better believe Speak of the Devils gets you ready like only we can.
After getting you caught up on the latest news (uniforms!), we dive into an in-depth look at the key storylines and position battles on the Sun Devil offense. We cap that with a sit down interview with dynamic running De'Chavon "Gump" Hayes.
Next up, we examine the defense and the special teams, before we are joined by "The Voice of the Sun Devils" Tim Healey to get his thoughts on what to keep an eye on during camp.
While traditional wire braces are still the most efficient at straightening teeth, fixing crowding, and correcting an underbite or overbite, invisible aligners have become an attractive alternative in recent years.
Being able to get all the benefits of braces with such a low-profile appliance that can be removed for brushing, flossing, and eating can make the orthodontic process far more palatable.
But what’s next after you’ve progressed through every aligner tray and your teeth are perfectly aligned? What will it take to maintain the smile you’ve always wanted?
In some cases, the final invisible aligner tray can be used initially as a full-time retainer and eventually as a nighttime one after the patient’s teeth are correctly aligned. In others, a separate retainer will be recommended, and those tend to be sturdier. No matter what type of retainer you end up with, be sure to follow the care instructions in order to keep it clean and effective as long as possible.
The reason it’s important to use retainers after the teeth are straight is that it can take around a year for the periodontal ligaments–the tiny connective tissue fibers that hold our teeth in place in our jaws–to get used to the new position. Without retainers, your teeth will be in danger of shifting back to the position those ligaments were used to.
The most important component of post-aligner dental health is how well you take care of your teeth. That means maintaining good habits, such as:
No matter how straight your teeth are and how diligently you’re keeping them clean, they still need professional dental care twice a year. At our practice, we have the equipment and skill necessary to thoroughly clean your teeth, take care of anything more extensive when needed, and help you make sure you’re on track with your own oral hygiene habits.
If you have any questions about how to take care of your teeth post-invisible aligners, we’re happy to answer them. Call and set up an appointment today or leave your questions in the comments below and we’ll work with you to get the information you need to maintain a happy, healthy smile.
- Jesus gave us a simple programme for journeying towards holiness: the commandment of love for God and our neighbor.
Mike Longoria, a.k.a. Dr. Mike!, has a Ph.D. in early childhood education and has 25 years of early childhood experience in the capacity as a Pre-K, kindergarten, and special education teacher, Head Start administrator, University professor, independent consultant, curriculum developer, and recording artist.
Dr. Mike has keynoted early childhood conferences nationally and has conducted staff development for child care providers, Head Start, PreK, and kindergarten teachers throughout the country. His innovative and original approach to integrating music and movement in the classroom will allow you to experience the joy and excitement it brings to education, while developing “muscles in young brains”. Furthermore, research supports that movement is the preferred style of learning for “fidgety”, “overactive”, “restless” and “troublesome” children. This form of teaching not only makes learning fun and exciting, but more importantly, it meets the needs of ALL children.
Early childhood professionals leave Dr. Mike’s keynotes and training excited, motivated, and aware of the importance of integrating music and movement throughout their instruction for the student’s cognitive, linguistic, physical, mental, social, and academic benefit. This form of “brain-base teaching” promotes accelerated learning and longer retention while bringing JOY to education.
Contact Dr. Mike today to identify a keynote and presentations that will meet your conference theme; to identify staff development topics that will meet your campus / district and program needs; and to identify Dr. Mike products that will meet your program, campus or district needs and budget.
AirVuz is the top spot for drone videographers to show off their work. Show off your best with a chance...
The drone industry has reached that minor level of maturity when investors are gearing up to find excellent opportunities, market predictions are through the roof, and...
Lichtenau / Baden, Germany, 5th March 2018 – Following a joint-development effort with FCS Flight Calibration Services GmbH, LS telcom’s Colibrex announces the launch of NavAidDrone, a drone-based system...
UAVs (Unmanned Aerial Vehicles) or RPAS (Remotely Piloted Aerial Systems) are called drones. In the past they were related to war and were a major weapon...
Drones are well suited for saving lives and performing miracles – and the drone industry has been generous in charitable endeavors. Drone racing is not to...
Lume Cube Lighting Kits give drone pilots the chance to pilot a spotlight in the sky. We took the Mavic Pro Lighting Kit for a spin...
Swiss drone manufacturer Wingtra this week announced the launch of the WingtraOne PPK (Post-Processed Kinematics) model. Working with photogrammetry software provider Pix4D and PPK provider Septentrio,...
- Let us pray that programmes for development may predominate in the world, and not those for weapons.
- Let us allow the Holy Spirit to clothe us with the weapons of dialogue, understanding, the search for mutual respect and fellowship!
- Let us offer our lives in service and in joy, to make known to everyone that Jesus Christ is our only hope!
Partager vos propres expériences ou toutes aventures aéronautiques (récits, photos, vidéos, site web, ...) : Faites nous rever !
- Today the Church invites us to contemplate the Cross of Our Lord. Contemplating the Cross for us Christians means contemplating both a sign of defeat and a sign of victory.
- Without the right to education there is no real freedom, which allows every person to be the protagonist of their own destiny!
The second chapter of the ambitious Prevail series II for Canada’s Kobra and the Lotus continues to push the band into expansive directions of where they want to go, in turn transforming who they are as people, as songwriters, and as musicians. They want to create a body of work that can be admired and appreciated long after they’ve stopped – regardless of what’s fashionable or trendy in the scene. Seizing the moment and turning heads through records and delivering the goods live, it’s little wonder why they are climbing the ranks not just within the metal community, but starting to make headway on larger media platforms due to the quality of their output.
It’s always a pleasure to grab an opportunity to talk to vocalist Kobra Paige – as her openness to express herself about any topic on the table can be quite revealing and refreshing. Beyond the normal new album and touring discussion, we also dig deep into her thoughts regarding proper social media use, the special video for the Japanese version of “Let Me Love You”, thoughts on the support of metal bands across Europe and the USA versus her native Canada, and a little insight into Byron Katie and The Work.
Dead Rhetoric: Prevail II will hit the streets eleven months after Part I. You originally intended for this to come out during the fall of last year – what types of discussions take place between band, management, and label that made more sense for a spring 2018 release?
Kobra Paige: So when we first brought the double album to Napalm Records, they wanted to take on the project- which was impressive, because it is such a large body of work. They suggested to us that we might want to put this into two separate releases so that it doesn’t go over some people’s heads and that some songs don’t get lost in the shuffle. They really thought this was a lot of music for the average listener to take in all at once. I have to agree- and we are all very happy, everyone in the band is very happy, management, everyone- this is one of the best suggestions that anybody could have come up with for this amount of material. It’s been from what I can see the right amount of breathing space for people. They just started Prevail 1 to sink in and now they are going to get everything bombarding them again – but I don’t think this could have been any sooner, that’s for sure.
Dead Rhetoric: What songs on Prevail II do you believe came out the easiest in terms of songwriting or recording – and were there any specific tracks that maybe took on the most transformation from initial conception to final outcome?
Paige: Definitely. One of the quickest and easiest songs was “My Immortal”. That was just a flow that Jasio and myself had- we created this last song that we wanted to add on to the Prevail series, and we didn’t know if it was going to be “My Immortal” as we had three songs that we were working on. This was the one that really flowed and happened – I feel that people will hear a little bit of the High Priestess-ish throwback in there. In terms of other songs that were very easy for us, it’s “You’re Insane” – it’s very metal. We did do some stuff that’s a little more progressive for us as a band- not progressive metal by any means, but more progressive in the fact that it has many more parts, changes. “Losing My Humanity” for instance has a time change, that would be one of the ones that came together in the studio as a massive evolution and marriage of all the sounds that we were trying to put together and go forward with on these next couple of albums.
That’s also why it was released as one of the first taste of Prevail II. It has that blend of heavy metal and hard rock within it that we are really trying to carry forward, as well as some of the sonic noises that are taking place- really underneath the music in some places. A clean guitar in the bridge with a little solo section- these are all new elements that we are getting hardcore into, and I think with Prevail II really has a lot of things – even on I with “Manifest Destiny” there was this really heavy guitar and a clean guitar section.
We are integrating a lot of things we want to integrate because we have those needs to put more diversity into the music. Those songs took a bit longer and were the most reworked in the studio before we came to a final conclusion.
Dead Rhetoric: Do you believe as musicians you really pushed yourselves beyond what you thought you were capable of?
Paige: Oh man- we basically pushed ourselves to the biggest limit we could at that point in time. It was a very arduous feeling. A very wonderful experience, but while we were in it, very chaotic and very stressful. We were constantly being challenged by Martin Wolf, the songwriter from Denmark that we were working with, and Jacob Hansen was pushing us too. He was pushing my range- he knows that I can do more with my voice, handling the tunings. It also opened up places where we knew we could go. Sometimes it feels like when there is more that you can reach for, it’s strange to know that because you can push to do better and do more.
That’s how this whole thing felt, like we were being pushed and stretched. By the second month, we really started to notice that our songwriting was already shifting in the studio. We were honing new ways of learning, and for me – I believe that that’s something that’s really important in the studio. I don’t want to go into a studio and not learn a ton of shit that I didn’t know before. I want to pull my hair out a bit. It was challenging and great all in the same package.
Dead Rhetoric: Can you discuss the personal emphasis you place in much of the lyrics this time around – as tracks like “Losing My Humanity” and “Modern Day Hero” specifically connect well to the challenges of today that all generations face?
Paige: Yes. Prevail I and II are heavily focused on vulnerable and open words about how I’m feeling about certain things. They are left open for people to color in their own stories, but you can feel the underlying emotion really heavily from the lyrics and the music. It makes for a totally different story. It’s supposed to relate people to each other- even if not realizing it as first. There can be several people connecting to the songs in several different places, for instance when you hear “Light Me Up” and you really needed that helping hand to see that light at the end of the tunnel that’s perceived to have no end, or you are alone- this is really supposed to shed light on the fact that you are not alone and bring that feeling back to you.
Of course, it does touch on humanity and pushing ourselves, visuals and looking at specific patterns. Deeply rooted patterns, self-victimizations, and all these different destructive patterns that almost everyone carries in their own way. It’s just what we do, and how we see it and how we reflect it onto others and see it in ourselves that can transform our world. It’s supposed to in general have a positive impact- I hope with the music it does. That was the intention behind it, to be very honest, open, and vulnerable.
Dead Rhetoric: You talk about the destruction and vulnerability – when it comes to social media is it amazing to you that something that is supposed to bring people closer together is often used for destruction and tearing people down within humanity?
Paige: It is. It is a very interesting world right now with the way social media is such a key part to letting people know what’s around them and what’s available. And at the same time connecting them but yes being such a destructive force. I have boundaries around social media even for myself, because I can’t handle it all the time with my own thought patterns in my brain. I am not strong enough to not talk myself into believing I’m less than enough all the time. It’s something that I see commonly, especially with Instagram – this instant gratification thing that’s happened, it’s a natural thing to want and feel desired, but it’s really bred like a monster of its own through this attention thing. It’s highlighted that part in our psyche, and prevents us from going out into the world and connecting to people face to face more. People are stuck on their phones all the time, and I have been there- I have been there several times and I have boundaries now too.
I feel really sick about the fact that new generations have to come up with this crap around them. Young kids will have phones, and if one has social media the other has to have social media. Bullying is something that is hard to prevent, because it comes back to what’s really happening in the home life, and that’s a whole other thing. That’s hard enough to get through as a kid, I just can’t imagine how it is for these kids with the cyberbullying, we are seeing kids commit suicide at 13 years old- now more than ever, especially in the past several years, 13-15- these kids are killing themselves because they can’t live up to what they see and how people are treating them online, and you don’t have the capacity to deal with this when you are that young. It’s very sad for these next generations – I can’t really believe it actually.
Dead Rhetoric: What can you tell us about the Japanese version for “Let Me Love You” for which you made a video for? Have you always been fluent in Japanese to switch back and forth in that language and English for this track- and how did the idea with incorporating yourselves as anime characters come about?
Paige: This was something that I really wanted to do for a while. As you know, Japan always gets a bonus track within the music industry, it’s just politics I’m not really sure about why, but that’s how it goes and there’s no way around it. I thought this time instead of putting a different song on there, we would just do a song in Japanese format. I do not speak Japanese, but I did put a lot of effort into re-working the lyrics to make sense when they are in Japanese. Because you can’t just translate it the same word for word- I will be putting up those lyrics soon for people to see, because it’s pretty interesting to see how they have to change to make sense. It’s very beautiful, when we translated it we didn’t lose the essence of the message of the song. I worked for almost a month just on that song very hardcore with a woman that lives in Vancouver, Niriko from Japan, and all she does is translate and work side by side with people, traveling. It was important to find someone that had a good reputation and trust, she was lovely.
After the song was done, I thought it would be really fun to just make a video and everyone in the world can also hear the Japanese version and might find it interesting. Usually people don’t get that song that goes to Japan, unless they buy it off Ebay. This was our way of being able to share what we were giving the Japanese, and the anime was just a fun twist. I personally thought it would be really fun, and so I created a character and we just worked with a Canadian team here to create some light anime to tell a story with a lot of humor in it.
Dead Rhetoric: And when it comes to the Fleetwood Mac cover “The Chain” – had you always been a fan of the band?
Paige: Yes, a major fan of Fleetwood Mac- especially the Stevie Nicks era. I really wanted us to pick a song that people weren’t expecting us to do. We usually pick something along the lines of traditional heavy metal, and that would just be too parallel for us. We did something totally different, and it also had the right message to end the Prevail albums. We are all in this together, we are a chain, and it ends the album with a feeling of unity.
Dead Rhetoric: Many of the veterans in metal have released strong records this year already- including Saxon and Judas Priest among others. Does this give you hope for possibly a mini-rebirth for consumers who are seeking out quality records and stronger emphasis on hooks, melodies, and memorable songs?
Paige: You know, I feel like our world has more genres to choose from now, because of the EDM movement, and the pop world- which has always been a big part of what people listen to. I think that rock and metal have always been there to a degree, but it’s not been something that people can reach to the level of Metallica for instance or Iron Maiden. That’s a really massive community of people around the world listening to that. When you look at Saxon and Judas Priest and what they are doing, I think this is out there. It’s in a lot of sub-genres within people that do their own thing. Many things come to mind, even if I think of Volbeat, it’s really turned some people on and done well. If we go and look into the younger generations at Avenged Sevenfold, they got the kids and they are growing up with the kids as they are playing. I was one of them when I was 14, I got into them and I saw them go through their transition and evolution. I think I am going to hang onto that- and I think there are many bands like this out there.
I don’t think it necessarily is going to be the same rebirth from the 80’s ever again- where these metal giants are touring all around the world like Iron Maiden with arenas. I do think that double headlining things are possible, and then again you never know. You see Nightwish in Europe and they are huge, so I think that there are exceptions that you might see as you go along here. There are people that will always love rock and metal, and I don’t think that this will necessarily change.
This Psoriasis skin Relief Cream is a unique, natural and fast absorbing cream enriched with herbal extracts aiming to calm the skin and relieve numerous skin problems such as irritation and itching, rash, extreme dryness followed by cracks, scales and redness. The cream is enriched with Dead Sea minerals, sea-weed extract, soothing Green Tea extract and regenerating Avocado oil, contains softening Olive oil for irritation relief and skin flaking prevention, enriched with vitamins and anti-oxidants, Shea butter for skin cells renewal, Aloe Vera extract for a balanced moisture, Ginseng, Patchouli oil, Chamomile, vitamins C + E and does not contain steroids or tar-derivatives products. The special combination of rich ingredients moisturizes and sooths the skin significantly improves its texture.
4 4 FULL SECTOR REPORT OVERVIEW Africa is not a healthy continent. On all indicators of health, Africa lags behind the rest of the world, and behind poor countries of South-East and South Asia that were behind Africa when measured on these metrics a few decades ago. Much of this gap, which has widened since the 1980s is a consequence of the Human Immunodeficiency Virus / Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (HIV/AIDS) epidemic which has hit Africa harder than any region on Earth, but much of it (as well as the sometimes sluggish and ineffective responses to HIV/AIDS) can be blamed on other factors. African governments focussed on direct payment, and continue to do so to a large extent, after most countries started to move more towards facilitating health insurance schemes. Widespread and rapacious corruption has meant that large slices of health budgets have gone missing. Infrastructure problems have made it difficult to provide services to many people in more remote areas. Poverty has slowed the emergence of private healthcare initiatives outside of a few cities. Conflict has directly affected Africans health through high numbers of death and injuries, and indirectly by hampering healthcare provision. All these problems, as well as Africa s sheer size and its position on the globe most of it is in the tropics where the nastiest germs and parasites flourish have made Africans unhealthier and worse looked after medically, than the inhabitants of any other continent on earth. If one looks at the state of Africa s healthcare as a unit in 2012, the picture is still one of a generally poor population, subject to diseases that have been eradicated or brought under control on most other continents, neglected by private healthcare providers and underserved by governments, reliant on irregular help from abroad. Part of the aim of this report is to look at the current state of the healthcare sector in Africa, to identify the reasons for its underperformance, to note the geographies where the picture is less gloomy and to try to explain why those countries perform better. But the whole continent is not blighted: there are success stories here and there, some countries or cities in which multilateral institutions, governments, private firms or nongovernmental organisations (NGOs) have come up with ideas or programmes that have had a big, positive impact on a local population. The other aim of this report is to see what was done right in those places, and to estimate how fast the successful ideas are spreading to other communities. Finally, the report will explore some macro-scale trends in Africa and in the world which should be kept in mind when thinking about the future of healthcare in Africa. AFRICANS HEALTH AND AFRICA S HEALTHCARE As mentioned above, health indicators in Africa are shocking. Africans live, on average, 14 years less than the average world citizen, and 21 years less than the average European. The maternal mortality and the mortality rate for children younger than five years are more than double the world average. There are only 2.3 doctors per 1,000 people in Africa, less than onetenth of the figure in Europe and less than half the figure in South-East Asia. Selected health indicators INDICATOR WORLD AFRICA EASTERN EUROPE MEDITER- RANEAN Life expectancy at birth, 2009 Physicians per 1,000 people, 2010 Under mortality per 1,000 live births, 2011 Maternal mortality ratio, per 100,000 live births, 2008 Source: WHO, UNICEF. Eastern Mediterranean includes North Africa except Algeria Not only are the absolute levels of all indicators low, but progress on almost every indicator is slower than in any other region. Maternal mortality in Africa, for instance, decreased 27% over the past two decades, which is certainly a good outcome, but the global figure over the same period was 35% and in South-East Asia it was 58%. Mortality in children under five is declining by 2.5% a year in Africa, compared to 2.7% worldwide and 5.6% in the European region (which for the WHO includes a number of former Soviet republics). Maternal mortality in Africa is declining at a rate of 1.7% a year, against 2.3% worldwide and 5% in South-East Asia. As a consequence, Africa will lag behind the rest of the world on health indicators for many years to come. It is important to consider the reasons why this is so. By far the most important reason is the way in which healthcare in Africa is funded. As The Economist puts it, healthcare funding in Africa is a patchwork of meagre public spending, heavy reliance on foreign donors and a large dependence on out-of-pocket contributions and user fees that place the greatest burden on the poorest members of society. African governments budgets are insufficient to address the issues, and are often further reduced by corruption. The aid that does come from external sources is usually imprecisely and often
5 FULL SECTOR REPORT 5 unproductively targeted, focussing overwhelmingly on highprofile causes like HIV/AIDS or malaria, and neglecting other health issues, like child and maternal health, nutrition and the spending necessary to build up health systems. Lastly, and obviously, systems that rely on out-of-pocket spending in a poverty-stricken region can be expected to fail. Other relevant reasons are the small size of the domestic pharmaceutical industry, and the low number of trained doctors (exacerbated by a brain drain of doctors who do qualify, then choose to pursue their careers abroad). It is possible to overcome the limitations above: African healthcare has a number of success stories, which this report will consider. Those successes have all been the result of dedicated organisations overcoming structural limitations by doing things in novel and often unpopular ways. Delivering effective healthcare in Africa usually means doing things differently. Mortality and causes of death Africa has the lowest life expectancy of all the regions in the classification of the World Health Organisation (WHO): 54 years, compared to 65 in South East Asia, the next shortest lived region, and 76 years in the Americas, the region where people live longest. The figure for Africa is up only marginally from its level of 51 years in 1990, as the devastating effect of the HIV/AIDS pandemic has undone all the successes achieved in extending life expectancy through other measures. The main contribution to longer lives in Africa has been through conflict resolution: the countries that have made the most remarkable progress are simply those in which wars have been resolved. So Eritreans have seen their life expectancy go from 36 to 66 years in barely two decades (an improvement of over 80%), while in Liberia the figure went from 37 to 56 years and in Angola from 42 to 52. There have been other countries in which advances in longevity have been impressive, and due to factors other than conflict resolution: in the past two decades life expectancy in Egypt has increased 15% to 72 years, and in Morocco it has gone up 12% to 73 years over the same period. These advances are purely the outcome of improvements in healthcare delivery and basic living conditions. To better understand why lives in Africa are so short, in relative terms, it is important to see what ends lives. (At 34 per 1,000 people per year, Africa s crude death is by far the highest in the world and more than quadruple the global average.) The table below shows the leading causes of death worldwide, in Africa, the Eastern Mediterranean and Europe: CAUSE OF DEATH Communicable diseases, maternal and perinatal conditions and nutritional deficiencies Cause of death, % of all deaths, 2008 WORLD AFRICA EASTERN EUROPE MEDITER- RANEAN Of which infectious and parasitic diseases Noncommunicable conditions Of which cancers Of which cardiovascular diseases Injuries Source: WHO. Eastern Mediterranean includes North Africa except Algeria As can be seen from the table, Africa s mortality profile is almost the exact opposite of that of the world as a whole. Under a third of global deaths are caused by communicable diseases, maternal and perinatal conditions and nutritional deficiencies; in Africa the figure approaches two thirds. Only 28% of Africa s deaths are caused by non-communicable conditions whereas the global figure is 64% (and in Europe the figure is 87%). Causes of death in Europe reflect a process that Africa is barely starting on: as a society grows more prosperous it is better able to control infectious and viral diseases, the hazards of unhygienic living conditions and the dangers of unsupervised childbirth. People in rich countries eventually die either of the inevitable consequences of ageing or from conditions brought on by unhealthy lifestyles.
6 6 FULL SECTOR REPORT This trend is already relevant to certain sections of Africa s population and will gradually start to apply to the entire population in the coming decades. Until it does, the graph on the left shows some of the most important challenges that face healthcare policymakers in Africa: the breakdown of the infectious and parasitic diseases that kill 4.1 million people in Africa every year, almost half of all deaths. HIV/AIDS fully deserves its reputation as the scourge of Africa killing more than 1.3 million people a year. It is the leading single cause of death on the continent. Furthermore, almost a million deaths are caused by the diarrhoeal diseases which adequate primary healthcare addresses through the provision of improved water supplies. In turn, malaria, which has almost been eradicated in most of the world, causes another 750,000 deaths a year in Africa, and tuberculosis just under half a million. Nearly as deadly as HIV/AIDS, but with a substantially lower profile, are respiratory infections. These infections almost exclusively represent lower respiratory tract infections (pneumonia and bronchitis). These infections cause more than 1.1 million deaths a year in Africa, 11% of all deaths. They require reliable supplies of antibiotics to effectively address, although they remain major causes of death even in developed regions. Then there are the diseases with relatively modest death tolls but with serious health impacts. The Carter Center calls bilharzia (or schistosomiasis) second only to malaria as the most devastating parasitic disease in tropical countries in terms of socioeconomic and public health impact. The mortality rate from the disease is low but it has debilitating effect, especially on children who are particularly susceptible to contracting it. In Nigeria 20 million people require treatment for the disease. Effective basic healthcare can be expected to make a big difference in the area of maternal and perinatal mortality. Almost 900,000 African babies die in the time around childbirth every year, 9% of all the deaths on the continent. Maternal mortality claims 190,000 mothers lives every year, half of all maternal fatalities in the world. It is these deaths that can be addressed at relatively low cost by establishing clinics in rural areas and by training midwives. The pandemics: AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria together cause nearly 2.5 million deaths a year in Africa, a quarter of all deaths. The first of the three in particular has caused governments and NGOs to mobilise massively against it. After mortality from the virus peaked and began to recede in developing countries in the early 1990s, these organisations turned their focus on Africa. As noted above, HIV/AIDS remains a major killer in Africa, especially compared to other regions. In 2007 the HIV/ AIDS mortality rate in Africa was 147 per 100,000 people; the region in which it was the next highest killer, South East Asia, the figure was only 13. Africa bears more than two thirds of the global HIV/AIDS burden, with an estimated total of 23 million people living with the disease (of 34 million worldwide) and 1.9 million new infections every year in sub- Saharan Africa alone. That said, the fight against AIDS has been successful by most measures: in the past 10 years the HIV/AIDS incidence has dropped in 37 out of the 51 countries in which the WHO measures it. In four countries the figure has been cut by half. The most successful programmes have been awareness programmes, usually ABC programmes telling people to abstain, be faithful and condomise. The other main leg of the fight has been in lengthening the lives of people already living with the disease, and here the biggest contribution was made by the organisations that fought to provide affordable antiretroviral drugs. Thanks to these efforts, living with AIDS is now more in the nature of a treatable chronic condition than that of a fatal infection. Africa and South-East Asia are the regions of the world most affected by tuberculosis. In Africa, 2.5 million people have the disease, and it kills 400,000 people a year. (This figure excludes deaths from tuberculosis in which there is a link to AIDS the final cause of many AIDS deaths is tuberculosis infection.) The number of deaths has fallen by more than onethird since 1990, and ongoing efforts are projected to further reduce the mortality in future. The treatment success rate in Africa is now over 80%, and immunisation of one-year-olds on the continent with the Bacillus Calmette-Guérin vaccine goes up steadily, from 75% in 1990 to 85% in Malaria has become an essentially African disease since its effective eradication in most of the rest of the world (apart from some parts of Asia). More than 90% of malaria fatalities occur in Africa. The number of deaths peaked in 2004, and has since declined by more than 20%. Namibia, Botswana, Swaziland, Cape Verde and South Africa have set themselves the target of completely eradicating the disease by 2015 and may succeed. Donor groups, notably, of late, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, have been hugely important in contributing to this decline, in particular through the distribution of millions of insecticide-treated mosquito nets. There are signs, however, that the distribution of treated nets is contributing to the rise of insecticide-resistant mosquitoes, and that malaria could rapidly move back to its levels of earlier because of this. Another issue with malaria is that until the disease (or its carrying vector) is completely eradicated, all the success achieved can be undone by less than a decade s inaction. Efforts to control these three pandemics have made real differences to longevity in Africa and should be applauded. But there are reasons to think that there is too much focus on these three pandemics. In healthcare this kind of focus on a specific health issue is called a vertical focus, and many critics think that it too often prevails in preference to a horizontal focus that aims to strengthen health systems in a more general way. As we have seen, pulmonary infections kill nearly as many Africans as AIDS, and almost as many as tuberculosis and malaria combined. But, perhaps because the most effective way of responding is through relatively
7 FULL SECTOR REPORT 7 unglamorous promotion of basic medicines and clinics, combating pulmonary infections has been left to African governments. And African governments healthcare efforts have not been universally impressive. Primary healthcare and administrative improvement Primary healthcare, as per the WHO statement adopted in Alma-Ata in Kazakhstan in 1978, includes health education, promotion of proper nutrition, safe water and basic sanitation, maternal and child health care (including family planning), immunisation against major infectious diseases, appropriate treatment of common diseases and injuries, and provision of essential drugs. With the exception of the high-profile pandemic diseases mentioned above, governments, multinational organisations and NGOs currently prefer to focus on primary healthcare simply because it is the most cost effective way of improving the health of a population and to deliver high impact interventions at low cost. In order for primary healthcare to receive the necessary attention, some important actors in the sector, especially the NGOs who do so much high-profile work, will have to change their focus from a vertical one on high-profile epidemics, to a horizontal focus on more humdrum but potentially more effective actions like improving water supplies or supporting vaccination drives. Administrative projects are often overlooked as potentially transformative healthcare initiatives, but a health ministry which is in control of roll-outs of medicine, aware of the priority areas in which the most urgent action is required, and in contact with external and private-sector partners, can rapidly make a difference to its population s health. The best recent example of this is Ethiopia, where the success in improving healthcare by all available metrics is to a large extent due to the government s willingness to recognise the importance of the role that the healthcare bureaucracy plays. So the Health Minister Tedros Ghebreyesus, who believed that management was the oil on which the complex organizational machinery of hospitals runs, reorganised the entire bureaucracy of his ministry, drew up new and simpler standard operating procedures, decentralised to delegate as much authority as possible to teams working within each health facility, and improved communication structures in order to minimise the delays that emerged in instances where it became necessary to obtain instructions from the next level. In the two decades since 1990, Ethiopians life expectancy has gone up by 10 years, and infant mortality has dropped by more than half. The biggest potential gains in healthcare in Africa are to be made in primary healthcare and in improving the healthcare bureaucracies of government health departments. The former is the most cost effective way of improving the health of a population, delivering high impact interventions at low cost, and the latter (when properly implemented) can ensure that medical programmes are suited to a particular country. While private hospitals and similar advances in medicine will become increasingly important to Africans in cities and in wealthier countries, the most lives can be saved and improved by focussing on the basics. In Africa, these basics are showing real improvement but, as in the health metrics examined in the first section, absolute levels are still much lower than in the rest of the world. So the percentage of Africans with access to improved water sources went from 49% to 61% from 1990 to 2010, but that is still far below the global figure of 89%. Measles immunisation coverage for one-year-olds has gone up spectacularly in 30 years, from 6% in 1980 to 76% in 2010, but the global figure is 85%, and in the Western Pacific region, which was behind Africa in 1980, the percentage is 97%. Secondary healthcare The challenge for most of Africa s population is still to implement basic sanitation and medical techniques to address diseases that have been eradicated or brought under control in most of the world. But development, economic growth and urbanisation is driving rapid growth in the number of Africans who live in cities, have high levels of disposable income, and expect good standards of medical care. It is especially this market which has been driving the founding and expansion of private hospitals. The major private healthcare companies in Africa are three big South African operators, all listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange: Mediclinic, Netcare and the somewhat smaller Life Healthcare. It is understandable that private healthcare grew fastest in the most prosperous African country, but other cities in Africa are now also viable markets for private hospitals. African Medical Investments operates private hospitals in Maputo, Dar es Salaam and Harare, and plans to expand into other East African countries and Nigeria. In the latter country Lagos state, home to just under 10 million people, boasts more than 80 private hospitals. Not all private facilities are massive hospitals like the Mediclinics in South Africa s cities: Carego Livewell, for instance, is a Kenyan company which provides fairly basic services through five community-based clinics in the Nairobi region.
8 8 FULL SECTOR REPORT The development of private healthcare will continue over the next few years and represents an attractive investment opportunity. The World Bank s International Finance Corporation (IFC) estimates that $25bn to $30bn will be invested in Africa s healthcare infrastructure between now and end-2016, and that up to $20bn of that will come from the private sector. EXPENDITURE After effectiveness, the most important criterion in evaluating healthcare systems is probably expenditure. Who pays how much for what determines how many people obtain treatment, and thus the overall health of a population. The world has been taking steps towards a better affordability of healthcare for the poor since 2005, when the (then) 192 members of WHO endorsed a resolution entitled Sustainable health financing, universal coverage and social health insurance. The resolution urged member states to develop their financing systems to ensure that their populations have access to needed services without the risk of financial catastrophe. This is part of a broader trend away from expecting governments to supply the totality of healthcare in a country, but also away from the equally unrealistic idea that markets would provide adequate healthcare. Expenditure on healthcare in Africa can be divided into three categories: government spending (which goes into directly supplied healthcare services as well as towards national health insurance schemes), private spending (which is split between out-of-pocket payments for healthcare services at point of delivery and private health insurance), and external sources. The question of how much government spending should account for total health expenditures is to a large extent an ideological one and impossible to resolve. Some African governments can afford to provide good healthcare: in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea, for instance, general government health expenditure accounts for 76% of total health expenditure in the country, and total health expenditure per capita per annum is at the highest level of any country on the continent, at $897. The situation is similar in Botswana and Libya. This model breaks down in poorer countries, however like Mozambique, where government spending represents 72% of all spending on healthcare, but per capita annual spending on health barely exceeds $20. That is extremely low the WHO considers $34 per person per year a minimum to provide a population with basic health care. Countries in which private expenditure on healthcare dominates are of two types: those in which almost all spending is out-of-pocket spending at point of delivery, and those where the private spending is collected on a regular basis and pooled so that provision is made for unexpected health problems. Representative of the first category is Guinea: in that country private health expenditure makes up 89% of total health expenditure, but out-of-pocket expenditure represents 88% of private health expenditure and total health spending per person per year is only $23. The second type is best represented by South Africa: private health expenditure accounts for 56% of the total, but only 17% of that is out of pocket. This is the kind of profile that one prefers to see: it takes the burden of healthcare provision off the state, without leaving people vulnerable to the devastating consequences of large, unforeseen medical bills. The trend in Africa, as elsewhere, is to increase the funds available for private, pooled healthcare by encouraging health insurance schemes. Government spending The Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) were adopted at a meeting in September 2000 that brought together 189 heads of state. There are eight MDGs, and three of them relate to healthcare: reducing child mortality rates, improving maternal health, and combating HIV/AIDS, malaria, and other diseases. In order to make progress of achieving the MDGs, the heads of state of African Union (AU) countries met in April 2001 in Abuja, Nigeria, and pledged to commit 15% of their national budgets to health spending. In 2010 only four African countries (Rwanda, Botswana, Zambia and Togo) were compliant with the Abuja pledge. Another 22 countries spent between 10% and 15% of their budgets on health, but 25 countries spent less than 10% of their budgets on health, and five spent less than 5%. A number of countries now allocate a lower proportion of their budgets to healthcare than before Abuja. General government health expenditure as % of general government expenditure, 2010 Source: WHO While pooling schemes and private healthcare have their place in improving health outcomes in Africa, as will be explained below, clinics providing basic care are still crucially important in addressing the most common causes of illness and mortality, as can be seen by the dramatic improvements observed when fees are waived for medical
9 FULL SECTOR REPORT 9 services. Removing fees in rural Zambia in April 2006 and January 2007, for example, resulted in a 55% increase in the use of government facilities. Attendance rates at health centres in Uganda jumped 84% when fees were scrapped in Ghana s initiative in exempting women from paying for healthcare is credited with reducing maternal mortality from 500 per 100,000 live births in 2000, to 350 in The same success story does, however, also show up one of the limitations of making healthcare free: because no payment is involved and the measure increased the workload for healthcare professionals while making no effective difference to the supply of healthcare, the number of deliveries attended by skilled nurses actually declined from 2005 to At the moment the governments which are successfully addressing their populations medical needs are combining direct expenditure with other financing models. In some, government chooses to finance the administrative side of healthcare, leaving specific projects relating to the control of epidemic diseases to external donors, and more and more medical services to the private sector. When funding healthcare, governments also increasingly prefer to pay into health insurance schemes, instead of paying directly for medical services as in the past. The future of healthcare in Africa lies in health insurance and private medical companies, although government and external funding will be important for the foreseeable future. External funding Because of the inadequacy of government programmes to address Africa s health emergencies, the continent has long been a big recipient of external aid in the healthcare sector. External donors are of two types: foreign governments and NGOs. While foreign governments have more funds at their disposal, the strings attached to their aid are sometimes onerous, and NGOs relative independence (especially from large pharmaceutical corporations) can make them more effective. So the Clinton Foundation s success in fighting HIV/ AIDS had much to do with its willingness to go up against pharmaceutical companies and lobby them to allow generic versions of their drugs to be manufactured. The Clinton Foundation only undertook this initiative when Bill Clinton was no longer president of the United States; it is debatable whether a sitting president could have taken the same position. One big problem with NGOs is their propensity to adopt a vertical focus on an issue like malaria or HIV/AIDS, to the neglect of potentially more effective efforts in primary healthcare, for example. Experts from the Yale School of Public Health credit Ethiopia s success in delivering better healthcare to its willingness to negotiate determinedly with donors. Minister Tedros found ways to channel funds earmarked for AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria to systems that treated many other problems as well. In addition to this discrimination between programmes, there is a similar discrimination between countries: some countries attract solid amounts of donor funding while others do not. Often, countries that are on their way to becoming middle-income countries receive more than neighbouring countries that are worse off. In 2007 Namibia, classified as a lower middle income country on the World Bank s scale, received about $34 per capita for health, while in the same year the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) received $4.40 and Guinea received $2.80. Health insurance schemes Direct payment at point of use is the least-optimal way of financing healthcare, as in poor countries in particular, dramatic and expensive ailments can push the poor into bankruptcy, or else high costs can dissuade people from seeking desperately needed medical care. So, according to the WHO, two years after Burundi introduced user fees for healthcare in 2002, four out of five patients in that country were either in debt or had sold assets to pay for healthcare. It is routine for more than 2% of the population of lowincome countries to suffer financial catastrophe defined as having to spend over 40% of income after food because of healthcare costs. In the estimation of the WHO, reliance on direct payments has to fall to at most 20% of total health expenditures to bring the incidence of financial catastrophe down to negligible levels. For an unchanged level of government and external funding, improving Africa s healthcare expenditure profile will thus mean shifting private expenditure from direct payment to prepaid, pooled expenditure. Analysts see this shift as the most important shift in Africa s healthcare environment. So the countries most often held up as examples of successful health policy are those in which health insurance schemes cover the greatest part of the population, or where the proportion is growing fast. Two countries often cited in this context are Rwanda and Ghana. In the former country 91% of the population belongs to one of three health insurance schemes, thanks to a government programme to match member contributions one-to-one (with some donor support). Out-of-pocket expenditure now only accounts for 22% of private health expenditure, and the improvements in child and maternal mortality have been impressive. In Ghana the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) was formally launched in December 2004 and since then it has been mandatory for all residents to be members of a district mutual health scheme, a private commercial insurance scheme, or a private mutual health scheme. Coverage of the Ghanaian population is now close to 70% and the scheme s beneficial effects on health have been evident: infant mortality has dropped 19% since 2000, and the number of infant deaths from malaria has dropped by almost a third since the scheme s inception (it primarily targets the diseases which affect the most Ghanaians).
10 10 FULL SECTOR REPORT CONTINENTAL AND GLOBAL TRENDS What trends will make a difference to healthcare in Africa? The most important one is already underway: the steady rolling out of primary healthcare into ever more remote areas, providing vaccinations, clean water, midwife assistance and basic health advice to ever larger numbers of people. Another one which has been discussed is taking place in Africa s cities, where new private hospitals are providing outpatient services and the reassurance of quality emergency care to the new middle class. Listed below are some other drivers which an examination of healthcare in Africa should include. Economic outlook, budgets and regional integration It is somewhat tautological to point out that smaller budgets will mean smaller healthcare budgets, and it is possible that African governments will have to tighten their belts in the next few years. It is not only the economic environment of Africa itself which is relevant: if the economic slowdown in developed countries persists, then the pressure on their funding commitments (which is already severe enough to have resulted in aid cuts in 2012) may drive governments to tighten their purse strings even more. African governments would do well (and may be forced) to further reduce their reliance on donor funding, as fiscal problems in donor nations fuel isolationist instincts and suddenly indebted Western countries cut the amounts they have allocated to foreign aid. This austerity drive in developed countries will force African governments to improve their revenue collection systems and to come up with innovative financing for programmes. Innovative financing usually means finding new things to tax: so recent examples are a solidarity levy on airfares which funds UNITAID, an international medicine purchasing scheme, special telecoms taxes in Gabon, or the sin taxes raised on alcohol and tobacco in most countries. On the other hand, and more positively, there are signs that the private sector will be willing to compensate for much of the funding lost as governments cut back. The rise in popularity of corporate social responsibility (CSR) and double bottom line or triple bottom line accounting, in which corporations keep track of social and environmental achievements alongside their financial performances, will mean that many large international corporations may be happy to participate in helping to improve the state of the healthcare industry in Africa. Technology Possibly the most exciting application of technology to the healthcare industry lies in the field of telemedicine, which usually refers to the use of telecommunications to allow healthcare workers in out-of-the-way places to remotely diagnose patients in conference with specialists. As part of the Pan-African e-network Project, a co-operation between the government of India and the AU, doctors in India are helping to remotely diagnose patients in 53 hospitals in Africa. The same project makes it possible for African students to study medicine under lecturers at seven universities in India. Technology can also provide more orthodox solutions to bureaucratic issues that can sometimes be overlooked by actors in the healthcare space with a propensity to look for the dramatic fix. Carego Livewell, the Nairobi-based healthcare company referred to above, specialises in providing healthcare facilities with software to simplify their clinical and business processes and for regional and national healthcare organisations and governmental departments to co-ordinate better. Intelligently targeted health awareness campaigns can leverage the high levels of mobile phone (and, increasingly, internet) penetration in order to better communicate with the public; this is already the case with many HIV/AIDS initiatives in Southern Africa. Advances in chemistry will save and improve lives, as researchers develop drugs specifically for Africa, or at least for low income societies. One good example is the retroviral treatment developed by Indian pharmaceutical company Cipla: unlike previous drug cocktails, Cipla s fixed-dose combination does not require refrigeration, which played an important part in prompting its uptake in Africa. If heatresistant insulin is ever developed, for instance, it is certain that its effect in Africa will be tremendous. Of relevance here is the issue of patents. The Agreement on Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS) is an agreement that introduces patent law into world trade, and is binding upon all members of the World Trade Organisation (WTO). Because of the huge beneficial effect that generic drugs have had in addressing health crises in developing countries, most lower income countries were given 10 years in which to comply with the clauses in TRIPS relating to medicines. In this regard, India was allowed to produce generic medicines until 2005 and the least developed countries were given until When these deadlines are reached, there will again be some difficult debates about profits versus people. The rise of non-communicable conditions As infectious and parasitic diseases and perinatal dangers are brought under control in Africa, the continent s mortality profile will increasingly come to resemble that of more advanced societies. Non-communicable conditions like cancer, diabetes and heart failure will kill the most people, resulting in a complete change in the demands on healthcare systems. It is estimated that non-communicable diseases, including lifestyle disease related to suboptimal lifestyle choices, will overtake communicable and parasitic diseases as the main cause of death in Africa by It will be a challenge for health departments focussed on the very basic aspects of healthcare preventing child mortality and eradicating diseases that no longer exist in more advanced countries to addressing these very modern diseases, for which, moreover, there is usually no cure, only treatment.
11 FULL SECTOR REPORT 11 Notable territories This table summarises the African countries which, in our opinion, are notable for some aspect of their healthcare systems, whether it be rapid uptake of health insurance, high levels of total expenditure or innovative governance in the public sector: Country GDP per capita 2011 Real GDP growth in 2011 African countries with notable healthcare systems Per capita healthcare spending, 2010 Government health spending as % of total government spending, 2010 Out-ofpocket as % of private health spending, 2010 Life expectancy at birth, 2009 Infant mortality, 2011 Government policy $ % $ % % Years Per 1,000 live births Botswana 8, Good Ethiopia n/a Excellent Ghana 1, Good Libya 7, Good Mauritius 8, Good Rwanda Excellent South 8, Good Africa Sources: NKC NKC WHO WHO WHO WHO UNICEF NKC Botswana, a relatively wealthy country, is one of the four countries in Africa which complied with the Abuja commitment in 2010 by spending more than 15% of its budget on health. Botswana is also notable for the health profile of its private healthcare spending: only 30% of private health expenditure was out-of-pocket, which is good news for health outcomes although the high HIV prevalence rate still holds life expectancy down. Despite very low levels of spending on health the secondlowest figure in Africa Ethiopia has made tremendous strides in improving healthcare. Much of this has been the result of improvements in government s health bureaucracy, which a zealous health minister retooled to address specific and urgent problems, sometimes in the face of resistance from external partners. Ghana s success in addressing healthcare issues is only now becoming apparent, as the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) initiated in 2003 bears fruit. The proportion of out-of-pocket spending in total private healthcare spending is in decline, with salutary consequences for the poorest Ghanaians. We include Libya in this list because we think it is on the cusp of a major change in its healthcare system. While the state-sponsored health system almost 70% of total health expenditure is still by the state has achieved excellent basic healthcare, it is at a point where it will start to move towards a more balanced mix, providing better options especially for the upper middle classes. The health economies of Algeria and Gabon have similar profiles and should be watched for the same reason. Mauritius is a small, rich country in which private healthcare and medical insurance providers can find a lucrative market. Basic healthcare has been achieved, now the demand is for world-class services for the well-off, as well as for solutions to still-high levels of out-of-pocket expenditure in private health spending. In Rwanda, as in Ethiopia, government has been good at overcoming very low per capita health expenditure (although the health budget as a proportion of the total budget is the highest in Africa) to deliver acceptable outcomes, by combining different modes of financing, by successfully lobbying for external funding and by making the quality of government health bureaucracy a priority. The state of the healthcare industry in South Africa needs to be watched because it will, in many respects, be a model for other countries in future, and the companies active in the sector will expand north of the country s borders. While rich, there are deep pockets of poverty where NGOs and government are collaborating in sometimes innovative ways to improve healthcare outcomes.
World Health Organization Facts and Figures The World Health Report 2003 Shaping the Future Life expectancy Life expectancy at birth in 2002 reached a global average of 65.2 years, compared with 46.5 years
UNAIDS 2013 AIDS by the numbers 33 % decrease in new HIV infections since 2001 29 % decrease in AIDS-related deaths (adults and children) since 2005 52 % decrease in new HIV infections in children since
Part Burden of disease:. Broad cause composition 0 5. The age distribution of burden of disease 6. Leading causes of burden of disease 7. The disease and injury burden for women 6 8. The growing burden
Health, history and hard choices: Funding dilemmas in a fast-changing world Thomson Prentice Global Health Histories Health and Philanthropy: Leveraging change University of Indiana, August 2006 An embarrassment
The Burgeoning Public Health Crisis: Demand Analysis and Market Opportunity for Advanced Trauma Systems in the Developing World Globally, the causes of mortality will experience significant shifts over
Since achieving independence from Great Britain in 1963, Kenya has worked to improve its healthcare system.
Medical Management Plan Kenya OVERVIEW Company Mission Our mission is to encourage young people to volunteer for worthwhile work in developing countries. We expect that doing this kind of voluntary work
Health and Longevity. Global Trends. Which factors account for most of the health improvements in the 20th century?
8 Health and Longevity The health of a country s population is often monitored using two statistical indicators: life expectancy at birth and the under-5 mortality rate. These indicators are also often
The Global Economic Cost of Cancer About the Global Economic Cost of Cancer Report Cancer is taking an enormous human toll around the world and is a growing threat in low- to middle-income countries.
Shutterstock TACstock 10 Introduction Since 2000, the IDF Diabetes Atlas has detailed the extent of diabetes and this seventh edition shows how it is impacting every country, every age group and every
AFRICAN UNION ROADMAP: PROGRESS IN THE FIRST YEAR Update on progress to implement the African Union Roadmap on Shared Responsibility and Global Solidarity for AIDS, TB and Malaria Response in Africa (2012
ACCESS TO AFFORDABLE TREATMENT FOR HIV/AIDS: THE ISSUES AIDS Law Unit Legal Assistance Centre July, 2002 INTRODUCTION Although there is currently no cure for HIV/Aids, treatment has, however, been developed
Medical Management Plan Philippines OVERVIEW Company Mission Our mission is to encourage young people to volunteer for worthwhile work in developing countries. We expect that doing this kind of voluntary
KPMG NEWS. This newsletter covers matters that are topical and are currently being debated in the medical schemes industry.
KPMG NEWS This newsletter covers matters that are topical and are currently being debated in the medical schemes industry. Volume 1 August 2013 HOW UNIVERSAL HEALTH COVERAGE HAS BENEFITED OTHER COUNTRIES
FACT SHEET MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH Tanzania s Progress in Maternal and Child Health Tanzania has made considerable progress in the reduction of child mortality. Under-five mortality rates continue to
August 2012. Action for Global Health call for International Development Select Committee Inquiry into health systems strengthening
August 2012 Action for Global Health call for International Development Select Committee Inquiry into health systems strengthening Introduction In recent years DFID has prioritised health and nutrition
INFORMAL BACKGROUND DOCUMENT The European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP) and health General The European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP) was developed in 2004, with the objective of avoiding the emergence of new
Social protection and poverty reduction Despite the positive economic growth path projected for Africa, the possibility of further global shocks coupled with persistent risks for households make proactive
Overall, there has been some progress in the three indicators tracking the achievements of countries toward MDG 4. Despite these achievements, and due to the fact that most child deaths are preventable
GLOBAL HEALTH ESSENTIAL CORE COMPETENCIES All medical graduates should understand the major factors that influence the health of individuals and populations worldwide. They should have a basic understanding
35 Access to affordable essential medicines 1 Target 8e In cooperation with pharmaceutical companies, provide access to affordable essential drugs in developing countries. Target 8e of the Millennium Development
Education is the key to lasting development As world leaders prepare to meet in New York later this month to discuss progress on the Millennium Development Goals, UNESCO s Education for All Global Monitoring
DRINKINGWATERCOVERAGE I n 2002, 83 per cent of the world s population around 5.2 billion people used improved drinking water sources. These include piped water connections and standpipes, as described
The adolescent birth rate is highest in Niger, Chad, Mali, and Mozambique, which are among the poorest countries on the continent. In these countries early marriage is common and the proportion of girls
EXPLORER HEALTH PLAN. Product Summary From 1 September 2013. bupa-intl.com. Insured by Working with Brokered by
Statement by H.E. Ellen Johnson Sirleaf President Republic of Liberia. and. Former Chair of the African Leaders Malaria Alliance.
Statement by H.E. Ellen Johnson Sirleaf President Republic of Liberia and Former Chair of the African Leaders Malaria Alliance At the Malaria Financing for a new Era: An Exceptional Case for Investment
Snapshot Report on Russia s Healthcare Infrastructure Industry According to UK Trade & Investment report, Russia will spend US$ 15bn in next 2 years to modernize its healthcare system. (Source: UK Trade
Medical Management Plan Togo OVERVIEW Company Mission Our mission is to encourage young people to volunteer for worthwhile work in developing countries. We expect that doing this kind of voluntary work
Developed Countries also known as industrialised. mining or agricultural sectors and which, therefore, Developing Countries Countries that generally
HH330 Unit 4 AoS1 Developed Countries also known as industrialised countries, are countries with well developed industry, mining or agricultural sectors and which, therefore, enjoy a healthy economy
What UK Aid Will Achieve For The World s Poorest People The UK has long been a world leader in international development. In recent years the UK s Department for International Development (DFID) has lifted
Health Care Challenges for the 21 st Century Between 1992 and 2002, overall health care spending rose from $827 billion to about $1.6 trillion; it is projected to nearly double to $3.1 trillion in the
UGANDA HEALTH CARE SYSTEM Community and Home based Rehabilitation Course Julius Kamwesiga KI May 2011 Objectives 1. Define a Health System 2. Describe how Ugandan Health care System is organized 3. Outline
Annex II Revised Millennium Development Goal monitoring framework, including new targets and indicators, as recommended by the Inter-Agency and Expert Group on Millennium Development Goal Indicators At
VII. IMPACT ON THE HEALTH SECTOR The HIV/AIDS epidemic has posed and will continue to pose tremendous challenges to the health systems of the developing countries, especially in the most severely affected
WHO in 60 years: a chronology of public health milestones In 2008, WHO is celebrating its 60 th anniversary. The chronology below tells the story of WHO and public health achievements over the last 60
AfricaSan: Second African Conference on Sanitation and Hygiene Durban, South Africa 18-20 February 2008
A Snapshot of Sanitation in Africa A special tabulation for AfricaSan based on preliminary data from the WHO/UNICEF Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation AfricaSan: Second African
THE GAP REPORT 2014 People aged 50 years and older The ageing of the world s population is one of the most significant demographic trends of this era, and there are a growing number of people aged 50 and
Building Partnerships for Aid Effectiveness 1. Introduction I would like to begin by expressing my gratitude to the Ugandan National Academy of Sciences for according me the honour of addressing this important
The Importance of Aid Fragmentation in Sub-Saharan Africa Tobias Pfutze, Oberlin College In its more than fifty year history, foreign aid has never suffered from a lack of big ideas, grand schemes, or
Cause of death. and premature mortality in Cape Town, Key findings SOUTH AFRICAN MEDICAL RESEARCH COUNCIL
Cause of death and premature mortality in Cape Town, 21-26 Key findings SOUTH AFRICAN MEDICAL RESEARCH COUNCIL The report is a collaborative effort between the City of Cape Town, the Department of Health
Why Accept Medicaid Dollars: The Facts If we accept federal Medicaid dollars, nearly 500,000 North Carolinians will gain access to health insurance. As many as 1,100 medically unnecessary deaths per year
cambodia Maternal, Newborn AND Child Health and Nutrition situation Between 2000 and 2010, Cambodia has made significant progress in improving the health of its children. The infant mortality rate has
Kidney Disease What YOU need to know International Society of Nephrolo Advancing Nephrology around t A briefing on the global impact of kidney disease - from the International Society of Nephrology Awareness
-South trading relationship By Andrew Partridge 1 [1] This Brief documents the trading relationship between South and the rest of the n continent from 1996 to 2012. The analysis uses data sourced from
1 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY The availability of appropriately trained, well-deployed and motivated human resources is critical for an efficiently functioning, sustainable health system. Health workers with the
HIV-AIDS: How can we prevent its increase? Hey everyone, we are Sarah Duff and Eilidh Farquhar and we will be chairing the Health Committees for the fast-approaching conference in March! We've both been
Universal Health Coverage: Concepts and Principles David B Evans, Director Health Systems Financing Outline Universal Coverage: definitions and the state of the world Health financing systems for Universal
Tuberculosis the disease, its treatment TBand prevention TUBERCULOSIS TB (tuberculosis) is an infectious disease that usually affects the lungs, although it can affect almost any part of the body. About
Goal 6: Combat HIV/AIDS, malaria and other diseases Africa s progress in the fight against HIV/AIDS, TB and malaria is being sustained even stepped up. This is noteworthy as there are worrying signs of
UNICEF in South Africa A message from the Representative 47,900,000 people live in South Africa 20,200,000 are children 294,000 children are HIV-positive 1 in 17 children die before their fifth birthday
Health in Ethiopia has improved markedly in the last decade, with government leadership playing a key role in mobilizing resources and ensuring that they are used effectively. A central feature of the
China s 12th Five-Year Plan: Healthcare sector May 2011 KPMG CHINA One of the guiding principles of the 12th Five-Year Plan (5YP) is inclusive growth : helping ensure that the benefits of the country s
Public Private Partnerships 21st Century Development Models March 2013 Harnessing Innovation and Inclusiveness for Global Health Executive Summary Today s challenges and the post-2015 development goals
Questions and Answers on Universal Health Coverage and the post-2015 Framework How does universal health coverage contribute to sustainable development? Universal health coverage (UHC) has a direct impact
International Social Security Association Afric ISSA Meeting of Directors of Social Security Organizations in Asia and the Pacific Seoul, Republic of Korea, 9-11 November 2005 Current challenges in delivering
The un-wired continent: s mobile success story The views expressed are those of the author and may not necessarily reflect the opinions of the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) or its Members.
Table 5: HIV/AIDS statistics for Africa (excluding North Africa), 2001 and 2009 Year People living with HIV (million) People newly infected with HIV (million) Children living with HIV (million) AIDS-related
Dispatch No. 5 1 December 2014 World AIDS Day: Most African governments win high marks for efforts to fight HIV/AIDS Afrobarometer Dispatch No. 5 Samantha Richmond, Carolyn Logan, and Brian Howard Summary
The role of private sector in health care: challenging the myths Catherine Olier 25 October 2012 Health in developing countries KEY NUMBERS: 6.9 million children > 5 died in 2011, early 800 every hour
FOREWORD. Member States in 2014 places patients and communities at the heart of the response. Here is an introduction to the End TB Strategy.
FOREWORD We stand at a crossroads as the United Nations move from the 2015 Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for 2030. Integral to this transition, the world
SUMMARY- REPORT on CAUSES of DEATH: 2001-03 in INDIA Background: Long-term mortality measurement by cause, gender and geographic area has been the requirement of every country. With this in view, Medical
BARACK OBAMA S PLAN FOR A HEALTHY AMERICA: Lowering health care costs and ensuring affordable, high-quality health care for all The U.S. spends $2 trillion on health care every year, and offers the best
Financing Education for All in Sub Saharan Africa: Progress and Prospects Albert Motivans Education for All Working Group Paris, 3 February 211 1 Improving the coverage and quality of education finance
Economic Growth Rate The World Bank GDP growth rates in developing countries are on average higher than those in developed countries. Over the 1965-99 period, the average annual growth rate was 4.1 percent
A proposal for measures under Norwegian foreign and international development policy to combat the global health workforce crisis
A proposal for measures under Norwegian foreign and international development policy to combat the global health workforce crisis Report by the workgroup headed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, with
1 For Immediate Release: April 2010 Issue 2010 Volume 5 Contact: Lisa R. Nelson, Esq. (858) Health Care Reform: Answers for Employers The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) (PL ), along with its companion bill, the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 (HCEARA) (H.R. 4872) were signed into law March 23, 2010 and March 30, 2010, respectively. This new sweeping health care reform legislation is just the beginning. Over the next few years the various responsible regulatory agencies will draft and issue regulations that will define, clarify and implement the provisions of the PPACA and HCEARA. In the meantime, Barney & Barney will be there to guide employers through the maze and provide answers based on the information currently available. Below are some of the questions Barney & Barney received during the Health Care Reform Webinar hosted April 8, 2010 by Lisa R. Nelson, Esq., Director of Compliance & Regulatory Affairs. Answers reflect Barney & Barney s current understanding of the new law and are not intended as legal advice. Employers should consult with their legal counsel for guidance regarding compliance with the new law. HEALTH INSURANCE MARKET REFORM Q: Regarding immunizations, we found that while our plan currently says that there is no co-pay, some doctor's offices code immunizations as either a doctor visit or a nurse visit and charge the co-pay. Will this preventative coverage change eliminate this practice? A: Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Based on current understanding, any mandated preventative coverage must have no participant cost-sharing (i.e., co pays). Q: Is there any restriction on employee cost sharing for non-preventative care? A: Yes. Beginning January 1, 2014, the maximum out-of-pocket per participant per year will be limited to the maximum out-of-pocket for Health Savings Account (HSA)-compatible High Deductible Health Plans (e.g., for 2010 that limit is $5,950/$11,900). Q: For PPOs with an annual deductible (where the employee pays the first $1,000 out-of-pocket before benefits are paid by the plan), does the preventative coverage mandate apply to them? A: Yes, the preventative coverage mandate does apply. The deductible must be waived, and there must be no coinsurance or copays for qualified preventative services. Q: What constitutes preventative care? A: Evidenced-based items or services with a rating of A or B in the current recommendations of the U.S. Preventative Services Task Force; immunizations recommended by the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; for infants, children and adolescents: preventative care and screenings provided for in the comprehensive guidelines supported by the Health Resources and Services Administration; for women: preventative services and screenings recommended by the U.S. Prevention Task Force regarding mammography, breast cancer screenings and any other recommendations issued. Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. 1
2 Q: Relative to provider choice -where an enrollee can choose any provider in the network as the Primary Care Physician (PCP) - can enrollees choose a cardiologist, immunologist, etc., as their PCP, or only an internist or family practice healthcare provider? A: Based on current understanding, enrollees may choose any in-network provider as their PCP when the plan requires designation of a PCP. Logic suggests some specialists would be excluded; however, additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Q: Does guaranteed issue/renewability contain any pricing controls? A: Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Beginning January 1, 2014, insurance companies in the small group and individual markets will be required to charge the same premiums for all individuals, taking into consideration only factors related to age, smoking status, plan design and the geographic region of the individuals insured. Q: What is the effective date for the insurance market reform provisions? A: The first day of the plan year on or after September 23, If your plan year is January 1, 2011, this will be the effective date for these provisions (insurance market reform provisions apply to fully-insured and selffunded small group, large group and individual plans): lifetime limits prohibited; annual limits restricted; rescissions prohibited; preexisting condition exclusions prohibited for children under age 19; children coverage up to age 26; preventative coverage cost-sharing prohibited; discrimination prohibited; appeals process required; and primary care provider choice expanded. Q: What increases in renewal premiums are you seeing since the Acts were passed? A: The Acts were passed just a couple weeks ago. None of the provisions are effective yet. Costs are expected to go up. When costs will go up and by how much is still unknown. Q: Are the annual maximum on out-of-pocket limits based only on premium out-of- pocket cost or does it include co-pays for services? A: The restriction on out-of-pocket maximums effective January 1, 2014 does not appear to apply to premiums paid by employees; only to deductibles, copays and coinsurance. Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. DEPENDENT COVERAGE Q: Do adult children up to age 26 who want to remain on their parent s group health plan have to be covered on their parent taxes in order to be covered? A: No. If the group health plan offers dependent coverage, they must offer coverage up to age 26, regardless as to whether the adult child is a tax dependent, student, or unmarried. Q: Will early retiree plans that do not currently offer dependent coverage be required to offer dependent coverage up to age 26? A: No. There is no requirement for early retiree plans or any other plan to offer or pay for dependent coverage. Where a plan does offer dependent coverage, they must offer dependent coverage up to the age of 26. There is no requirement for the former employer to pay any of the premiums for early retirees or their spouses or dependents. Q: Do dependents (adult children) age 18 to age 26 have to be full-time students to qualify for coverage under their parent s health plan? A: Adult children do not have to be students in order to be eligible for coverage on their parent s health plan. 2
3 Q: Can the adult child be married and still be eligible for coverage on their parent s plan? A: Yes. The adult child is eligible whether married or not. The spouse of the adult child is not eligible for coverage on the parent-in-law s health plan. Q: If a plan currently offers coverage to the children of domestic partners, will it be required to offer coverage to domestic partner s children up to age 26? A: Plans that offers dependent coverage, must offer dependent coverage up to age 26. We can presume this includes dependent coverage for domestic partner s children where such coverage is offered. Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Note: The domestic partner coverage is generally regulated by the State. The new federal laws do not impact state requirements regarding domestic partners. FLEX SPENDING ACCOUNTS (FSA) AND HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS (HSA) Q: Does the $2,500 cap on FSA contributions apply per employee or does the cap apply to the employee and dependents combined? A: The cap is the total pre-tax amount permitted per employee account. Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Q: Is the $2,500 FSA limit applicable only to the Medical FSA, and not the Dependent Care FSA? A: Yes, the limit currently appears to only apply to the Medical FSA. Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Q: Are there any changes to HSAs? A: Yes. HSA distributions for non-qualified health care expenses will be taxed at 20% beginning January 1, In addition, beginning January 1, 2011, over-the-counter medications and medical devices dispensed without a doctor s prescription will no longer be qualified health care expenses. EMPLOYER MANDATE Q: We are an employer with over 500 employees. Does the new law mandate coverage of all full-time employees? A: Employers with more than 51 full-time (FT) and full-time equivalent (FTE) employees must provide affordable, minimum essential coverage to their FT/FTE beginning January 1, 2014 OR- they may be subject to a penalty if one or more employees seek a premium assistance subsidy in order to obtain coverage through a state-based Exchange. In addition, the new law will require employers with more than 200 employees to automatically enroll their FT employees in their medical plans. Employees may decline the coverage only if they provide proof annually that they are covered under another employer s medical benefits plan. Q: How is full-time employee defined? A: Full-time employees work 30 or more hours per week. Seasonal and temporary employees may be exempt. Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Q: Are the penalties (i.e., $2,000 per employee or $3,000 per employee that received premium assistance, whichever is less) levied annually or monthly? A: Annually. Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Q: How do employers with 200 or more employees automatically enroll new employees into their group health plan if the employee doesn t provide the required information? A. Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. 3
4 Q: Are employers required to offer free choice vouchers to part-time employees eligible for the employer s group health plan? A: No. The employer mandate provisions only apply to full-time employees. Q: How does an employer determine the employee s household income as required to determine eligibility for a free choice voucher and in determining eligibility for participation in the Exchange due to unaffordable coverage (e.g., unaffordable coverage is defined as coverage with an employee premium that is more than 8-9.5% of the employee s household income or where the total covered cost does not exceed 60%)? A: Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. The employer is not required to determine Exchange eligibility. The Exchange will make this determination. Q: Will employees be taxed on the amount of the free choice voucher or excess monies left over from the free choice voucher? A: No. The voucher and the excess monies are tax-free. Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Q: We are an employer with less than 50 employees. We currently offer a plan where we pay 100% of the employees cost. Are we penalized if we do not cover any portion of dependents cost? A: The employer mandate does not apply to you since you have less than 50 employees. Employers with 51 or more full-time and full-time equivalent employees will be subject to the employer mandate. Paying for dependent coverage is not required. Q: What if we decide not to offer health insurance to any employee? A: Beginning January 1, 2014, employers with more than 50 employees that do not offer coverage to their employees may be subject to a fine of $2,000 per employee (excluding the first 30 employees). The penalty will apply only after at least one employee seeks premium assistance through a state-based Exchange. Q: Will the employer mandate apply to temporary, seasonal and leased employees? A: Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Seasonal and temporary employees appear to be left out of these rules. Leased employees are included in the definition of a full-time employee. Q: The employer mandate requires offered coverage to be affordable (i.e., the employee s premium is less than 9.5% of the household income OR- covered at least 60% of the total costs. Does this include spouses and children? A: Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. At this time, there is no requirement to cover spouses or dependents. Q: If our company s current definition of a full-time employees is 32 hours worked per week (or more), are we required to change our policy to redefine full-time as those working 30 hours per week (or more)? A: Yes. For purposes of applying the employer mandate, full-time will be considered those working 30 hours or more per week. Again, the employer mandates and penalties only apply to employers with more than 50 employees. Q: In determining FTE, what if employees work different hours every week (i.e., sometimes 30 or more, and sometimes less). How will we keep track of eligibility- on a monthly or yearly basis? A: Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. We suspect the regulations will specify the average number of hours worked over some prior time period such as a month, quarter or year. 4
5 NOTICE & REPORTING REQUIREMENTS Q: Does reporting the values of employer health coverage on Form W-2 mean that the coverage will be considered taxable income to the employee? A: No. The value of coverage will not be taxable. The intention is to increase transparency and assist with cost effectiveness research. Q: Does the cost of coverage included on the Form W2 include the cost of dental and vision coverages? A: Yes. The cost of coverage reported on the Form W2 will include medical, dental and vision, but not FSA or HRA. GRANDFATHERED PLANS Q: Is a change in providers considered a plan design change which would eliminate an employer s grandfathered plan status? A: Any change in carriers, co-pays, plan design, etc., will eliminate the employer s grandfathered plan status. A change in health care providers on behalf of the employee would not constitute a plan design change. Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Q: Plans typically renew annually with new rates but no change in coverage; does that mean that we lose grandfather plan status? A: Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. SMALL BUSINESS Q: What is the definition of small business? A: For purposes of participating in the Exchange and eligibility for the small business wellness grants, small business is defined as having fewer than 100 full-time or full-time equivalent employees. For the purpose of the small business tax credit, small business is defined as employers with fewer than 25 full-time or full-time equivalent employees meeting the annual average wage requirements. Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Q: We are an S corporation paying for about 80% of our employees health coverage. We currently deduct the cost from our business income. How is the Business Tax credit different now? In addition to the deduction we take for the cost, will we now be eligible for the additional tax credit? A: Small businesses meeting the small business tax credit criteria (i.e., having less than 25 employees and an average annual wage of less than $50,000 AND- where the employer pays at least 50% of the cost of coverage) will be eligible for a general business tax credit to offset premium costs. You may not deduct from your business expenses the cost of these health costs for amounts in which you received a tax credit. FEDERAL LONG-TERM CARE PROGRAM (CLASS) Q: What does CLASS stand for? A: Community Living Assistance Services & Supports Act. Q: Is the $65 payroll deduction for CLASS a monthly or annual deduction? A: Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Logic would suggest monthly. 5
6 FINANCING Q: Will the 40% excise Cadillac tax on plans with premiums in excess of $10,200 (individuals)/$27,500 (families) increase between now and when the provision becomes effective in 2018? A: Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. The amounts were based on assumptions for premium increases between 2010 and If the assumptions prove incorrect, adjustments likely will be made. Q: On the Cadillac tax, can you expand on how the FSA is included in that. Not all employees elect the FSA, so how do we include that? A: Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. At this time, the understanding is that the cost of coverage for medical, FSA, HSA, HRA and supplemental coverages is to be included in the premium threshold calculation. Q: Are the Cadillac tax thresholds based on premiums only or an overall value of the plan? A: The premium threshold is based on the total amount of premiums in excess of the threshold amount. Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Q: On the excise Cadillac tax that begins January 1, 2018, is the 40% including the employee portion? Do we still get the Section 125 benefit? A: The 40% excise tax is the amount of tax applied to any premium amounts that exceed the threshold amount (i.e., $10,200 for individuals and $27,500 for families). The premium threshold includes the total premium amount, including the employee portion. There will be no changes to the IRC 125 cafeteria plan tax treatment of these plans. Q: For the Medicare Part A payroll tax increase, when is that tax calculated? We may have employees who may not have made the $200,000 (individual)/$250,000(family) mark until the end of the year. A: The Medicare Part A payroll tax increase is effective January 1, Additional regulatory guidance is needed to clarify this provision. Q: Does the Medicare Part A payroll tax of 3.8% on unearned income only applies to those making over $200,000 (individual)/$250,000(family) annually? A: Yes. ADDITIONAL GUIDANCE Barney & Barney will provide updates and further guidance as it becomes available. If you have any questions, contact your Barney & Barney representative. For more information, see: Barney & Barney LLC is a California based privately held risk management and insurance brokerage firm providing solutions, services and products in commercial property and casualty insurance, employee benefits, workers compensation, executive personal lines, and surety for the past 100 years. The firm also offers value added services in alternative risk financing, business continuity and loss control. 6
Health Care Reform Page 1 of 6 Health Care Reform Immediatemmediate Employer Action Required Notes Employers must provide a reasonable break time for employees who are nursing mothers to express breast
Health Care Reform How it Will Affect Employers and their Group Health Plans. Benecon Comments and Observations
Health Care Reform How it Will Affect Employers and their Group Health Plans This Health Care Reform Summary applies to all employers (including government and church plans) that provide health coverage
Preparing for Health Care Reform A Chronological Guide for Employers This Article provides an overview of the major provisions of health care reform legislation affecting employers and explains the requirements
THE PATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT and THE RECONCILIATION ACT On Sunday, March 21 st, the U. S. House of Representatives passed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (H. R. 3590) by
The Impact on Business Affordable Care Act Reform addresses access to coverage not healthcare cost or population health ACA passed in 2010. The Supreme Court upheld ACA in 2012 and President Obama was
Health Care Reform Frequently Asked Questions On March 23, 2010, President Obama signed federal health care reform into law, also known as the Patient Protection and Affordability Act. A second, or reconciliation
Healthcare Reform Provisions Unique to Small Employers/Financial and Other Benefits Concerns for All Employers (updated May 2, 2014)
/Financial and Other Benefits Concerns for All Employers (updated May 2, 2014) Lisa L. Carlson, J.D., Area Senior Vice President, Compliance Counsel Gallagher Benefit Services, Inc. While most healthcare
Health Reform in a Nutshell: What Small Businesses Need to Know Now. With the passage of the most significant reform of America s modern-day health care system, many small business owners and human resources
Chart: Key employer health care reform elements Health care reform with major implications for employers has now become law, with a package of revisions heading for Senate action. The approved measure
Health care reform at-a-glance August 2014 Employer mandate Shared responsibility payment for failing to offer coverage to at least 95%* of all fulltime employees (FTE) and children if any FTE gets subsidy
Updated with information on the Supreme Court health reform decision July 2012 Health Reform: A Guide for Employers Simple answers to health reform s complex issues facing every employer and what you can
The Large Business Guide to Health Care Law How the new changes in health care law will affect you and your employees Table of contents Introduction 3 Part I: A general overview of the health care law
InSight. A Littler Mendelson Report. Health Care Reform: Are You Prepared? A Timeline for Employers to Follow
A Littler Mendelson Report InSight An Analysis of Recent Developments & Trends In This Issue: April 2010 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was signed into law on March 23, 2010. Amendments
October 13, 2010 Health Care Reform Planning for the Financial Impact on Businesses Joseph Kra, FSA, MAAA, New York Services provided by Health & Benefits LLC Agenda Future of Employer Sponsored Coverage
Health Reform Presented by USI Affinity USI Affinity Introduction USI Affinity has been working with Associations and their members for over 50 years. USI Affinity has offices in Philadelphia, Harrisburg,
Simple answers to health reform s complex issues facing every employer, and what you can do now to protect your business and your future.
Simple answers to health reform s complex issues facing every employer, and what you can do now to protect your business and your future. If you have any questions, please contact: Health Reform: A Guide
Health Reform Employer Penalty Delay: What are the Consequences? Martin Haitz (484) 270-2575 martin.haitz@marcumfs.com Issued date: 07/29/13 The employer penalty provisions and two reporting requirements
December 2013 Employer mandate Play or pay penalty for failing to offer coverage to at least 95% of all full-time employees (FTE) and children if any FTE gets subsidy in exchange $2,000 (indexed) times
Health Care Reform Checklist: Provisions, Obstacles and Solutions HEALTH CARE REFORM PROVISION: COVERAGE FOR CHILDREN UNTIL AGE 26 Summary of Benefit: Benefits are the same as those for other dependent
HEALTH CARE REFORM FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Consumers When will the health care reform law take effect? The health insurance reforms adopted as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
A Digital Benefit Advisors Health Care Reform Handbook for Employers Health care reform is complicated. Sifting through all the regulations and provisions can be time-consuming and confusing. That s why
This page provides answers to frequently asked questions (FAQ) regarding The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA; P.L. 111-148) and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010
1 Sandy Wood, CEBS (Certified Employee Benefit Specialist) Healthcare Consultant sandy@thebenefitsacademy.com 206-669-3345 2 Terms you need to know Required Notices 2014 Plan Requirements The Grandfathered
Keeping up with the new health care reform law. Helping you better understand what to expect and when to expect it. anthem.com/ca 14376CAEENABC 8/10
Keeping up with the new health care reform law Helping you better understand what to expect and when to expect it. 14376CAEENABC 8/10 anthem.com/ca 1 Staying up to date Here s a timeline of what you can
Health care reform: Past, present and future. Manufacturer & Business Association September 25, 2013
Health care reform: Past, present and future Manufacturer & Business Association September 25, 2013 Agenda Health Care Reform - The Past - The Present - Coverage - Exchanges - The Future Questions 1 The
HEALTH CARE REFORM DOCUMENT FROM THE WEBSITE OF BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD OF NORTH DAKOTA Frequently Asked Questions I ve heard the federal government launched a new website called Healthcare.gov. How can
22 About questions the Affordable Care Act: What Colorado Businesses Need to Know 1 What is the Affordable Care Act? Who is impacted (small, large businesses and self-insured)? The Patient Protection and
Your guide to health care reform provisions February 2014 edition Since the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) was enacted in March 2010, businesses have been impacted by federal health
Brought to you by Krempa Associates, Inc. Important Effective Dates for Employers and Health Plans On March 23, 2010, President Obama signed the health care reform bill, or Affordable Care Act (ACA), into
A Digital Insurance Health Care Reform Handbook for Employers Health care reform is complicated. Sifting through all the regulations and provisions can be time-consuming and confusing. That s why Digital
Brought to you by Sullivan Benefits Important Effective Dates for Employers and Health Plans On March 23, 2010, President Obama signed the health care reform bill, or Affordable Care Act (ACA), into law.
Brought to you by Hipskind Seyfarth Risk Solutions Important Effective Dates for Employers and Health Plans On March 23, 2010, President Obama signed the health care reform bill, or Affordable Care Act
FAQ New Health Insurance Law (Enacted on March 21, signed into law on March 23, and amended on March 25) On March 23, 2010 President Barack Obama signed the Patient Protection & Affordable Care Act (H.R.
What the Health Care Reform Bill Means to Employers No doubt you have heard the news that on Tuesday, March 23, 2010, President Obama signed into law sweeping health care overhaul legislation. This followed
August 14, 2013 Presented by: Jay Hutto, CPA Prescribed Side Effects of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA): Healthcare Reform Update Click HERE to listen to webinar. August 14, 2013
Selected Employer Provisions in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010
Selected Employer Provisions in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 This chart outlines, in depth, selected provisions in the Patient
Timeline of New Health Care Law and Its Impact on American Businesses Summaries of the Patient Protection and Affordable Health Care Act (Public Law 111-148) Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act
Health Care Reform Implications for Employers with Seasonal Employees Many industries (e.g. ski resorts, retail, restaurants, agriculture, fishing and tourism) have a significant number of seasonal employees.
ICCMHC Winter Conference February 17, 2011 Managing Health Care Reform Benefit Changes within your Own Organization John F. Gause, President jgause@apexbg.com Overview Health Care Reform - Short Term Impact
Section 2: INDIVIDUALS WHO CURRENTLY HAVE COVERAGE OR AN OFFER OF COVERAGE FROM THEIR EMPLOYER Section 2 covers enrollment issues for individuals who have coverage or an offer of coverage whether through
Health Care Reform Management Alert Series Roadmap of Plan Changes Needed For Upcoming Plan Years Seyfarth Shaw has generously given permission to Lawyers Alliance for New York to circulate this chart
Healthcare Reform: Top 10 Issues for Employers presented by Thomas A. Walker (612) 604-6568 twalker@winthrop.com Are Companies Required to Provide Health Coverage to Employees? NO requirement to provide
Key Provisions of 2010 Healthcare Reform Legislation for Small (under 50) Employers. By Alice Eastman Helle. October 2013 Update
Key Provisions of 2010 Healthcare Reform Legislation for Small (under 50) Employers By Alice Eastman Helle October 2013 Update The sweeping healthcare reform legislation enacted in 2010 is exceedingly
Answers about Health Care REFORM for your business Since the time of its enactment in 2010, the health care reform law has remained controversial at least in part due to a constitutional challenge to the
From Baugher Financial & Associates, Inc. Health Care Reform: General Q&A for Employees Common questions answered I ve heard a lot about the health care reform law. When do the reforms become effective?
HEALTH CARE REFORM CHECKLIST As a small employer, you need to be aware of the new regulations tied to the Affordable Care Act. Refer to this checklist to ensure you understand each one and that you re
JANUARY2011 National Health Insurance Reform Impact Year by Year With the passage of National Health Insurance Reform it is crucial that employers and plan sponsors have clear information about the impact
Group Health Insurance Q & A HEALTH CARE REFORM: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (Group, Individual, Seasonal) 1. Will small employers continue to have 12 month rates as they exist today? a. Yes. Employer groups
Grandfathered policies Q1: What is grandfathered health plan coverage? A: The interim final rule on grandfathering under ACA generally defines grandfathered health plan coverage as coverage provided by
Private Health Insurance: Changes Made by the Reconciliation Act of 2010 to Senate-Passed H.R. 3590 Hinda Chaikind Specialist in Health Care Financing Bernadette Fernandez Analyst in Health Care Financing
Preparing for 2015. A compliance and decision guide for large (more than 50 employees) private, government, and not-for-profit employers
Preparing for 2015 A compliance and decision guide for large (more than 50 employees) private, government, and not-for-profit employers 1 This guide is intended to provide information to help employers
BLOG» The IRS and its 46 new powers to enforce ObamaCare June 5, 2013 The power granted to the IRS to enforce ObamaCare s mandates, taxes, penalties, reporting, and other requirements is unprecedented.
What an employer should know about Health Presented By David L. Fear, Sr. RHU NAHU Education Foundation Sponsored by PPACA - history Signed into law in March, 2010 2,700 page rough draft became the law
Small Businesses No Financial Requirements for Small Businesses: The ACA imposes no financial requirements for small businesses to contribute to their employees health insurance. However, beginning in
American employers need prompt action on these six significant challenges. We urge Congress and the administration to address them now.
In June 2014, the Board of Directors of the American Benefits Council (the Council) approved a long-term public policy strategic plan, A 2020 Vision: Flexibility and the Future of Employee Benefits. It
FAQ Affordable Care Act s Employer Mandate: Deciding Whether Your Organization Should Pay or Play Editor s Note: On April 17, 2013, WorldatWork hosted the second webinar of a three-part town-hall series
Employee Benefits Update Including PPACA Christine Burke Worthen, Esq. Assistant General Counsel Eastern Maine Healthcare Systems Brewer, Maine Recap: PPACA Provisions Already in Effect (2011 Plan Year)
Marjorie M. Glover and Rachel M. Kurth Employee Benefit Plan Review Reprinted from April 2010 Health Care Reform: How It May Impact Employers, Employees, and Benefit Plans Health care reform is once again
Bankers Insurance, LLC Your Health Care Reform Partner Are you in compliance with health care reform regulations? We can help you stay on top of health care reform to avoid penalties from legislative briefs
Effective dates for provisions of the PPACA are spread out from 2010 through 2018. This document focuses on 2013 and 2014.
As part of our ongoing initiative to provide added value to our customers, this health care reform summary is being provided on an information only basis. This is NOT a legal document and is not intended
on Health Reform Passing comprehensive health care reform has been a priority of the President and Congress. The U.S. House of Representatives passed the Affordable Health Care for America Act on November
{PPACA: Update} Not for Profit December 11 & 12, 2013 Agenda Plans that must comply Reforms currently in place 2013 compliance deadlines 2014 compliance deadlines Future compliance deadlines 2 Plans That
A SUMMARY OF HEALTH REFORM The passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (herein collectively referred to
HEALTH CARE REFORM FOR BUSINESSES Grandfathered Health Plans. We will start with information on health plans that were in existence on March 23, 2010 (i.e., the enactment date of the Affordable Care Act).
q individual market q small group market Small Business Tax Credits Small Business Wellness Grants q large group market Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies are committed to working with the Administration
Frequently Asked Questions Q. Will my business be required to provide employee health insurance under the health care law? A. The law does not mandate employers provide employees health care coverage.
Advisory. The Health Care Reform Bill: How Will Its Tax Provisions Impact You and Your Business? April 2010. Impact on Employers
certified public accountants business consultants Advisory April 2010 The Health Care Reform Bill: How Will Its Tax Provisions Impact You and Your Business? The recently passed Patient Protection and Affordable
updated with new grandfather rules issued june 14, 2010 Health Reform: A Guide for Employers Simple answers to health reform s complex issues facing every employer and what you can do now to protect your
Health Care Reform: 2015 Refresher of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) Brought to you by Aon Presented by: Ryan Comstock & Shawna Brown This information is provided for informational purposes only and is
Affordable Care Act Employee Education Packet Your Health Plan Options under the Affordable Care Act The Affordable Care Act (ACA) requires that most Americans be covered under a health plan by January
2015-2016: What You Need To Know About The Affordable Care Act A nonprofit independent licensee of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association National strength. Local focus. Individual care. SM We are committed
Coinsurance A percentage of a health care provider's charge for which the patient is financially responsible under the terms of the policy.
Glossary of Health Insurance Terms On March 23, 2010, President Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) into law. When making decisions about health coverage, consumers should
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS QUALIFIED HIGH DEDUCTIBLE HEALTH PLAN WITH A HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT Qualified High Deductible Health Plans (QHDHP) What is a QHDHP? A QHDHP is a medical plan regulated by the
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Federal Health Reform: Impact on Small- and Medium-Sized Employers. Prepared by: Ashley Cohen, MPH September 16, 2010!!!!!
Federal Health Reform: Impact on Small- and Medium-Sized Employers Prepared by: Ashley Cohen, MPH September 16, 2010 Small- and Medium-Sized Employers 2 Background On March 23, 2010, President Barack Obama
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS What is an HSA? A health savings account (HSA) is a tax-favored savings account created for the purpose of paying medical expenses. Tax-deductible Contributions
Brought to you by Good Neighbor Insurance Self-insured Plans under Health Care Reform The Affordable Care Act (ACA) includes numerous reforms affecting the health coverage that employers provide to their
Nevada Employer s Guide to the Affordable Care Act Nevada Division of Insurance Nevada Employer s Guide to the Affordable Care Act State of Nevada Department of Business and Industry Division of Insurance
Healthcare Reform: The Top 10 Issues for Employers By Thomas A. Walker Winthrop & Weinstine, P.A. Healthcare reform became reality this spring when President Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable
FLORIDA HEALTH CARE COALITION Orlando-based 501c3 non-profit, established 29 years ago Provide education, research and program development support to our members Focus on quality improvement, first and
Brought to you by Cottingham & Butler Self-insured Plans under Health Care Reform The Affordable Care Act (ACA) includes numerous reforms affecting the health coverage that employers provide to their employees.
HEALTH REFORM UPDATE GRANDFATHERED GROUP HEALTH PLANS August 3, In July, the Departments of Treasury, Labor, and Health and Human Services jointly released the Interim Final Rules for Group Health Plans
Employer s guide to health care reform requirements June 2015 edition As the Affordable Care Act (ACA) continues to be implemented, you ll need to remain aware of the policies and provisions that affect
1 Monday 8 th November 2010 PROGRAM CORE GROUP 1 Italy/ CORE GROUP 2 Portugal 09:15 Arrival and registration of participants at the Conference room Orange 1, floor minus 1 at Ergife Palace Hotel 09:30 Opening of the seminar Alessandro Pepe, President of the IX Commission of the High Council of the Judiciary 09:45 Introduction to the seminar Lorenzo Salazar, Italian Ministry of Justice Marco Alma, Judge Commissione Parlamentare Antimafia 10:00 Study of cases/ Drafting of requests (separate rooms) 11:00 Coffee break 11:30 Continuation with the Study of cases/ Drafting of requests (separate rooms) 13:00 Lunch at Ergife Palace 15:00 Drafting of request continued (separate rooms) 16:00 Plenary session: National particularities of issuing Chaired by Filippo Spiezia, Deputy National Member to the Italian Desk at EUROJUST Contributions by: Observers comments 1
2 17:00 Coffee break 17:30 Using EU tools to improve the issuing of an EAW and MLA request: EJN, Eurojust, CARIN Filippo Spiezia, Deputy National Member to the Italian Desk at EUROJUST 18:00 End of first day 20:00 Dinner at Ergife Palace Tuesday 9 th November :15 Arrival of participants 09:30 Executing of an EAW and MLA request (separate rooms) 11:00 Coffee break 11:30 Continuation with the Executing of an EAW and MLA request (separate rooms) 13:00 Lunch at Ergife Palace CHAIR: Cornelia Riehle, Course Director, ERA- Academy of European Law 15:00 Problems with judicial cooperation today and future solutions: Concurring jurisdictions, transfer of criminal proceedings and enforcement of foreign sentences in the EU. Professor Wolfgang Schomburg (Durham University, UK).International Cooperation in Criminal Matters. Former judge of ICTY/ICTR and German Federal High Court 2
4 This event is a part of simultaneous sets of seminars. Further events are being organized in 2011 and 2012 in several EU Member States with different Core Groups and Observers participants from EU. Programme may be subject to amendment. For programme updates: CONTENTS. To promote judicial cooperation with the aim of contributing to the creation of a genuine European area of justice in criminal matters based on mutual confidence, EJTN has organised a series of simultaneous sets of seminars in different venues across Member States. Through simulations and hypothetical situations written by expert commentators, each of the seminars will examine the progress of cases both nationally and involving cross-border judicial cooperation and in applying EU mutual recognition instruments. By means of practical cases, delegates will learn about the practical questions that arise under their own legal system and moreover, under the systems of their colleagues in other Member States when executing a European Arrest Warrant or requesting Mutual Legal Assistance. The seminars will require strong interactivity between the participants divided in 2 Core Groups having a national component in each seminar. The Core Group 1 composed of magistrates who are nationals from the Hosting country (IT) and the Core Group 2 composed of magistrates from the sending country (PT). Participants from other EU countries will be distributed between the two Core Groups of an operative unit and will act as observers who produce comments on the practical cases according to their national systems. Finally the seminar aims to providing delegates with an in-depth knowledge of European Criminal Law in areas to be chosen from the EJTN curriculum on European Criminal Law. A comprehensive overview of the work of EUROJUST and the European Judicial Network and their contribution to the process of international judicial co-operation in matters related to European Criminal Law will be examined. The seminars will be assisted by EU and national experts, EJN contact points comprising in the Core Groups as well as Eurojust. The working language will be English. BENEFICIARIES. 4
5 The seminar will address judges and prosecutors as follows: 15 from Italy as Core Group (1) including a member of the European Judicial Network, 15 from Portugal as Core Group (2) including a member of the European Judicial Network and as Observers from CZ (1), NL ( 2), FI (1), ES (2), UK (1) FR (1). Please contact your national Member ( to apply for the selection procedure. For further information: Monica Marti, EJTN Secretariat, Tel SPEAKERS AND CHAIR PERSONS. Joana Gomes Ferreira, Prosecutor, General Prosecutor Office of the Republic Eugenio Selvaggi, Prosecutor, Deputy Prosecutor General before the Court of Appeal Filippo Spiezia, Deputy National Member to the Italian Desk at EUROJUST Professor Wolfgang Schomburg (Durham University, UK).International Cooperation in Criminal Matters. Former judge of ICTY/ICTR and German Federal High Court Lorenzo Salazar, Judge, Director of Office I-International Legislative Affairs Directorate General of Criminal Justice. Italian Ministry of Justice Petr Klement, Public prosecutor, Supreme Public Prosecutor s Office (Czech Republic) Marco Alma, Judge Commissione Parlamentare Antimafia Cornelia Riehle, Course Director, ERA- Academy of European Law With the support of the European Union Avec le soutien de l Union européenne 5
Monday 24 th October 2011 DRAFT PROGRAM CORE GROUP 1 Italy/ CORE GROUP 2 Spain 09:30 Opening of the seminar Franco Cassano, President of the IX Commission of the High Council of the Judiciary Luis S. Pereira,
EU project European Judicial Training for Court Staff and Bailiffs Legal English terminology in a National and European context 8-11 December 2015 * * * * Seminar Venue: EIPA Luxembourg European Centre
European judicial training 2014 Justice Europe Direct is a service to help you find answers to your questions about the European Union. Freephone number (*): 00 800 6 7 8 9 10 11 (*) Certain mobile telephone
European cooperation on judicial training for court staff and bailiffs. Regional seminars with national breakout sessions and other examples
European cooperation on judicial training for court staff and bailiffs Regional seminars with national breakout sessions and other examples Brussels, 30 October 2015 Jean-Philippe Rageade Deputy Director
EU Project European Judicial Training for Court Staff and Bailiffs Legal English terminology in a national and European context 8-11 December 2015 * * * * Seminar Venue : EIPA Luxembourg European Centre
EJTN LINGUISTICS SUB-GROUP GUIDELINES ON LINGUISTIC TRAINING ( October 2013) The European Judicial Training Network devotes a great deal of effort to designing linguistic projects for EU judges and prosecutors
Counter-terrorism and de-radicalisation: How to answer training needs of justice practitioners BRUSSELS (Congress Center Albert Borschette), 19-20 May 2016 This conference is co-organised with the European
REPORT ON THE EXCHANGE AND SUMMARY Instructions: 1. The report must be sent to the EJTN (exchanges@ejtn.eu) within one month after the exchange. 2. Please use the template below to write your report (recommended
EJTN in a Nutshell Dedicated to excellence in European judicial training 2000 to 2013 About EJTN EJTN is a non-profit international organisation founded in 2000 EJTN coordinates training programmes with
Seminar The European Professional Card Benefits and risks of new mobility procedures: Are we prepared? Barcelona, 3-4 December 2015 European Institute of Public Administration Institut européen d administration
Seminar Managing the EU Policy Cycle: A Comprehensive One-Week Course on EU Decision-Making in Practice Maastricht (NL), 29 June - 3 July 2015 European Institute of Public Administration Institut européen
INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION: MUTUAL LEGAL ASSISTANCE AND EXTRADITION Kenichi Kiyono Deputy Director, UNAFEI 1 It is indeed an honour and a pleasure for me to open the discussion at the sixth Regional Seminar
Seminar Internal and external AUDIT of the EU funded programmes and projects Structural Funds, Cohesion Fund and Instrument for Pre-accession Assistance Barcelona (ES), 28-30 April 2015 European Institute
Centre for The Centre for in Madrid originated from the so-called Judicial School that has trained members of the Judiciary and the Public Prosecution Service since 1944. In 1994, the school separated
LAW OF GEORGIA ON THE HIGH SCHOOL OF JUSTICE Chapter I General Provisions Article 1 Status, purpose and functions of the High School of Justice 1. The High School of Justice ('the School'), as a Legal
Seminar Internal and external AUDIT of the EU funded programmes and projects Structural Funds, Cohesion Fund and Instrument for Pre-accession Assistance Barcelona (ES), 24-26 November 2014 European Institute
Supporting Curriculum Development for the International Institute of Justice and the Rule of Law in Tunisia Sheraton Hotel, Brussels 10-11 April 2013
Seminar The Preliminary Ruling Procedure in Practice Luxembourg, 10-11 November 2011 European Institute of Public Administration European Centre for Judges and Lawyers Conference Venue European Centre
6 November 2015 4 TH REGIONAL CONFERENCE ON THE MEDICRIME CONVENTION With the participation of representatives from: Algeria, Belarus, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Iceland,
The Hague (NL), 19-20 May 2016 ACCESSING FILES. ACCESS DENIED! DATA ENCRYPTED. TARGET GROUP This conference is open to anyone who is dealing with privacy and security in an online environment. Europol
Tutorial EU Law for Non-Lawyers Luxembourg, 9-11 February 2015 European Institute of Public Administration European Centre for Judges and Lawyers Seminar venue European Centre for Judges and Lawyers, Building
Caroline Morgan, European Commission The new European directive on the rights to interpretation and translation in criminal proceedings 1 Introduction On 20 October 2010, the European Parliament and the
SURVEY ON THE TRAINING OF GENERAL CARE NURSES IN THE EUROPEAN UNION This survey serves as a background document for the discussion of the Commission's legislative proposal to modernize the minimum requirements
How to Select and Develop a Convincing Project Strategy for EU 2020 Funding: Do s & Don ts for Local and Regional Actors
EDITION 2014+ How to Select and Develop a Convincing Project Strategy for EU 2020 Funding: Do s & Don ts for Local and Regional Actors Barcelona (ES), 20-22 October 2014 European Institute of Public Administration
Summer School EU Law and its Implementation Luxembourg, 30 June - 11 July 2014 European Institute of Public Administration European Centre for Judges and Lawyers Introduction Seminar venue European Centre
FEDERALISM THE SYSTEM OF GOVERNMENT IN THE UNITED STATES In the United States, we are governed by both national and state governments and our rights are protected by state and federal Constitutions. Basically,
Training and Certification Programme for Data Protection Officers and Other Data Protection Professionals
Seminar Training and Certification Programme for Data Protection Officers and Other Data Protection Professionals Basic and Advanced Modules Maastricht (NL), 22-26 June 2015 European Institute of Public
Public hearing on the Green Paper on the protection under criminal law of the Communities financial interests and the establishment of a European Public Prosecutor. Brussels, 16 and 17 September 2002 Speech
Day 1: Lawyers Briefing Host and Venue: Wierzbowski Eversheds Sp.k., Warsaw With simultaneous Polish English and English Polish interpretation
UACES 35th Annual Conference and 10th Research Conference The European Union: Past and Future Enlargements. Zagreb, Croatia, 5-7 September 2005
UACES 35th Annual Conference and 10th Research Conference The European Union: Past and Future Enlargements Zagreb, Croatia, 5-7 September 2005 Sponsorship UACES, King s College London, Strand, London,
in partnership with Insiders Guide to EU Affairs 4 th - 7 th November 2014 Programme Level: Beginner For consultants, diplomats or advisors dealing with European affairs, public or government affairs or
Technology Centre ASCR, the Ministry of Education, Youth and Sports and the team of the FP7 MIRRIS project would like to invite you to the conference 13 th CZECH DAYS FOR EUROPEAN RESEARCH CZEDER 2015
Final Programme The Road to Green Growth and Sustainable Development Chairpersons Meeting for Environment and Foreign Affairs Committees Copenhagen 14-15 May 2012 1 Monday May 14 th 2012 Theme of the day:
Name: Dr Ruth Lamont Organisation: Liverpool European Law Unit, School of Law and Social Justice, University of Liverpool Response to the Call for Evidence: Civil Judicial Cooperation The comments in this
The Legal Service of the European Commission March 2015 1 The Legal Service Characteristics Internal and horizontal Service, directly under the President s authority Special organisation: light hierarchy
The 2014 Italian Presidency of the Permanent Committee on Cadastre in the E.U. Athens, 25 th June 2014 Eng. Franco MAGGIO Central Director for Cadastre and Cartography Page 1 Agenda Overview of the Italian
Project on Support to Court Management System In Turkey This project is funded by European Union. The Project is a Joint Programme of the Council of Europe and European Commission. The Central Finance
GENERAL INFORMATION: COURSES AND ECTS The main goal of this academic partnership between European Union (Erasmus Mundus: EM) and Brazil is to enhance exchange opportunities regarding legal issues. The
State Aid for Tax Measures Concept of State Aid and Tax Measures, Applicable Rules And Relevant Case Law Two-day intensive training on State aid in form of tax measures, combining the presentation of rules
provisions specified by the Preventive Law, the Cabinet of Ministers of Azerbaijan Republic has adopted the following decisions:
REPORT of the Financial Monitoring Service under the Central Bank of the Republic of Azerbaijan on execution of The 2007-2011 Action Plan for implementation of the National Strategy for Combatting Corruption
Human Rights in European Criminal Law ThiS is a FM Blank Page Stefano Ruggeri Editor Human Rights in European Criminal Law New Developments in European Legislation and Case Law after the Lisbon Treaty
Seminar Training and Certification Programme for Data Protection Officers and Other Data Protection Professionals Basic and Advanced Modules Maastricht (NL), 23-27 June 2014 EIPA, in cooperation with the
University of Turin Department of Law Seminar on International Criminal Law Defence 18 22 April 2016 Application deadline: 3 April 2016 in cooperation with the Office of Public Counsel for the Defence
GEORGIA STATE GOVERNMENT SS8CG2: The student will analyze the role of the legislative SS8CG3: The student will analyze the role of the executive SS8CG4: The student will analyze the role of the judicial
Draft conclusions of the Council and of the Member States on the civil and commercial justice systems of the Member States
COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN UNION Brussels, 20 February 2014 6771/14 FREMP 29 JAI 103 JUSTCIV 44 NOTE from: to: Subject: Coreper Council Draft conclusions of the Council and of the Member States on the civil
1 Friday 13 January 2012 Afternoon AS GCE CHEMISTRY A F321 Atoms, Bonds and Groups *F * Candidates answer on the Question Paper. OCR supplied materials: Data Sheet for Chemistry A (inserted) Other materials required: Scientific calculator Duration: 1 hour * F * INSTRUCTIONS TO CANDIDATES The Insert will be found in the centre of this document. Write your name, centre number and candidate number in the boxes above. Please write clearly and in capital letters. Use black ink. HB pencil may be used for graphs and diagrams only. Answer all the questions. Read each question carefully. Make sure you know what you have to do before starting your answer. Write your answer to each question in the space provided. Additional paper may be used if necessary but you must clearly show your candidate number, centre number and question number(s). Do not write in the bar codes. INFORMATION FOR CANDIDATES The number of marks is given in brackets [ ] at the end of each question or part question. Where you see this icon you will be awarded marks for the quality of written communication in your answer. This means for example you should: ensure that text is legible and that spelling, punctuation and grammar are accurate so that meaning is clear; organise information clearly and coherently, using specialist vocabulary when appropriate. You may use a scientific calculator. A copy of the Data Sheet for Chemistry A is provided as an insert with this question paper. You are advised to show all the steps in any calculations. The total number of marks for this paper is 60. This document consists of 12 pages. Any blank pages are indicated. [D/500/7833] DC (NH) 40577/1 OCR is an exempt Charity Turn over
2 2 Answer all the questions. 1 This question is about iodine and its compounds. (a) Iodine has a stable isotope with a relative isotopic mass of 127. In 1986, a radioactive isotope of iodine, with a relative isotopic mass of 131, was released into the atmosphere following an explosion at a nuclear power plant in Chernobyl. Define the term relative isotopic mass.... [2] Complete the table to show the number of sub-atomic particles in an atom of iodine-127 and in an atom of iodine-131. protons neutrons electrons iodine iodine [1] (b) In the human body, iodide ions, I, are necessary for the thyroid gland to function correctly. Some countries add potassium iodide, KI, to table salt as a source of iodide ions. The Guideline Daily Amount, GDA, of iodide ions is 70.0 µg (1 µg = g). Calculate the mass of KI, in µg, that would be needed to supply the GDA of iodide ions. Give your answer to three significant figures. answer =... µg [2]
3 3 Apart from reasons of cost, suggest why some countries do not add KI to table salt. (c) When chlorine gas is bubbled through aqueous potassium iodide, a reaction takes place. Write the ionic equation for this reaction. At room temperature, chlorine is a gas and iodine is a solid. When heated together, chlorine reacts with iodine to form iodine monochloride, ICl. ICl has a higher boiling point than Cl 2. Explain, in terms of the intermolecular forces present, why ICl has a higher boiling point than Cl 2. In your answer, you should use appropriate technical terms spelled correctly.... [2] [Total: 9] Turn over
4 2 Calcium chloride, CaCl 2, can be made by different reactions. A student prepared hydrated calcium chloride by carrying out the following experiment. 4 Step 1 The student added an excess of a solid calcium compound, X, to dilute hydrochloric acid. The mixture fizzed as the solid reacted. Step 2 The student filtered the mixture to give an aqueous solution of CaCl 2. Step 3 On evaporation, colourless crystals of hydrated calcium chloride were formed. (a) Describe a chemical test which the student could have carried out to prove that the filtrate contains aqueous chloride ions.... [2] (b) A friend of the student suggested that solid X was calcium oxide. State one reason why the student s friend was incorrect and suggest a possible identity of solid X. reason:... solid X:... [2] (c) Hydrated calcium chloride has a molar mass of g mol 1. What is meant by the term hydrated calcium chloride? Determine the formula of the hydrated calcium chloride. You must show your working. formula =... [2]
5 5 (d) Calcium chloride can also be formed by directly reacting calcium with chlorine gas. Draw a dot-and-cross diagram to show the bonding in calcium chloride. Show outer electrons only. (e) The student decided to prepare barium bromide, BaBr 2, by directly reacting barium with bromine gas. The student was unsure whether this preparation would be more reactive or less reactive than the preparation of CaCl 2 in (d). Explain why the student was unsure of the relative reactivity of the two preparations.... [2] [2] [Total: 11] Turn over
6 6 3 The modern Periodic Table is arranged into blocks of elements based on their electron configuration. (a) We now know that electrons are in shells; shells have sub-shells and sub-shells have orbitals. Explain what is meant by the term orbital. Complete the electron configuration below, in terms of sub-shells, for an atom of sulfur. 1s 2... [1] (iii) How many full orbitals are in an atom of sulfur? (b) One mole of sulfur atoms has a mass of 32.1 g. What is meant by one mole of substance?... [1] (c) Ionisation energies provide evidence for the order of elements in the modern Periodic Table. Define the term first ionisation energy.... [3]
8 8 4 Solid potassium, K, solid potassium bromide, KBr, and ice, H 2 O, all exist as lattices. Their melting points are shown in the table below. (a) Complete the table. solid melting point / C type of lattice K 63 giant metallic KBr 734 H 2 O 0 [2] (b) Explain why there is a difference in the melting points of K, KBr and H 2 O. In your answer you should refer to the types of particle, the types of forces between the particles and the relative strength of the forces between the particles in solid K, KBr and H 2 O. In your answer, you should use appropriate technical terms spelled correctly.... [6]
9 (c) Potassium metal reacts with water. 9 2K(s) + 2H 2 O(l) 2KOH(aq) + H 2 (g) g of potassium is reacted with excess water. Calculate the volume of gas formed. The gas volume is measured in cm 3 at room temperature and pressure. answer =... cm 3 [3] [Total: 11] Turn over
10 10 5 Ammonia, NH 3, and hydrazine, N 2 H 4, are both bases. (a) Ammonium sulfate, (NH 4 ) 2 SO 4, can be prepared by reacting ammonia with sulfuric acid, H 2 SO 4. Why can ammonium sulfate be described as a salt? A student was given 400 cm 3 of aqueous ammonia solution, NH 3 (aq). The student was asked to determine how many moles of NH 3 had been dissolved to prepare the solution. The student titrated 25.0 cm 3 of NH 3 (aq) and found that it reacted exactly with 32.5 cm 3 of mol dm 3 sulfuric acid. The equation for this reaction is shown below. 2NH 3 (aq) + H 2 SO 4 (aq) (NH 4 ) 2 SO 4 (aq) Calculate the amount, in moles, of NH 3 in the original 400 cm 3 solution. answer =... mol [3]
11 11 (b) The hydrazine molecule, H 2 N NH 2, is covalent. Predict the H N H bond angle in a hydrazine molecule. Explain your answer.... [4] (c) Like ammonia, hydrazine is a base that reacts with water to form negative and positive ions. Write the formula of the negative ion that is formed when hydrazine reacts with water. Suggest the formula of a positive ion which might form when hydrazine reacts with water. TURN OVER FOR QUESTION 5(d) Turn over
12 12 (d) Hydrazine, N 2 H 4, has found a use as rocket fuel. The overall equation for the production of hydrazine is shown below. 2NH 3 + NaCl O N 2 H 4 + NaCl + H 2 O Using oxidation numbers, explain why the above equation represents a redox reaction.... [3] What is the name for NaCl O? (iii) The overall reaction takes place in two stages. In the first stage NH 2 Cl is produced. In the second stage N 2 H 4 is produced. Some of the hydrazine reacts with NH 2 Cl to form ammonium chloride and a colourless gas with a relative molecular mass of Construct the equation for this reaction.... [2] [Total: 16] END OF QUESTION PAPER Copyright Information OCR is committed to seeking permission to reproduce all third-party content that it uses in its assessment materials. OCR has attempted to identify and contact all copyright holders whose work is used in this paper. To avoid the issue of disclosure of answer-related information to candidates, all copyright acknowledgements are reproduced in the OCR Copyright Acknowledgements Booklet. This is produced for each series of examinations and is freely available to download from our public website ( after the live examination series. If OCR has unwittingly failed to correctly acknowledge or clear any third-party content in this assessment material, OCR will be happy to correct its mistake at the earliest possible opportunity. For queries or further information please contact the Copyright Team, First Floor, 9 Hills Road, Cambridge CB2 1GE. OCR is part of the Cambridge Assessment Group; Cambridge Assessment is the brand name of University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate (UCLES), which is itself a department of the University of Cambridge.
Instructions Answer all questions in the spaces provided. Do all rough work in this book. Cross through any work you do not want to be marked.
Candidate Style Answer Chemistry A Unit F321 Atoms, Bonds and Groups High banded response This Support Material booklet is designed to accompany the OCR GCE Chemistry A Specimen Paper F321 for teaching
12.1 How do sub-atomic particles help us to understand the structure of substances? Simple particle theory is developed in this unit to include atomic structure and bonding. The arrangement of electrons
Chemistry C2 Foundation and Higher Questions Q1. The chart shows the processes involved in the manufacture of nitric acid from ammonia. (a) Complete the word equation for the reaction that takes place
PS-4.2 Explain how the process of covalent bonding provides chemical stability through the sharing of electrons.
PS-4.1 Explain the role of bonding in achieving chemical stability. All of the noble gases are chemically stable A noble gas electron configuration (an outside energy level with 2 or 8 electrons) is chemically
Draw a ring around the correct answer to complete each sentence. 11. Ammonia can be reacted with an acid to produce the salt ammonium nitrate.
Q. This question is about salts of ammonia and salts of lead. (a) Ammonia dissolves in water to make an alkaline solution. Draw a ring around the correct answer to complete each sentence. The ph of a solution
Location Entry Codes As part of CIE s continual commitment to maintaining best practice in assessment, CIE uses different variants of some question papers for our most popular assessments with large and
GCE Chemistry A Advanced Subsidiary GCE Unit F32: Atoms, Bonds and Groups Mark Scheme for June 20 Oxford Cambridge and RSA Examinations OCR (Oxford Cambridge and RSA) is a leading UK awarding body, providing
How many atoms are in an ammonia molecule?... (1) The diagrams show the electron arrangement in nitrogen and hydrogen.
Q1. (a) The diagram represents an atom of nitrogen. Label the diagram. (3) (b) Ammonia has the formula NH 3. It is made from nitrogen and hydrogen. How many atoms are in an ammonia molecule?... (c) The
GCE Chemistry A Advanced Subsidiary GCE Unit F321: Atoms, Bonds and Groups Mark Scheme for January 2013 Oxford Cambridge and RSA Examinations OCR (Oxford Cambridge and RSA) is a leading UK awarding body,
Chenistry C2 question booklet part 94 minutes 94 marks Page of 34 Q. The diagram represents a carbon atom. (a) Use words from the box to answer the questions. electron neutron nucleus proton (i) What is
If you’ve yet to hear about fishing drones, prepare to get overly excited. These drones have taken both recreational fishing as a hobby and the commercial industry of fishing to an entirely new level.
These drones take payloads to the extreme, using them to drop bait, hold a line, you name it. A lot of fishermen are using fishing drones to scope out the water and see where the best spots to fish are, which is very similar to how drones are used in agriculture these days.
People have actually caught fish using a drone designed for this purpose, so we had to dig deep and find the best ones to review further! Fishing drones make it possible to see where the fish are, drop the bait in certain areas, hold a line, and even give you the opportunity to fish in areas you’d never be able to do so in.
If you don’t see your question listed below in our FAQ section, feel free to get in touch with us and we’ll help you out!
Fishing drones can carry fishing line, bait, nets, you name it. Keep in mind, however, that the payload you attach to your drone will drain the battery quicker and will affect how the drone flies, so be careful with the load you use and how much weight you’re putting on.
The legality of drone fishing in your state and local area all depends on the state and local laws in effect where you live. This includes fishing licenses, as well. To be sure that you are always within the law, whether you’re using a fishing drone or a regular drone in general, check with your local law enforcement before you take off.
Using a fishing drone or using a regular drone for fishing is actually quite easy! There are very few drones specifically made and designed for fishing, but if you have your hands on one currently, you probably already know how to use it and how fishing works.
Otherwise, you’ll have to consider a few things. For example, do you want to use an add-on, such as a bait cache? There’s also a very simple way to turn your regular drone into a fishing drone with some fishing line.
Simply attach some line, some bait, and go fishing using the Hover function, if applicable, on your drone.
Be careful, though, if you hook a fish that’s too heavy for the drone to handle, you could risk losing it forever. This is why specific fishing drones are better to use, but you can use a regular drone as long as you’re careful.
Some of the drones you’re about to see on our list may surprise you, because you probably wouldn’t think they’d be able to be used for fishing.
This Inspire 2 by DJI comes with the Zenmuse X4S and will run you up to $3600. Unfortunately, this price may be too high for some just looking at it, but we know once you know the kind of punch this drone bundle packs, you’ll be itching to get your hands on it!
– Features Advanced Obstacle Sensing, CineCore 2.0 image processing, Auto Return to Home, and Follow Me – Uses a dual battery design onboard to extend your flight time to the maximum – Supports recording in both CinemaDNG and Apple ProRes – Fully compatible with 5.2K gimbal cameras – Total flight time of up to 27 minutes – Able to hit 50 mph within 4 seconds and reach a maximum speed of up to 67 mph – Capable of capturing cinema-type footage through recording in H.264, H.265, and other high bit rates – Comes with an FPV camera stabilized using a 2-axis system
The biggest pro that the Inspire 2 by DJI has to offer in the case of this bundle, is the fact that you’re getting an advanced drone with fishing qualities and a lot of extras, too! Even though a 16GB MicroSD card is included, you also get a Sandisk Ultra 64GB MicroSD card, and SPC cleaning kit, and a microfiber cleaning cloth on top of it all.
The biggest con, however, is that it can be a very complicated setup for beginners or those who have never had a “big rig” before. If you’re completely new, or even relatively new, to more advanced drones, we don’t recommend this package deal.
The Waterproof Splash Drone 3 by Swellpro is the ultimate winner where fishing drones are concerned. Sure, you could use a regular drone with some modifications, but for $1700 the greatest fishing drone ever made can make your day a whole lot easier. It’s also the world’s first modular, all-weather, waterproof drone!
– Has a 4K HD waterproof camera – Uses a 2-axis gimbal system – Able to land on water without sinking thanks to the durable, waterproof motor and frame – The 620kv motors pair with the 1242 carbon fiber propellers for the best efficiency and power performance currently out on the market – Includes the all-in-one S3 controller that has a 5” LDC screen for a live video feed – Features Follow Me, Position Hold, Auto Return to Home, Waypoints, Tap to Fly, Auto Land, and more – Has an amphibious UAV platform that can be switched out with different modules for any type of job you can think of, especially fishing – Has a payload capacity of 1kg – Uses both GPS and GLONASS – Can land and float on both salt water and fresh water – Able to fly in the rain, snow, sleet, and all other types of weather – Total flight time of up to 16 minutes
The biggest pro that the Waterproof Splash 3 by Swellpro has to offer is definitely the changeable modules. You can have a life-saving equipment delivery module switched out for a long fishing line or even a bait dropping module.
The biggest con, however, is that the device for releasing the payload is sold separately and not with the drone, so you’ll if you don’t want to purchase it you’ll have limited options. Although, you’ll still be able to use the fishing line module.
The Typhoon H Pro by Yuneec will run you about $1000, but we assure you, it’s definitely worth its weight in gold. It has some incredible specs that make it a worthy competitor in our review.
– Uses Intel RealSense technology that creates a 3D map for the purpose of providing positional data when GPS is minimal and aiding in overall obstacle avoidance – Includes the CGO3+ gimbal-stabilized camera that supports 4K video and 12MP still photos – Uses retractable landing gear when in flight and retractable arms to ensure minimal damage in the case of a crash or a collision – Comes with the ST16 Personal Ground Station controller with a built-in transmitter and receiver to ensure that it’s an all-in-one device with a 7” display screen – Uses 2.4 GHz transmission for joystick operation and 5.8 GHz transmission for the livelink video
The biggest pro that the Typhoon H Pro by Yuneec has to offer is no doubt the Intel RealSense technology. The 3D map is incredibly useful to have on your side for fishing, giving you an edge with where the best catches are.
The biggest con, however, is that it’s not for newbies. Even intermediate users will have some difficulty. If you are a newbie, though, be prepared to sit with it for hours, maybe even days, until you can figure it all out thoroughly.
The Solo by 3DR is one of the best budget fishing drones for sale you can get your hands on. It has features that are great for the sport, able to handle payload properly, and offers so much more.
– Features Auto Takeoff, Auto Land, One-Key Photos and Recordings, One-Key Flight Pause, Smart Shots, Orbit, Cable Cam, Follow Me, Selfie, and more – Includes a high-quality HDMI input port in the controller for a quick connection to any screen of your choice, be it your laptop, smartphone, tablet, etc – Offers wireless HD video streaming from a connected GoPro straight to your smartphone or other mobile device – Has a transmission range of up to half a mile – Uses LiDAR technology to ensure that indoor flight is both safe and fully possible – Total flight time of between 15 to 20 minutes depending on whether or not you use the gimbal and a GoPro – Compatible with GoPro models Hero 3+ and Hero 4 – Weighs 3.3 pounds with a total size of 18”x18”x10”
The biggest pro that the Solo by 3DR has to offer would definitely be the price and what you’re receiving. It’s a fantastic fishing drone for what you’re paying for.
The biggest con, however, is that it does not come with a gimbal. If you want to have one with the drone, you will need to purchase one separately. This is most likely the case because it does not come with a camera, which you will also need to supply on your own.
Who knew that fishing with drones would be so easy? These drones are great news for fishing as a hobby or as an industry, so take your favorite pick and get ready to spend the day on the water!
The Best 4 Drones for Fishing – [Winter 2017] Top Fishing Drones was originally posted October 23, 2017 2:07 pm at https://www.dronethusiast.com/best-drones-for-fishing/ by
AirVuz is the top spot for drone videographers to show off their work. Show off your best with a chance to win $1,000 every week in the AirVuz Video of the Week contest!
Miriam McNabb is the Editor-in-Chief of DRONELIFE and CEO of JobForDrones, a professional drone services marketplace, and a fascinated observer of the emerging drone industry and the regulatory environment for drones. Miriam has a degree from the University of Chicago and over 20 years of experience in high tech sales and marketing for new technologies.
$1,000 is Up for Grabs Every Week – AirVuz Drone Video of the Week Contest! was originally posted April 8, 2018 7:45 am at https://dronelife.com/2018/04/08/1000-grabs-every-week-airvuz-drone-video-week-contest/ by Miriam McNabb
Manufacturing giant DJI has announced the launch of the Alliance for Drone Innovation (ADI), an effort to broaden the support for the goals of the former Drone Manufacturers Alliance originally formed 2 years ago by 3DR, GoPro, DJI and Parrot.
The new organization will address the same issues – but the coalition has now expanded to include suppliers and software developers of both personal and professional drones “as well as the innovative Americans who fly them for recreational, artistic, and business purposes,” says the Alliance.
Led by Jenny Rosenberg, former Department of Transportation Acting Assistant Secretary for Aviation and International Affairs, the group’s focus is on legislative and regulatory activity: matters of critical importance right now to stakeholders in the recreational drone industry. Recent arguments over the repeal of Section 336 in the next FAA Authorization package – a move which would grant the FAA broad authority to impose laws for recreational drones – could threaten the growth of the sector. Recreational drone manufacturers and advocacy groups are committed to keeping the law in place, which would mean that recreational droners do not have to get a Part 107 license or additional training to fly as long as they fly within the framework of a community-based flight organization, such as the Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA) or the Drone User Group (DUG.)
“ADI is focused on promoting innovation and the growth of the unmanned aircraft industry for both personal and professional use,” says ADI. “…ADI promotes awareness among policymakers, media and the general public of how drones help society, ensuring that government policies allow everyone to achieve the benefits of safe and responsible drone flight.”
“We look forward to working with Congress, the administration, and other stakeholders on policies that promote innovation and allow the drone market to flourish in a responsible and safe manner,” said ADI Executive Director Jenny Rosenberg.
In addition to legal protections for recreational operators as mentioned above, the ADI supports a micro-drone classification exempting very small and lightweight aircraft from certain laws, and the preservation of FAA preemption. FAA preemption refers to the idea that the FAA should maintain ultimate authority over the airspace, preventing state, tribal and local governments from passing their own drone laws.
The Alliance for Drone Innovation was originally posted April 7, 2018 8:52 am at https://dronelife.com/2018/04/07/alliance-drone-innovation/ by Miriam McNabb
Press Release: Firefly Drone Shows, founded by Kyle Dorosz and Ryan Sigmon, is expanding their fleet to 200 custom-built drones and booking for a variety of outdoor events this summer. They are the third company in the United States to gain approval for performing across the country, and one of the few in the world to also possess a night waiver from the FAA for drone shows. Routines are pre-programmed, choreographed, and automated by a computer to create any design imaginable in the sky. This level of customization makes light shows an ideal alternative to traditional fireworks for corporate, private, and special events.
Firefly recently made headlines in regional news outlets, including MLive and ABC 12, after a video of their first test performance, recorded by Grand Blanc resident Kaylin Adams, went viral. Dorosz was operating 30 drones at dusk, from Holly Cloud Hoppers flying field, which piqued the curiosity of Adams plus 10-15 other drivers who parked on the shoulder of the I-75 highway to safely view the synchronized light show.
Traditional fireworks are loud, costly, can be used only once, and emit various harmful toxins. Drone shows don’t leave a carbon footprint and can be executed repeatedly, something co-founder Dorosz believes will appeal to to eco-conscious industries including music and entertainment. “We are able to create bright, impactful displays in the sky without the significant pollution or steep costs generally associated with fireworks.”
A light show can last up to 20 minutes. However, additional drones can be launched to replace drones with depleted batteries, creating a seamless and continuous light show. Anyone attending a music festival, county fair, or corporate event this summer will be relieved to know that if they spot groups of lights performing mesmerizing routines, it’s likely a Firefly Drone Show at work and not a visit from extraterrestrial beings.
Firefly is currently booking summer events across the nation. View more of their shows, and follow along, on Instagram, YouTube, Facebook, or visit fireflydroneshows.com.
Firefly provides synchronized drone light shows for corporate and private events, as well as custom applications. One of the only FAA-approved companies in the world, Firefly offers the latest technology operated by the most experienced pilots.
Firefly Drone Shows: The Team Behind That Viral Video Expands Their Fleet was originally posted April 7, 2018 6:27 am at https://dronelife.com/2018/04/07/firefly-drone-shows-team-behind-viral-video-expands-fleet/ by
(UTC-8) Pacific Time (US & Canada) (UTC-7) Mountain Time (US & Canada) (UTC-6) Central Time (US & Canada) (UTC-5) Eastern Time (US & Canada) (UTC-4) Atlantic Time (Canada) (UTC-9) Alaska (US & Canada) (UTC-10) Hawaii (US) (UTC-11) Midway Island, Samoa (UTC-12) Eniwetok, Kwajalein (UTC-3:30) Canada/Newfoundland (UTC-3) Brasilia, Buenos Aires, Georgetown (UTC-2) Mid-Atlantic (UTC-1) Azores, Cape Verde Is. Greenwich Mean Time (Lisbon, London) (UTC+1) Amsterdam, Berlin, Paris, Rome, Madrid (UTC+2) Athens, Helsinki, Istanbul, Cairo, E. Europe (UTC+3) Baghdad, Kuwait, Nairobi, Moscow (UTC+3:30) Tehran (UTC+4) Abu Dhabi, Kazan, Muscat (UTC+4:30) Kabul (UTC+5) Islamabad, Karachi, Tashkent (UTC+5:30) Bombay, Calcutta, New Delhi (UTC+5:45) Nepal (UTC+6) Almaty, Dhaka (UTC+6:30) Cocos Islands, Yangon (UTC+7) Bangkok, Jakarta, Hanoi (UTC+8) Beijing, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taipei (UTC+9) Tokyo, Osaka, Sapporto, Seoul, Yakutsk (UTC+9:30) Adelaide, Darwin (UTC+10) Brisbane, Melbourne, Sydney, Guam (UTC+11) Magadan, Solomon Is., New Caledonia (UTC+12) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is., Wellington
Upskirt Masturbation Footage: upskirt-dildo-masturbation-1 upskirt-dildo-masturbation-2 upskirt-dildo-masturbation-3 upskirt-dildo-masturbation-4 upskirt-dildo-masturbation-5
Tags: amateur, big dildo, chubby, dildo, english, girlfriend, masturbating in public, masturbation, outdoor, pink hair, public nudity, public orgasm, pussy massage, redhead, Roxy, upskirts
Home | VPN Providers | Top 10 VPN Providers | Tutorials | FAQs | Why VPNGround | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Contact us
that reminds me of my 16th birthday party when we drunkenly decided to go to the park and swim in the paddling pool at stupid o'clock
Inlays and onlays are dental restorations that are more extensive than dental fillings but less so than caps and crowns. They are typically formed in a dental lab and are made of gold, porcelain or resin depending on the patient’s needs and aesthetic goals. An inlay refers to a restoration that is formed to fit the center of a tooth, whereas an onlay refers to a restoration that encompasses at least, one cusp of the tooth. Both inlays and onlays are bonded to the surface of damaged teeth and matched to the color of the surrounding teeth.
that inlays and onlays can serve as alternative treatments to dental crowns when you have a broken or damaged tooth? When fillings are not enough to adequately repair a tooth, an inlay or onlay can be custom-created to fit securely onto the tooth’s surface. Depending on the materials used, the restoration can be created to appear natural and will have the same function of an organic tooth. Inlays and onlays have extremely high success rates and because they are custom made for each patient, most last longer than traditional fillings.
You could be a candidate for an inlay or onlay in if you have moderate tooth damage or decay and are in search of an alternative restoration option to a crown or cap. Schedule a dental consultation for a complete examination and to find out if an inlay or onlay is right for you.
Your inlay or onlay restoration will be completed over multiple dental treatments. First, your tooth will be prepared for treatment, and an impression will be taken to serve as a mold for your new restoration. You may be fitted with a temporary restoration while your permanent inlay or onlay is fabricated. Once completed, you will return to have the temporary restoration removed and the permanent one bonded to the surface of the teeth.
Special care needs to be given to your teeth while temporary restorations are in place. It is important to avoid sticky or hard foods that could cause significant damage to temporaries. Once you receive your permanent inlay or onlay, you can resume normal eating, brushing and flossing habits.
↑ 1 2 Krause, Thomas W. Lafave Signs Plea, Tampa Bay Online, November 23, 2005. Accessed July 15, 2008.
↑ Rondeaux, Candace. No jail time for Lafave, St. Petersburg Times, November 22, 2005. Accessed July 15, 2008.
We all do it, to one extent or another; doctors who deal with terminal children or relegated to the emergency floors; patients who must see the foreboding grief in the eyes of family members who have been told; psychiatrists, psychologists and therapists who listen “objectively” to the turmoil and trauma of other lives; the capacity for human compartmentalism is nearly inexhaustible. Does the horse who listens to the cab driver in the brilliant short story, “Misery” (or often subtitled as, “Grief” or “To whom shall I tell my grief?”) […] Read More …
CategoriesMiscellaneous, UncategorizedTagsanxiety usps lawyer, approval for owcp medical retirement benefits, attorney dod medical retirement benefits, can you get severance from federal government if you have been terminated for medical inability to return to work? yes through opm disability retirement but you have only 1 year to apply after separat, can you work while waiting for fers or csrs disability retirement? yes for finantial reasons most employees do, chronic depression and federal employees, consultation on sf3112c and other disability forms from the opm, crohns and stress from work owcp federal, department of defense disability retirement lawyer, disappointing owcp claim status denial check, early out medical disability retirement for federal government 2016, excessive sick leave and awol medical proposed termination federal worker, excessive sick leave use by federal employee, federal disability requirements for fibromyalgia, federal disability retirement attorney tampa, federal disability retirement rules allow working, federal employee injured off duty do I have any rights?, federal employees with ptsd, federal government disability retirement fibro, federal sick leave resignation, federal technician letter of resignation for disability, fers attorney west virgia, fers disability retirement application, fers employee accommodation for light duty ignored by federal supervisors, fers reasonable accommodation: will I stay at my same pay grade and step? You should at least, fers retirement applicant's statement of disability form, fers retirement physicians, government sick leave for long term medical treatment, how hard is it to get opm disability approved depends on your physician’s support and other issues, how to fill out an sf 3112 and where to get help, how to write a disability statement fers, leaving post office after many years of service empty handed or file for disability, legal counsel sf 3107 disability application package, lwop can be used when filing for disability retirement but be careful with taking paid leave after that, mail carrier questions to lawyer about regular owcp v. schedule award with medical retirement, nervous to check owcp disability retirement claim status, opm bullying workplace causing anxiety, opm definition hostile work environment if there is psychiatric condition, opm disability retirement application, opm disability retirement initial denial assistance, opm disability retirement processing, opm federal law enforcement disability, opm health retirement appeals, opm hostile work environment giving me anxiety and stress need guidance, opm hostile working environment for employees with physical impairments, opm med retirement after termination of employment is possible only within a year, opm medical retirement rules injured federal employee off-duty, opm reassignment regulations after light duty, owcp and opm calculation of benefits, owcp and retiring for osteoarthritis, post office hr shared services during disabilities filing, postal employee with trauma claim owcp closed denied, postal employee with with a known physical or mental impairment, postal service opm medical pension, postal service workers compensation, ptsd medical disability retirement, ptsd owcp federal employment attorney, ptsd work injury federal employees disability services, retiring from the post office early due to disability cers, sleep apnea federal disability, standard form 3112 legal assistance lawyer blog consequences of being discharged or resigning from a federal job for underlying medical condition, termination disabilities postal lawyer, us postal workers disability in california, usps disability benefits attorney, usps employment disability, usps harassment of supervisor by employees and long term depression, usps reasonable accommodation, usps retirement disability, va employee disability retirement attorney, va employee disability retirement lawyer, veterans affairs ptsd documentation eligibility, when your agency has no light duty owcp, workers comp case close and denial of benefits, workers comp scheduled award and opm disability retirement together, workmans comp case denied, writing an effective applicant’s statements of disability, writing medical resignation letter to federal government
The complaint is most often heard in a converse manner — that because of the minutiae and daily details required of one’s energy, focus and concentration, the “larger picture” fails to be seen. But the reverse is just as true: we often overlook the significance of the mundane, justifying such neglect by arguing that it is the cosmic and universal principles which are of greater relevance; mere human beings within the aegis of humanity, are but flies in a smattering of a decaying universe. […] Read More …
CategoriesReflections of an OPM Disability Retirement LawyerTagsa federal employment can retire you for mental disability, accommodation request form apwu and lawyer, after a referee doctor rules against the federal employee, anxiety hostile work environment in federal workplace, attorney assistance with fers doctor's statement, attorney postal disability retirement, bop guide to medical retirement by successful federal lawyer, chronic migraines can be considered a disability in the federal government if they affect quality of work, clinical findings long term medical condition physician report dol gov attorney, completing ca-17 form duty status report and medical retirement form, dea agent injured overseas early retirement filing, dealing with sf 3112b supervisor's statement and other opm std forms, department of labor physician assessment ca-17 long term disabling illness, depression and federal service, employee advised to resume work dol workers comp form, failed reasonable accommodation process usps, federal agent injured off duty lawyer, federal disability and early out postal, federal disability qualifications opm, federal disability retirement for nervous breakdown, federal disability sf3112, federal employee benefits for non work injury, federal employee medical retirement forms and advice, federal job related stress leave, federal work requirenments employee accommodation, federal workers compensation long term anxiety, fers disability retirement attorney agreement and representation forms, fers office of personnel management for disability retirement, functional capacity examination federal employment, health issues at usps after an injury, homeland security incapacity retirement attorney, how do I completed the sf-3112a and what arguments should I make and explain, how to retire early from the post office if I got an illness, importance of treating disability doctors for government employees, is it smart to sign a federal government notice of resignation and walk out empty handed with a physical or mental incapacity?, job offers owcp and accommodation issues, job related anxiety hostile work harassment in post office, legal resources for workers comp opm, medical documentation is required for fers disability, medical retirement due to injury at job with cbp, medical review obstructive sleep apnea fers disability, medical separation from federal service attorney, national reassessment program and no light duty available, nexus letter for depression and nature of work with government, opm disabilities discrimination workplace applications, opm doesn’t have a list of disabilities because requirements depend on job performance, opm performance improvement plan fraud discrimination against disabled federal employees, owcp accepted conditions in contrast to opm medical condition that affect job performing, post office disability retirement attorney, post office disciplinary action against employee with underlying mental condition, post office will often deny a transfer if on light duty, postal disability lawyer, postal disability retirement process, postal service hostile work environment, postal service return to work and fmla attorney, postal service workers compensation, resigning your position from the federal government for illness, retirement annuities owcp federal lawyer, retirement usps physical limitations lawyer, retirement vamc for poor health, return to work physical exam federal, return to work physical exam federal employment, seeing a psychologist keeping your owcp case open is bad strategy because owcp is not a retirement program, separating from federal service opm medical issues, separation and retirement due to disabilities in the post office, should I resign from the postal service for a medical condition?, social security approved now waiting on opm, tsa disability retirement fers & csrs attorney, unable to return to duty usps, united states postal service long term disability, us postal service disability retirement lawyer, usps disability retirement process, usps employee disability application, usps light duty and disability retirement forms, va benefits and fers medical retirement attorney, veterans affairs ptsd documentation eligibility, when owcp stops benefits because of referee doctor, when usps rac committee finds not accommodation possible for off duty condition but you may qualify still for disability postal retirement, when workers comp agency-paid doctor states nothing is wrong, when you apply for opm you also need to apply (not necessarily qualify) for ssdi, why does a career federal employee get terminated from employment, work related stress due hostile work environment in federal positions, workman's comp payments are not for life but opm disability retirement is under fers and csrs laws, yes you can be fired from a government job if your veteran disability gets worse
Calamities coalesce in concurrent coordinated couplings; often enough in life, when one action is engaged, another follows in reactive reflection. For the Federal employee or U.S. Postal worker who has a medical condition, such that the medical condition impacts one or more of the essential elements of one’s job, the necessity to, or mere hint of the need to, file for Federal Disability Retirement benefits through the U.S. Office of Personnel Management, whether the Federal or Postal employee is under FERS, CSRS or CSRS Offset, often invokes a concurrent action on the part of the agency. […] Read More …
CategoriesAgency’s and/or Supervisor’s ActionsTagsattorney fers forum lawyers dot com, attorney representing postal employees with fibro, awol for sickness postal service attorney, before signing post office resignation form for injuries or illnesses consult a fers or civil service lawyer, bureau of prisons retiring for disabilities, columbia district fers medical retirement lawyer, cumulative trauma disorders postal service attorney, dept of labor workers comp vocational rehab consultations inability to work, dol federal workers comp v. opm disability retirement for carpal tunnel surgery and similar conditions, employee federal government months extended sick leave request, failed reasonable accommodation process usps, fbi agent disability retirement lawyer, federal disability retirement lawyers helping oklahoma city residents, federal disability retirement mental illness attorney, federal government employee medically retire, fers disability attorneys columbia sc, fers vet worker medically retiring federal government, fibromyalgia opm medical separation proposal, file an sf 50 usps opm medical retirement, filing for injury compensation with permanent status federal government, friendly medical separation postal service and opm’s decision to go along, getting lawyer to deal with national reassessment program usps, gov agency private practice lawyer for disabled employee, how do I retire from the federal government with depression and anxiety, how to file long term workmans comp at the usps, how to fill out form 3117 for disability so I can become eligible, how to initiate a long term sick leave with federal government employment, how to use donated leave while on lwop in the annuity computation and why it’s not a good idea, if you medical retire leo from fers you still get ssdi but less money on fers, impingement syndrome postal service attorney, improvement plans and other termination excuses, injured while walking your mail route usps, intermittent sick leave for depression federal government, law enforcement fers fed mental incapacity lawyer, leaving post office after many years of service empty handed or file for disability, letter carrier options after injury on or off duty, letter carriers and repetitive stress injuries, mental or nervous conditions in the postal service, motor vehicle accident postal service attorney, multiple sclerosis federal employee, negative performance appraisals medical conditions in federal employment, no federal disability health condition qualifiers eligibility depends on nexus no a particular condition, no more post office modified jobs for injured employees available, opm disability retirement legal administrative specialist lawyer, opm medical retirement lawyer for cervical disc problems in law enforcement leo, owcp long term disability attorney, pension health retirement lawyer for depression bipolar federal, permanent injury compensation repetitive stress disorders federal employment, physical restrictions in federal employment lawyer, post office disciplinary action against employee with underlying mental condition, post office retirement lawyer serving montana employees with disabilities, postal disabilities lawyer, postal disability retirement lawyer, postal employee with with a known physical or mental impairment, postal lawyer for fired partially mentally incapacitated fers employee, postal service workers compensation, ptsd and fers disability retirement lawyer, rehabilitation vocational consultations for disabled federal employees attorney, south carolina federal disability retirement lawyer, steps for government disability retirement, technician lab federal employee stress leave lawyer, termination proposal stressed federal worker, unable to return to work paperwork usps, us postal service retirement disability services from top attorney, using any form of paid leave after long lwop prior to med retirement not a good idea for backpay purposes, usps disability retirement lawyer, usps federal disability retirement lawyer, usps workers compensation retirement disability contact lawyer, veterans affairs ptsd documentation eligibility, what is performance improvement plan opm need attorney asap, when getting ps form 50 notification of personnel action termination medical inability consult an experienced fers or csrs attorney, when the usps reasonable accommodation committee (rac) refuses to process a request for accommodation, when usps rac committee finds not accommodation possible for off duty condition but you may qualify still for disability postal retirement, work related stress disability financial recovery in post office
Federal Disability Retirement: The difficult good-bye | FERS & CSRS Disability Retirement, et cetera... on Federal Disability Retirement: The Trail of Tears
To sort through the federal grant programs, the authoritative source is the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA). This catalog lists all of the available funding programs to all levels of government, nonprofit organizations, for-profit businesses, and other eligible entities. Search Grants within Grants.gov allows you to search, filter, and apply for specific opportunities to receive funding from one of these programs. Federal Grant Uniform Guidance
Last on our list of free money apps is Ibotta. We all know keeping track of rebates can be a pain in the toosh. Filing away all those receipts and coupon cut-outs – who has time for all that? That’s where Ibotta comes in! Before you make your next retail therapy trip, download Ibotta and pick rebates from whichever retailers you’ll be shopping at. Then when you’re done shopping, snap a photo of your receipt and upload it into the app. You’ll get paid in actual cash, via Venmo or PayPal, within 48 hours – or get a gift card sent you. You can also score rebates on restaurants, movie theatres, and tons of other places. Free Money Exchange Near Me
Gateway to information about private funding sources, the grantseeking process, guidelines on writing a grant proposal, addresses of state libraries with grants reference collections, and links to other useful Internet websites. The Center maintains a comprehensive Foundation Directory Online database on foundations; produces print and electronic directories and guides; conducts research and publishes studies in the field; and offers a variety of training and educational seminars. Free Money Making Apps
But there’s no reason why they shouldn’t. Democrats should be for it because it is straight-up economic stimulus, writ large. And Republicans should be for it because it is the stimulus option that’s most in line with conservative values. To be sure, a whole lot of right-wing conservatives will object to the very notion—government checks give them the willies. And for conservatives with the strongest tendencies toward gold buggery, who are already freaked out that the Fed’s quantitative easing is debasing the currency and setting us up for hyperinflation, the idea will never be in favor. But what conservatives really objected to about the Obama stimulus and all subsequent Democratic proposals for fiscal pump priming was not so much the fiscal consequences, despite what they said—after all, they favored the Iraq War and the Bush tax cuts, which drove up the debt, and voted for Paul Ryan’s budget, which would have done the same. What really infuriates them about Democratic stimulus measures is that it is spending by government, meant to achieve government priorities, and delivered through government channels in ways that enhance the reach and influence of the government.
An accomplished student and athlete at George Mason University was not accepted to any sororities at the university. Her sister Lillie believes this is because she has Down syndrome. "Accepting a woman with a disability to a chapter isn't an act of charity, it brings diversity and promotes inclusion," Lillie Heigl wrote in her letter to the head of the university's Greek life. [...] Federal Grant Reviewer Opportunities
If you already spend hours of your time playing games or watching trailers, then add Inbox Dollars to your list of free money apps! Inbox Dollars is an online rewards club, and it’s really cool. You can get cash for doing easy activities like searching the internet, playing fun games, or even just watching movie trailers. And to sweeten the deal, you’ll even receive a $5 credit as a signup bonus. You can literally watch TV, movie previews, read emails, and take surveys from anywhere while earning perks! What’s not love about that? Free Money Economy
Complete actions for your favorite brands, such as taking pictures or sharing content on social media, and get paid for it. To get started, download the app on your iOS or Android device, browse through the different brand campaigns and complete an action. When you reach $10, earnings can be withdrawn through your PayPal account. So far, users have earned more than $100,000. Free Money Credit Card
To sort through the federal grant programs, the authoritative source is the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA). This catalog lists all of the available funding programs to all levels of government, nonprofit organizations, for-profit businesses, and other eligible entities. Search Grants within Grants.gov allows you to search, filter, and apply for specific opportunities to receive funding from one of these programs. Free Money Kijiji
Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all financial or credit offers available. Federal Grant Timesheets
Last on our list of free money apps is Ibotta. We all know keeping track of rebates can be a pain in the toosh. Filing away all those receipts and coupon cut-outs – who has time for all that? That’s where Ibotta comes in! Before you make your next retail therapy trip, download Ibotta and pick rebates from whichever retailers you’ll be shopping at. Then when you’re done shopping, snap a photo of your receipt and upload it into the app. You’ll get paid in actual cash, via Venmo or PayPal, within 48 hours – or get a gift card sent you. You can also score rebates on restaurants, movie theatres, and tons of other places. Federal Jag Grant Program
No legitimate federal government employee would ever call you and tell you that you qualify or have been approved for a grant for which you never applied. Protect yourself from scammers that tell you that you need to pay a small processing fee to qualify to receive a grant for education costs, home repairs, home business expenses, or "money for nothing" grant offers. Federal Grant Business Loans
Wish you could make money just by using and checking your phone? This just might be one of the easiest free money apps to use. Slidejoy basically lets you rent out your Android lock screen for cash and gift cards. Here’s how it works: each time you check your phone, you’ll be shown an ad or news story. Then simply swipe left to learn more, slide up to see another promo, or slide right to get to your home screen. CNET says they’ll give you up to $15, which you can redeem on Paypal or donate to one of three charities, which include The Jericho Project, Got Your 6, and Tutor Chat Live. Federal Grant Manager Job Description
The Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education (TEACH) Grant Program was created in 2007 through the College Cost Reduction and Access Act to provide financial assistance for teachers of high-demand fields who work in low-income schools. Eligible students can receive up to $4,000 per year. Low-income elementary and secondary schools are designated by the Department of Education. High-demand fields of study include foreign language, special education, math and science. If a student receives the TEACH grant and does not teach, the grant becomes a Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loan. Federal Grant Money Through Western Union
If you are a Walmart shopper, then use the Savings Catcher on the Walmart app. When you are done with your purchase, scan your receipt and the app will go out over the next several days and search competitor pricing for your products. If they find that someone offered that item for less, you will get a rebate for the difference in the form of a Walmart gift card (redeemable directly from the app. Federal Grant In A Sentence
Federal Pell Grants usually are awarded only to undergraduate students who display exceptional financial need and have not earned a bachelor's, graduate, or professional degree. (In some cases, however, a student enrolled in a postbaccalaureate teacher certification program might receive a Federal Pell Grant.) You are not eligible to receive a Federal Pell Grant if you are incarcerated in a federal or state penal institution or are subject to an involuntary civil commitment upon completion of a period of incarceration for a forcible or nonforcible sexual offense. Free Money Legally
The helicopter money policy, by contrast, keeps government almost completely out of the picture. It distributes resources directly to citizens, with no limits on how they can spend it, thereby strengthening individual choice and the private sector, not government bureaucracies. It’s a stimulus Milton Friedman could love. And if everyone gets the same-sized check, there’s not even a concession to the god of progressivity—it’s like a flat tax in reverse! There will be a Republican president again someday, and as we’ve seen, it is highly likely that government will face the same weak growth and high unemployment we face today. This is a tool as friendly to the conservatives’ ideology as they are likely to find.
Of the dozens of available programs online, there is a clear third choice. E-Poll provides a convenient online forum for you to express your opinions on a variety of issues that affect our daily lives. E-poll's goal is to give users an effective tool to project their voice through interactive surveys. Earn valuable reward points that can be converted to cash or traded in for gift cards and other exciting stuff. Sign up today to become an E-Poll member.
There are also several grants that are geared more towards specific locales or communities. A Block Grant is generally comprised of smaller, categorical grants, and is therefore a larger grant that is given to recipients to use as they see fit. Block grants are formula grants, and are often distributed to state or local governments for large-scale community projects and maintenance. Formula Grants distribute funds as predefined by the law. A formula grant is determined by pre-existing factors such as population, poverty level, taxes, or even housing density, and where a community or potential recipient falls on this formulaic spectrum indicates the amount of funds they are qualified to receive. Free Money On Pubg Mobile
Be careful to watch for scammers that falsely use HHS symbols and language to trick you and others. Fraudsters in the past have used the words and letters of HHS programs to give the false impression that their costly seminars or pay-per-use grant application tools are approved, endorsed, or authorized by HHS. HHS never endorses or uses private companies or individuals for these purposes. Free Money To Move Out Of State
Applying for financial aid largely consists of two steps. First, make sure you meet all the basic eligibility requirements for federal student aid. Next, submit a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) form. To remain eligible for federal grants, you need to file a FAFSA every year that you are enrolled in college. Keep in mind that you need to have all your tax info available, so be sure to file your taxes before attempting to complete the paperwork. Federal Grant Statistics
The Iraq and Afghanistan Service Grant (IASG) is a federal grant for students whose parent or guardian was member of the U.S. armed forces and died in service in Iraq or Afghanistan after 9/11. This is not a need-based grant. Students’ who qualify for the Pell Grant based on Expected Family Income are not eligible for this award. Students are allowed to meet other Pell requirements, other than eligibility based on EFC. Students also had to be less than 24 years old or enrolled at least part-time in higher education at the time of the parent/guardian’s death. The current annual award grants up to $5,311.71 for qualifying individuals. Free Money Spells That Work Overnight
The PENNY HOARDER℠, ℠, and  ℠ are service marks of Taylor Media Corp. Other marks contained on this website are the property of their respective owners. Taylor Media Corp. is not licensed by or affiliated with any third-party marks on its website and they do not endorse, authorize, or sponsor our content except as noted herein. Please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Federal Grant Reviewer Jobs
The helicopter money policy, by contrast, keeps government almost completely out of the picture. It distributes resources directly to citizens, with no limits on how they can spend it, thereby strengthening individual choice and the private sector, not government bureaucracies. It’s a stimulus Milton Friedman could love. And if everyone gets the same-sized check, there’s not even a concession to the god of progressivity—it’s like a flat tax in reverse! There will be a Republican president again someday, and as we’ve seen, it is highly likely that government will face the same weak growth and high unemployment we face today. This is a tool as friendly to the conservatives’ ideology as they are likely to find. Free Money Hacks 2018
Again, that may sound crazy. But the idea is to address the lack of aggregate demand in the economy in the simplest, most mechanical fashion: if the economy needs more aggregate demand, you give people money to spend, since when people (especially non-rich ones) have more money, they spend more money, and therefore aggregate demand increases. People who don’t spend the money outright might choose instead to pay down debt, leaving them more willing to use credit for future spending, and people who worry that the policy will create inflation will move their money from cash and savings to spending on durable goods. (And, remember, the policy won’t create excessive inflation so long as there is slack in aggregate demand.) Federal Grant Eligibility
The final nail in the coffin of the Great Moderation is what’s known as the zero lower bound, which means that the Fed funds rate cannot be pushed below zero (since, if there were negative interest rates, people would just hoard cash). In other words, the Fed’s interest rate accelerator has a maximum setting. And, it turns out, pushing the pedal all the way to the floor isn’t always enough to keep the economy going.
The fourth and final policy proposal on the table is what I’ll call the “helicopter money” option. It too is fairly simple. Under such a policy (which could be combined with aspects of the first three), every U.S. citizen would receive a regular payment, in the form of, say, a check from the Internal Revenue Service. The amount of each check would change depending on the health of the economy, but it could be fairly substantial during times of economic slack. To jar us out of our current slump, for instance, I’d start with payments on the order of $2,000 per person. These checks would arrive on an as-needed basis, depending on the state of the economy. Free Money Newsletter
Grant scammers generally follow a script: they congratulate you on your eligibility, then ask for your checking account information so they can “deposit your grant directly into your account,” or cover a one-time “processing fee.” The caller may even reassure you that you can get a refund if you’re not satisfied. In fact, you’ll never see the grant they promise; they will disappear with your money.
The laws governing federal grants are complex, expansive, and often confusing. We’ve been working with recipients of federal funds, including for-profit and not-for-profit organizations, local governments, colleges and universities, research institutions, and various health care and education entities for decades on proper grants management through the entire grants lifecycle. From drafting policies and procedures and establishing compliance, to responding to audit findings, our Federal Grants attorneys are with you every step of the way. Free Money Maker
Walrus-like warden, Sven "Swede" Sorenson, a cross between Bluto and Wimpy, runs the prison, murders convicts who escape, and has the FBI on his trail in the form of agent Karen Polarski, the daughter of the town's corrupt judge. Swede's twins tell their father they're pregnant (they aren't), so he pushes their dim boyfriends, Bud and Larry, into shotgun marriages. He also turns his sons-in-law into slave labor, so Bud hatches an escape plan: to rob a train carrying old bills to the mint for burning. Larry's his reluctant accomplice. When Bud is captured and railroaded into Swede's jail, his death looks certain, until he hatches yet another plan that requires Larry's help. Written by Federal Grant Bonus Program
Want to know how to make easy money? Taking surveys online as a mystery shopper, potential customer or just an everyday citizen is a time-tested way to earn money. Several sites let you make money taking surveys, but one of the best is Pinecone Research. The firm pays you in points, which you can cash out for $3, $5 or $15 payments depending on the number of points earned.
The Federal Pell Grant Program provides need-based grants to low-income undergraduate and certain postbaccalaureate students to promote access to postsecondary education. Students may use their grants at any one of approximately 5,400 participating postsecondary institutions. Grant amounts are dependent on: the student's expected family contribution (EFC) (see below); the cost of attendance (as determined by the institution); the student's enrollment status (full-time or part-time); and whether the student attends for a full academic year or less. Free Money Gta 5
Accumulate points called SB by searching the Web, completing surveys, watching videos, referring your friends, shopping in the app’s mall, completing special offers, voting in daily polls, finding swag codes and entering fun contests via social media and the Swagbucks blog. These points can be redeemed for gift cards from stores like Amazon, Target and Walmart or for PayPal cash. At time of writing, Swagbucks has given out $97,751,668 in destributed rewards. Download the app on your iOS or Android device. Free Money Downloading Apps
You’ll have to propose specific, measurable, results that you plan to achieve. Vague promises are not enough and will significantly dull your competitive edge. Stating that your organization’s project will “help children succeed,” “improve the quality of life,” “reduce hunger,” or “improve reading skills,” is not good enough. To get a big federal grant you’ll have to go much farther. Federal agencies want to know how many people will change, in what way, to what degree, within what time frame, and as measured by what? Start considering what changes you can realistically expect to achieve through your organization’s work. Free Money On Venmo
The National Science and Mathematics Access to Retain Talent (SMART) Grant picks up where the Academic Competitiveness Grant leaves off—providing funding for low-income third and fourth year college students. Eligible students must be Pell Grant recipients, academically talented and majoring in STEM fields or high need foreign languages. SMART Grant annual maximums are up to $4000 per qualified student. Free Money Definition
The second major policy option, championed by International Monetary Fund economist Olivier Blanchard, is functionally very similar to the negative interest rate proposal, although it’s a little sneakier. Right now, the Fed targets inflation of 2 percent. Raising the target to 4 or 5 percent (assuming it could be achieved) would discourage savings and promote spending in the same way that negative interest rates would, but without the probable outrage at having money subtracted from one’s bank account. Federal Grant Subrecipient Vs Vendor
Federal funders generally prefer projects that serve as prototypes or models for others to replicate; local government funders require strong evidence of community support for a project. The majority of government grants are awarded to eligible nonprofit organizations, not to individuals. Government grants nearly always have stiff reporting requirements. Careful record keeping is a must, since an audit is always a possibility.
Last on our list of free money apps is Ibotta. We all know keeping track of rebates can be a pain in the toosh. Filing away all those receipts and coupon cut-outs – who has time for all that? That’s where Ibotta comes in! Before you make your next retail therapy trip, download Ibotta and pick rebates from whichever retailers you’ll be shopping at. Then when you’re done shopping, snap a photo of your receipt and upload it into the app. You’ll get paid in actual cash, via Venmo or PayPal, within 48 hours – or get a gift card sent you. You can also score rebates on restaurants, movie theatres, and tons of other places. Federal Grant Rules
It´s 100% legal :D, but... to reach 3000 points it takes a lot of time. But if you are good at getting referral points from people that you recruit, you will reach that goal very fast. In my situation, it took me 9 months with no effort. I only got 660 referral points v: . The way to get that goal depends on you, good luck and trust pointprizes ;) . Free Money Jailbreak Hack
While it can be initially daunting to determine which type of grants an applicant or community can qualify for or should even pursue, the best first step is to narrow down the specific field of interest. Potential applicants can search through the government's extensive database of grants available, and narrow down their criteria by applicant type, assistance type or even subject area. Federal Grant Dept
In any case, we shouldn’t forget the relative simplicity of what’s wrong with our economy right now: it’s a simple divergence between incentives for production and those for consumption. The money supply is a very powerful tool to fix that misalignment of incentives, and its power is communal. It comes from the fact that it is accepted as a medium of exchange by all 310 million Americans. We should not fear to use that tool, and to provide badly needed help to millions of people in the process. Free Money Apps Iphone
While it can be initially daunting to determine which type of grants an applicant or community can qualify for or should even pursue, the best first step is to narrow down the specific field of interest. Potential applicants can search through the government's extensive database of grants available, and narrow down their criteria by applicant type, assistance type or even subject area. Free Money K Camp
File a complaint with the FTC. If you think you may have been a victim of a government grant scam, file a complaint with the FTC, or call toll-free, 1-877-FTC-HELP (1-877-382-4357); TTY: 1-866-653-4261. The FTC enters Internet, telemarketing, identity theft, and other fraud-related complaints into Consumer Sentinel, a secure online database available to hundreds of civil and criminal law enforcement agencies in the United States and abroad. Free Money Kundli
Don't pay any money for a "free" government grant. If you have to pay money to claim a "free" government grant, it isn't a government grant and it isn't really free. A real government agency won't ask you to pay a processing fee for a grant that you have already been awarded—or to pay for a list of grant-making institutions. Specifically, Federal government agencies and employees never ask people to wire money or use a prepaid debit card to pay for anything. Be careful. Prepaid cards and money transfers are like sending cash—once it's gone, you can't get it back.
You’ll have to propose a program approach that can realistically produce the results you expect to achieve. That means you’ll have to provide convincing evidence that the program is likely to work as you expect. Many federal agencies dictate that nonprofits use evidence-based approaches in programs supported with tax payer funds. Learn all you can about your field and what types of approaches have been proven to produce results. Gather documentation. Get your ducks in a row.
With the growth of technology and the Internet, online money-making opportunities are created every single day. However, we have grown tired of hearing about people getting scammed and ripped off by Internet “deals” that ask for your money without providing anything in return. Our goal at FreeMoney.com is to be your online trusted financial resource. Our site is updated frequently and we pride ourselves on presenting you with quality research to make sure the opportunities we recommend are legitimate and will work for you. Free Money Quidco
Don’t pay any money for a “free” government grant. If you have to pay money to claim a “free” government grant, it isn’t really free. A real government agency won’t ask you to pay a processing fee for a grant that you have already been awarded — or to pay for a list of grant-making institutions. The names of agencies and foundations that award grants are available for free at any public library or on the Internet. The only official access point for all federal grant-making agencies is www.grants.gov.
Earmark Grants are the last type of grant that the government doles out, although these grants have come under fire in recent years. The grants are determined by appropriations of the US Congress and are often secured with the help of high paid lobbyists. Recent research into the distribution of Earmark Grants conducted by the Congressional Research Service in the Fiscal Year 2006 found that over 12,852 earmark grants were dispersed for a total cost of $64 billion dollars. Federal Grant Seog
The Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education (TEACH) Grant Program was created in 2007 through the College Cost Reduction and Access Act to provide financial assistance for teachers of high-demand fields who work in low-income schools. Eligible students can receive up to $4,000 per year. Low-income elementary and secondary schools are designated by the Department of Education. High-demand fields of study include foreign language, special education, math and science. If a student receives the TEACH grant and does not teach, the grant becomes a Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loan. Free Money Spells To Win Lottery
Almost all of our grants (listed above) are awarded to students with financial need. If you are interested in our grants, or in any federal student aid, you have to start by submitting a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA®) form. You have to fill out the FAFSA form every year you’re in school in order to stay eligible for federal student aid. Once you’ve done that, you’ll work with your college or career school to find out how much you can get and when you’ll get it. Free Money In Gta Online
Financial need is determined by the U.S. Department of Education using a standard formula, established by Congress, to evaluate the financial information reported on the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) and to determine the family EFC. The fundamental elements in this standard formula are the student's income (and assets if the student is independent), the parents' income and assets (if the student is dependent), the family's household size, and the number of family members (excluding parents) attending postsecondary institutions. The EFC is the sum of: (1) a percentage of net income (remaining income after subtracting allowances for basic living expenses and taxes) and (2) a percentage of net assets (assets remaining after subtracting an asset protection allowance). Different assessment rates and allowances are used for dependent students, independent students without dependents, and independent students with dependents. After filing a FAFSA, the student receives a Student Aid Report (SAR), or the institution receives an Institutional Student Information Record (ISIR), which notifies the student if he or she is eligible for a Federal Pell Grant and provides the student's EFC. Federal Grant Supplanting
Our attorneys are well versed in the problems that can arise when federal requirements meet real-world situations. We help clients through pre- and post-award matters, such as financial and program requirements, procurements, property issues, termination and enforcement, as well as how best to prepare for and respond to government reviews, audits, and cost disallowances. Federal Grant Lawyer
This is an incredible opportunity to earn money online. As a result we delay making direct payments for up to 30 days, to ensure there are no excessive chargebacks or any kind of abuse. So make sure you're honest and provide the correct information when completing offers. Our sophisticated chargeback system ensures that fraudulent information will not be counted. In particularly abusive cases we will ban accounts. Free Money Management Classes Near Me
Sometimes, it’s an ad that claims you will qualify to receive a “free grant” to pay for education costs, home repairs, home business expenses, or unpaid bills. Other times, it’s a phone call supposedly from a “government” agency or some other organization with an official sounding name. In either case, the claim is the same: your application for a grant is guaranteed to be accepted, and you’ll never have to pay the money back. Federal Grant Law
State and regional directories can also be found with some research. Try using the Community Foundation Locator to find a grant-making foundation in your region. You may also use your preferred web search engine to find your state's grant or foundation directory. Local libraries may have access to subscription-based search engines or the Foundation Center Cooperating Collections, so visit your library to work with them for assistance. Free Money Hack Apk
2. If you own a car, you can signup to be an uber.com or lyft.com driver. You can work as much or as little as you want to depend on your availability. You need to pass a background check and make sure that you have a clean vehicle without mechanical issues. You are rated by passengers it pays to be professional & courteous to passengers. You may even be offered a bonus when you signup as a driver! Free Money Lottery Online
We have all said I need money. But did you know you can make free cash by taking internet surveys and reading e-mails? Yes, you can make money online for free! These programs have been helping people in need of cash and money for years now. These are not get rich quick schemes. No, but you will be able to make some extra dollars in your spare time from your computer. All you have to give is a few minutes of your time; you do not need to pay anything. So what have you got to lose? It is 100% completely free money. I have reviewed and rated many different survey companies. Federal Grants Wire
An accomplished student and athlete at George Mason University was not accepted to any sororities at the university. Her sister Lillie believes this is because she has Down syndrome. "Accepting a woman with a disability to a chapter isn't an act of charity, it brings diversity and promotes inclusion," Lillie Heigl wrote in her letter to the head of the university's Greek life. [...]
Grants, especially government grants, are some of the best financial aid available, and typically base themselves on need. Like scholarships, grants do not usually require repayment. There are many kinds of student grants available at national, state, college, and organizational levels. Federal grants provided by the United States government make up some of the most common sources of financial aid for undergraduates. Free Money By Mail
Also i see in a song it refers to a chord the IV/IV - I am familiar with secondary dominants but I have not heard or IV/IV only V/IV can anyone explain this to me?
Square phrasing means that all melodic lines are either 2 or 4 measures long and the section is 8, 16 or 32 measures long. It's a kind of symmetry thing.
IV/IV is like a secondary subdominant. Pitch-wise it's the same as bVII chord, but the IV/IV emphasises its relation to the IV chord in the neighbour (usually following the IV/IV chord)
OMG I could hardly breath during the final HOH and the voting. What looked to be a bummer ending turned out fantastic with Jordan winning and Jeff getting America's favorite player. Sometimes in this messed up world good really does shine through. I did feel slightly sorry for Kevin when Natalie was rattling off all the strong players that she aligned with and left Kevin off the list. Also was surprised by how angry Ronnie was to be left out of the loop on knowing Natalie's age. Lydia was her usual classless self saying there were two witches left in the game, she should take a look in the mirror if she would like to see a real witch.
I think her gameplay in the last two weeks and her composure tonight with her HONEST answers to the jury questions cinched it for her. Well deserved......kudos to a deserving player.
Ya see!!! Ms. Jinx (that would be me), who jinxes all football games and whatever she watches was not really there the last week or so and LOOK what happens!!!
You did everything exactly right for yourself...EVERYTHING!!! I'm so proud of you. Hard earned and very much deserved!
Such a sweetie, I was so happy to see her reunite with her mom and brother last night too. Her mom's gotta be so proud of her!!
It's so crazy to think back on the last few weeks and to what Jeff was telling her when he knew he was leaving and she was so upset cause she thought he deserved to stay over her. About how it just wasn't meant for him, but that things happen for a reason and that maybe this was meant for her. Gives me goosebumps to think about!
Did anyone notice when the girls went out the door of the house, Jordon didn't even hold the door for Nat?
@ michael I TOO WAS ROUTING FOR JORDO ALL SEASON!!! she is from my neighboring st of nc i am in va..
@ kc ty for reminding me about how she wanted jeff to stay and not her omg she was realy so giving trew the whole season i had for got about her crying to jeff and telling him he deserved it more..
they r the sweetest couple ever and i am glade they cut nat out of the early show and had the j's on as well as them at cbs premer night love them to every one for all the vids and pic's this has been a great season..
Jordan deserved it and I wish her well with the money. She did win competitions when she needed to, even though people will say she rode Jeff's coat tails the whole time.
I loved the advice Jeff gave Aras last night during the reunion. "Pay your taxes". Obviously a zing to Richard Hatch. I laughed so hard.
I also liked how Jeff mocked the fact that Danielle was constantly "confused and lost" in all the challenges, but somehow won the most important one. I think that a final two of Terry and Aras would have been interesting.
Eh, in the words of Shane, "neither one on you deserve it, and since I can't abstain, pick a number between one and a million"
As for Shane's question. Why did Aras pick such a low number? Especially if the number were up to a million? That almost guaranteed Danielle to get that vote. All she had to say was 5 (Aras said four right?).
There is a range from one to a million. Whoever gets closest, wins my vote. Aras picks 4. Danielle could have picked any number from 5 to 1,000,000 and she would have won. Thats a big chance.
\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\" RFF official web board antagonist naked flamin\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\' stalker \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\"
Well he might have if he hadn't wussed out and jumped off because of a head nod from Danielle, he's just lucky she took him
Some people are like slinkies...not really good for anything but still bring a smile to your face when you push them down a flight of stairs
I LOVE when Shane stood up and said "YOU'RE HOMELESS AND FREELOAD OFF YOUR DAD". I was thinking "this is coming from a man who thought a piece of wood was a blackberry"
Terry and Aras would have been a good one. I just think Terry would win it because he could pitch the "I dominated" line. It would be a tough call though. Aras screwed alot of Casaya members, which Terry didnt do. I think he would have that on his side.
Do you or anybody else know what the # was? I would have picked one million and it looked like a large # but couldn't tell exactly what it was.
Maybe puddin, banzai or someone else that's good at this stuff could blow up that picture of the vote
Aras revealed that he knew that Shane's favorite number was four and that's why he said it right out immediately. Shane just wasn't going to vote for Aras anyway. The question didn't matter. Danielle agreed, saying that Shane was complaining about not knowing her for the time they were on the island, yet he was friends with Aras and Aras didn't get his vote, so that was a useless point.
Anyway shane says hes not mad at Aras anymore but was hurt at the time and now wishes he had voted for Aras .
Ihttp://www.incredible-adventures.com/cape-town-jets-news-2010aug.htm lt has already been tried but not that easy....
Lightning? - No Way! Though as an ex No.2(T) Sqn [Coltishall] avionics fitter, it would be awesome! I was fortunate to have 2 trips in a T5 and, despite the first one toppling my gyros for 4 days with motion sickness, it was one of the highlights of my RAF career- thanks to Wg Cdr Paul Hobley, Sqn OC.
And while much has been documented about the incessant leaks and poor fire integrity, the crash in Cape Town in 2009 which resulted in the death of one of Thunder City's pilots was the end of the line for Mike Beachy Head's operation when the SA CAA withdrew his company's operating permit.
The aircraft suffered hydraulic failure after a fire started in the rear of the fuselage. The pilot, Dave Stock, was killed because his ejection seat failed due to poor maintenance practices. As it happened, the T5, ZU-BEX [previously RAF no. XS451] was one of the two aircraft I flew in mentioned above.
As I remember, there were no internal fuel tank bladders in the wings, hence the large number of bins underneath the jets when in the hangar as well as liberal amounts of "swoop" [a.k.a. Chicken S"*t] spread around! The amount of "PRC" mastic used to plug the leaks must have increased the all up weight of 1 or 2 of the beasties!
So no CAA approval - indeed they weren't event granted permission to fly out of the UK to South Africa when the Buccaneers were.
TSR2.. completely way out there because the project was cancelled. but to get one of the remaining at least Taxiable would be amazing!
still in Service so RR couldn't say they've not got the experience on the Pegusus and Spares are all over the place ..
My 'realistic' pool would be Lightning, Buccaneer & Harrier from which I'd probably plump for the Lightning though it's fag paper close.
If The Trust wish to carry out a worthwhile heritage restoration project to get an iconic & enormously popular plane back in the air, here is my even more unrealistic list;
Talking after Gaydon on the Final Display sortie Dr Plemming was discussing what could come next. Someone mentioned the Lightning and he said 'no way' as it had been so dangerous when in service, killing more pilots than the infamous Starfighter. Ditto Concorde as BAS had point-blank said they wouldn't support it. A couple of people (me included) mentioned the Harrier, which he didn't comment on, his preference being the Mosquito (equal first in my book) which is already underway of course, with Bill Ramsey already involved.
There is no other Aircraft that would motivate me to go out of my way to see it display...apart from another Vulcan.
I am planning on keeping up with my membership to the club, just as long as it's worth the money...after all, I am a Yorkshireman!!!
I really don't know what would motivate me to the level of support that I've given the Vulcan over the last 12 or so years.
As far as jets are concerned I have reservations about them flying in civilian hands post Shoreham (and Carfest) and much as I enjoyed seeing Lightnings fly in the past I would be very anti any attempt to get one back in the air as even with the greatest of care I feel it could be an accident waiting to happen. I'd rather see F.16s or similar doing their thing at far less cost and being modern probably far safer.
This has made me think a bit following yesterday's newsletter though (and I could open a can of worms here), I have a standing order to the Trust 'for the maintenance and operation of Vulcan XH558' - and now I presume preservation as well. If they have a desire to get involved in other projects:
2: if they get involved in other projects would I have any say in what those projects are and if I didn't wish to support and if point 1 is not met, could my donation to '558 be ring fenced for the intended purpose or would it be a case of 'hard luck' at which point I would have to walk away.
I suppose the same could be asked of my club membership, if from time to time the club continues to hand over money to the Trust, will they get an assurance that such monies will go solely towards'558 rather than other projects?
Resurrect another post........ http://www.vulcantothesky.org/smf/index.php?topic=6069.msg67533#msg67533
looks like somebody is hoping to answer my dreams: https://www.facebook.com/BigginHillHeritageHangar/posts/841733992601009
Indeed, excellent news about the 'Mossie', this would get me to airshows with the same fervour as XH558.
Український Клуб - Форум Шанувальників Німецьких Бусиків Volkswagen Club • Просмотр темы - летняя резина
The course of the lectures is designed for students of higher medical educational establishments. The lectures can be used as an integrated curriculum in which ready access to biochemical information is required. The ...
1) Train operating company, Great North Eastern Railway. Operates services from London to the North and Scotland via the East Coast main line.
| Train operating company, Great North Eastern Railway. Operates services from London to the North and Scotland via the East Coast main line. | GNER
Powered by WordPress Copyright © 2018 avenue-des-champs-élysées.com	All rights reserved	News Magazine Theme 640 designed by antisocialmediallc.com
I’ve been using this array for almost a month now and it has been pretty stable. I moved a lot of data though – definitely more than the size of the disks. Windows has been reinstalled a couple of times with full backups of my apps and multimedia […]
Meet BOSS. He lives with THUMPER and follows him everywhere he goes. It took BOSS a little while to join the "pack" of fun, but once he got over the initial fear of the new surroundings, there was nothing holding this fella back! GOOD BOY!
Do not let the small size of this guy fool you one bit. He holds his own among any size dog for sure. He ignores his name, and has "selective" hearing when giving commands. However, he is a very happy and smart dog. I am honored to care for him.
This beautiful girl has had a very abusive past which makes her very shy and skittish. However, she does interact with the other 12 dogs that were boarding at the same time she was. I hope to get to work with her some more for her fear issues. I think through massage, acupressure,and maybe treadmill training will help her come out of her "shell." No worries SUMMER, you are a good girl!
Striking the pose is RYAN. He loves sniffing the ground, watching the others play chase, and hang out in the living room on his comfy bed. Very well mannered and easy going boy. Love having him as part of the family
KITTY lives in the same household as TUX. However, KITTY prefers to be left alone and does not want to be around strangers. She is beautiful, smart, and easygoing. I hop
This large cat is called TUX because he actually looks like he is wearing one! Unfortunately he is very overweight, but the owners and the vet are working close to help him with this issue. I too want to try to see if he will be willing to walk or run on a treadmill to help his diet, exercise, and weight cont
This is PUMPKIN who lives with Crystal. She is a rescued shelter dog with serious trust issues. Very skittish, but friendly and curious about things. I hope to work with her to overcome her fears and gain confinden
Meet Crystal, she is very friendly, happy, and loves to play. She is in her kennel recovering from a should ligament injury so her activity is keep to minimal. She will be starting massage/acupressure therapy soon. Looking forward to helping her recoup from this setback quickly and efficently.
Waste Management Recycle America (WM Recycle America) is a long-term venture established by Waste Management 20 years ago. Since then we have handled over 55 million tons of recyclable commodities.
Our goal is to improve the sustainability and future growth of recycling programs to ensure that they work for everyone.
Our vision is a reinvigorated recycling industry which offers communities and businesses more effective and affordable recycling program options.
WM Recycle America provides manufacturers with the secure, consistent stream of high-quality raw materials they need to maintain operational efficiency.
We offer municipalities cost-efficient, environmentally sound recycling programs. And we deliver opportunities for improved return on investment all along the recycling chain.
To make us your one-stop recycling resource or if you have questions, contact us via email at WM Recycle America.
Flipkart has Mikado ML100P Analog Watch - For Women for Rs.999.00 - Rs.700.00 (Instant Discount) = Rs.299.00 plus Shipping charges
It is critical to incorporate exercises into your routine that you can do long term when you’re past your prime so you don’t take it too far and leave your older self injured.
Swimming and biking are the epitome of this rule of thumb, but it’s hard to find pool time or road space, and biking machines get boring.
You can reap the benefits of both of these low impact and joint friendly activities using these resistance bands . These ones are high quality so you won’t worry about them not holding up, and they come in fun colors with a carrying bag and instruction booklet as a nice touch.
Speaking of awesome, full body low impact activities, surfing is arguably the best activity to engage in.
Unfortunately, many will live their lives without reaping its benefits due to the steep learning curve, price, and scant locations (not everyone has the free time and money to live the surf bum life of the Endless Summer like Robert August and Mike Hynson).
Simulate the incredible benefits and fun of surfing at home with this awesome balance ball kit , which just like the waves, is an unpredictable surface for you to exercise on top of and develop balance for better health physically and mentally.
Everyone needs solid motivation when working out, and your favorite pump up tunes have carried you through some of your best workouts.
Nothing is worse, however, than being in the middle of your favorite jam during a vigorous workout, and your phone slips, causing your headphones to unplug.
This total vibe killer not only ruins your flow, but makes you turn down the intensity and thus the calorie burning of that jump squat to pushup to pullup workout you were doing.
Save yourself from any sort of headphone unplugging or cord tripping without breaking your wallet: this manufacturer direct pair is the best on the market when it comes to a great quality with a great price tag.
For you overachievers who dove deep in the rabbit hole of fitness and are on that macro micro stuff and can use some perfectly portioned stuff for each macro and micro nutrients, these containers will be your new jam.
Even if you don’t know nor don’t care what micro or macro even means when it comes to dietary stuff, you can still use these fun containers that will remind you to balance out your nutrients. These ones even come with a handy recipe book. You’ll impress your friends and coworkers in the process too!
Every serious gym goer and athlete knows that the real benefits are reaped in between workouts during the recovery period.
Proper recovery lets you put a worthy amount effort into your next workout so you can gather compounded rewards.
Nothing is worse than having a structured workout plan and being sore on your scheduled workout day from days before. Not only will you give a half hearted effort that will burn only half the calories, you may even skip the workout day so you can rest more.
One of the best ways to drastically reduce soreness time is to get a massage. Not all of us have paper like that though, and it’s tough to sort through all of the options of at home gadgets that will mimic healing hands.
This sleek and stylish massage pillow is a great option for those who don’t want something that looks like the gift massage pad they bought for their grandma last year.
It’s even low key enough for the office so you can keep the blood flowing in the lower back so you’re better warmed up for the gym later that night.
Join our mailing list to keep up with the latest, newest & coolest products from the top online retailers on the internet! We also do a weekly drawing for lucky winner of a $25 Amazon gift card! Join today so you don't miss out! :)
We're always picking the best products and sharing them with YOU. Join our list and get notified about our latest favorites first!
Questions regarding the authoring of Viewlets, installation or possible bugs with our products. For urgent issues, please use our support form on our website: http://www.qarbon.com/help/helpme.php
I am trying to find a way to administer a survey to 30 primary school students. This survey is on bullying. I am trying to find a way to validate the users who logon. I need to make sure that all 30 students take the survey, and that they can be identified.
(and have all thirty names as correct, student just selects their name, but this does not stop students using other students names)
Is there a way to input a list of student names and passwords, so that when they use the first slide, they can only be admitted when username and password match?
There isn't a way to load in usernames/passwords...but you can turn on the LOGIN/PASSWORD option in ViewletQuiz and provide them with the password. You would then go into Language and change the LOGIN label to Enter Name or Student ID, etc...then use email reporting or ViewletCentral to connect the results.
Also, I realise that "reserving" a specific username and password is not possible using VQ, or any software for that matter, because, in my case, as a school generates a common IP address, there's NO WAY an individual student can be identified (can probably only identify which one school the students were from!).
My workaround to this is to use the "low tech" way of specifying to the students that they are to use their names as in their class list when logging on. Since it's only 30 students you have, it won't be too difficult to administer that all 30 students did log in to take the survey and you should be able to see the duplicates in names or those that try to use "avatar names" instead, where a manual check on the class list would reveal who that student should be!
I just tried a trial version of viewletbuilder6 pro and created a test slide and quiz. I have registered an ViewletCentrel account.
1) I activated the Require Viewer to logon in the Project Propeties => Viewlet Options, however when I tried to preview it in the browser it only ask for username. The Login and Password field is missing.
2) If we published the quiz to our locally web server, is there a way to setup that after user click submit, it will automatically send the quiz to ViewletCentral Online or Corporate version. We want it this way so that user see it as transparent and without the hassle to have another account in the ViewletCentral.
3) Are there any other way to collect user information into ViewletCentral from the quiz without using or creating any user account?
I tested one quiz without required logon, however it shows the viewer IP address only. In this case we dont' know who is that employee. We want to be to capture basic employee number, name and department information and show that in the Viewlet Reporting.
4) In the Viewlet Central, will there be any other analysis reporting. The online version 1.8 x71 does not seems to have much reporting option.
The only way the results will record in Qarbon hosted or Self-Hosted ViewletCentral is if its published and launched from the software. Your best bet would be to purchase a self-hosted server that you could control locally/internally within your organization.
Yes. This is what the Require users to Login panel does. If this is turned off then we collect IP address by default. When this is enabled we post that information to that field (Viewer). You can also change the Language of that prompt in Project Properties>Language
There are several places to review and extract the data. The question type will also determine if a graph is displayed too. Please let me know what you were looking
for exactly so I can provide navigation instructions. ViewletCentral is not 'heavy' on reports but we give you the ability to extract the data to CSV to analyze.
You would want to compile to SCORM 1.2 or 2004. To do this you would choose a local folder as your publishing destination and a set of reporting options
Are there any possibility to customize that additional employee information like name is enter during the first page ?
Seriously Qarbon should be thinking of customer request on this area. At least some change to make it better.
Optional information could be customized during the very first page makes a long of different. And this information can be capture into database as well.
This is planned for future releases which we are working on. This isn't something we can change overnight.
I am looking for customize grading and to be able to display them as report. I can't find this in the ViewletCentral.
Also for assessment purpose, there should be a security feature whereby employee need to login and take the request. In this way cheating is lessen.
Hey, watch this guy out, he has some amazing arrangements of some Queen songs and plays very clearly. www.youtube.com , www.youtube.com
Yeah the guy is fantastic. Made me thinking about recording some of my own arrangements (YTMBA is my current favourite).
To reach Dwarka in this distance one would set out from Sadovo bearing 104.2° or ESE and follow the great circles arc to approach Dwarka bearing 129° or SE .
Dwarka is in or near the subtropical thorn woodland biome whereas Sadovo is in or near the cool temperate steppe biome.
Average monthly temperatures vary by 13.9 °C (25°F) less in Dwarka. The continentality subtype is barely hyperoceanic as opposed to subcontinental.
Total annual precipitation averages 252 mm (9.9 in) less which is equivalent to 252 l/m² (6.18 US gal/ft²) or 2,520,000 l/ha (269,405 US gal/ac) less. About 1/2 as much.
↑ “Detective investigating Debra Lafave has also been arrested” WTSB-Tampa Bay News Report, 9/16/2005
↑ Former teacher who had sex with student back in trouble, CNN, December 4, 2007. Accessed July 15, 2008.
While it may sometimes be challenging to see immediately how some resistance exercises translate in real life, it certainly isn’t the case with step-ups. After all, we do some on an everyday basis simply climbing up stairs, don’t we? Yes. And no. Step-ups seem like a really simple exercise, but there are a couple of… Read More »
Chakras are integrated with Reiki in Western countries. The body has seven major chakras, from the root (perineum) up to the crown (the top of the head). These meditations are performed to feel unique energy within the body and around. Meditating regularly will activate and maintain the energy levels in the body.Most of the people… Read More »
Armpit odor is a common issue but it really makes sufferers feel embarrassed. The main cause of this condition is bacteria that live on your skin. They interact with proteins in your sweat in your underarms and release certain smells into the air. Here are some simple tips for you to get rid of underarm… Read More »
For 25 years, CWSAMS has provided continuous support to the U.S. Dept of the Treasury and its legacy agencies..
Welcome to the 10th annual edition of Postal Facts — a great resource for everyone on what we do and how we..
GSA, serves a vital role in US President's agenda to freeze the federal footprint, rebuild our nation’s infrastructure &
Aiken Electric Cooperative annually mails Capital Credit checks to our qualified member owners who have..
Former members, whose capital credit refunds from a portion of 1989 margins and all of 1990 margins have..
Capital credits are member’s share of the cooperative’s margins for a year in which revenues exceeded expenses.
Anza Electric Cooperative is a not-for-profit electric utility and any excess revenue is given back to our members..
Electricity first began to flow across the land in the 1930's. However, the prospect of electric service in the rural..
It PAYS to be a member of Beltrami Electric Cooperative, Inc.! Earning and receiving capital credits is one of the..
It is the purpose of a cooperative to provide a needed service at cost. In order to be financially stable, a coop..
Capital Credits are a popular benefit for our members and a good example of the many ways we put service ..
Blue Ridge Electric Cooperative has unclaimed capital credits for the following persons. As required by state..
Broad River Electric Cooperative could owe you or someone you know some money. There are more than..
Capital Credits are retired. After 3 years, any unclaimed funds go to the state. Over the past five years, the..
December of 2012 Pea River Electric Coop mailed out capital credit checks to those members who had capital
We are currently searching for members that had service with us for whom we attempted to send capital credit..
UNCLAIMED CAPITAL CREDIT CHECKS FOR 2012. Names list of customers who were due Capital Credit Checks for
Unclaimed Customer Credits. Cordova Telephone has closed accounts w/credit balances. Please call our office..
CVEA is a nonprofit coop corporation owned by its members. The Board of Directors of the Cooperative is..
CVEA unclaimed capital credits on the books still have members who we are unable to locate. If you find your..
CPS Energy has unclaimed funds valued at $100or less from un-cashed checks, deposits or refunds from June..
The following former members have Dividend Checks that have not yet been claimed. If you know the whereabouts
DMEA is looking for the members and former members on this list who are due “cash back” (capital credits that..
Its a bungalow but I live in the loft. The garden is awesome and it's a really quiet street which really takes some getting used to as my old street always had people drinking on the corner and selling drugs...downside is that it is further on the bus and further away from shops.
I Dream Of Black is my favourite one (i.e. monumentally incredible) but they're all worth a listen and you might REALLY like Yalla
anyway your song is killah - what a breakdown!! always knew you had it in you. lovely organ touches too
There's A Ghost In My House: DiS Talks The Fall & The Extricated With Brix Smith Start about 14 hours ago
One-man beat maestro Kieran Hebden takes his Four Tet project on the road this Autumn and takes a DiS favourite band with him.
Explosions in the Sky will join Kieran on the majority of dates around the British isles with their ultimately epic, beautiful post-rock. Is this the best news all year?
If you’re in the business of writing chart-bothering indie tunes one important point you’ll need to consider is what letter you’re going to use for your scatting bits.
For instance, you know where you are with a ‘laa’. Simple, understated, shamelessly overused by Suede, it says: yes, I may have run out of lyrics, but surely we can overcome this in a civilized fashion. A ‘naa’, on the other hand, shuns bourgeois respectability in favour of surly braggadocio – see Liam Gallagher’s thunderous bray at the end of ‘Champagne Supernova’.
Interestingly, 1990s have opted for a ‘baa’, a brave move since traditionally this connotes the catchiest of all scats, viz The Cure’s ‘Love Cats’, The Boo Radleys’ ‘Wake Up Boo’, Babybel adverts and so forth. So, does it pay off? Well… Ish.
If this is all seeming rather frivolous, that’s because it is: 1990s are hardly a band meriting in-depth critique, and no doubt they’d be the first to admit it. Hence, ‘See You At The Lights’ is a mildly entertaining romp incorporating cheesy disco elements into an endearingly clumsy indie stomp, like being cajoled onto the dancefloor by an embarrassingly flat-footed friend. Think Chic meets Shine 4, and not especially hitting it off.
B-side ‘Super Legal’ is better: a slinky, Franzish canter with a goofy guest appearance from CSS’ Lovefoxxx, it sounds like an in-joke you actually don’t mind listening to. It’s also a timely reminder that Lovefoxxx could fart on a badger’s balls right now and still have the hipsters frothing at the loins, and come to think of it probably already has.
Compound exercises are multi-joint movements that work several muscles or muscle groups at one time. These moves help build overall strength. If you want to maximize calorie burn in a short amount of time, this is the way to go! Here are a few of my favorite compound moves: * Thrusters * Burpees (with weights) * Kettlebell swings (I didn’t have any kettlebells so I used a dumbbell - hold it tight so it doesn’t go flying! Lol) * Any movement with a squat in it 😝 . . After a few rounds of these moves, I was feeling the burn! 🔥 . What are your favorite #CompoundExercises ? . . #getfitwithdrsheba #fitchick #thrusters #burpees #kettkebell #kettlebellswing #healthcoach #thickfit #beachbody #fit4life #fit4me #thickthighssavelives #DrSheba #fullbodywork #legs #calorieburn
After we visited country # 💯, many people asked us “What’s next?” Our response- “Country # 101.” 🤷🏽‍♀️ 😝 🤷🏽‍♀️ . . Greetings from Trafalgar Falls in Dominica 🇩🇲 !!! . . This is the wooden viewing platform of the Trafalgar Falls viewing area, where we were able to get some great photos of both falls. ° The Father Falls, has a drop of around 278 feet, and the Mother Falls, with a drop of around 131 feet, make up the Trafalgar Falls. As you face them, the Father Falls are on the left-hand side and the Mother Falls on the right. ° ➡️ @RoadTo100Countries ⬅️ #follow #tag #jointhemovement 🌍 #Dominica 🇩🇲 #TrafalgarFalls #roadto100countries #travellife #livingmybestlife
Pumpkin everything!!! 🎃 It’s still pumpkin season right...? All of the pumpkins at @wegmans have been replaced with Christmas plants, trees and firs 🌲 (which makes me excited because I LOVE Christmas 🎄 !) . . Anyways... I eat oatmeal almost every day. Typically I only buy plain steel cut oats because there’s not added sugar or sweeteners... but this #pumpkin #spice oatmeal is too good to pass up! Have you tried this one? What’s your favorite pumpkin inspired dish??? 👇🏽👇🏽👇🏽 . #nomnom #pumpkinspice #breakfast #getfitwithdrsheba #notsponsored #butitshouldbe 😝 @quaker
I don’t need to reiterate the importance of voting. The importance of exercising your right. I shouldn’t have to. Just know, your note matters. Your voice matters. Vote for your family. Vote for your children. Vote for your conscious. Vote for change. #IVoted #vote4change
I. Love. Breakfast. Food. 🍳!!! This was yesterday’s brunch... 😋 A complete breakfast: Scrambled eggs 🍳 with veggies, #vegan sausage (❌🐮❌), broccoli 🥦 and sliced #avocado 🥑 with oatmeal on the side, topped with pumpkin seeds, sliced almonds and craisins ... protein, carbs, good fat and veggies. YUM!!! 🤤 #foodie #thickfit #breakfast #vegan #vegetarian #healthyeats #healthybreakfast #completebreakfast #healthcoach #getfitwithdrsheba
Dr. Sheba is also a Certified Health Education Specialist and Health and Fitness Coach. She assists individuals, group and organizations improve their health and well-being by incorporating simple fitness and nutrition strategies into their everyday lives.
seattle sounders centurylink field seating chart stadium charts stadiums of pro football wa seahawks,field seats com seattle seahawks centurylink seating chart sounders wa,not selling tickets to people in for seattle sounders centurylink field seating chart wa seahawks,sounders seating map seattle centurylink field chart seahawks wa,centurylink field seattle wa seating chart section seat views seahawks sounders,seattle seahawks centurylink field seating chart football stadium stadiums of sounders wa,centurylink field seattle wa seating chart events in sounders seahawks,seattle sounders centurylink field seating chart section seat views seahawks wa,seattle sounders centurylink field seating chart seahawks season tickets at on wa,centurylink field seattle wa seating chart seahawks tickets sounders.
When you are looking for a professional and enthusiastic Realtor® in Winchester, Virginia, Dave Spence is here to help. I represent real estate buyers, sellers, and investors with a level of local expertise that is second-to-none.
Our handmade gates are generally made to order although we keep a few standard sizes in stock, made to measure gates can take between 3-14 days to be produced.
If you put your post code into the calculator it will give you the exact delivery charge to your area.
The Fencing Centre & Stable Structure Group have been supplying fencing products for 30 years. Now located in Dorset, Somerset, Devon, Hampshire and Oxford you can visit any of our 7 stores or you can buy online.
Ferguson Electric Company is an electrical contractor proudly based in Cobourg, Ontario and serving the Greater Toronto Area as well as Northumberland County and surrounding areas. In our firm’s over 20 years of operation, we have provided professional client services in the following areas:
It has been our pleasure to serve the community and surrounding areas for over 20 years, and we look forward to many more years serving our communities!
We have a strong team of professionals on our staff to help you ensure your electrical projects are professionally completed. From our strong administrative staff in the office, to our skilled electricians and knowledgeable apprentices, we all work together as a team to provide the best service possible to our clients.
Calling all families with young children! Join us as we play, learn and explore the many resources and programs available for early childhood and kindergarten readiness. Gain access to valuable organizations and services from around Orange County along with plenty of fun activities to grow your little one’s mind.
Contact Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Member of the Fun4USKids network. Interested in starting a site in your area? Click here to find out more!
I’m having WIP withdrawals, so I decided to snap some pictures of my current project. I told myself I was going to do a completely OOB model after the 10-month Hazels project, but since I’m building another HGUC Sazabi, which several people have already built, I had to do something.
I snapped the kit while finishing the Hazels, but didn’t do any serious work until they were done. Of the HGUC Sazabis I’ve seen done, this is my favorite:
I’ve done a few panel lines before, but only straight lines on flat surfaces, so making curvy panel lines over compound curves was a new challenge. I made them using Dymo labeling tape to make templates and scribing the lines with a sewing needle held in a pinvise.
To make the templates I first covered the area I was going to line with a piece of Tamiya masking tape. I would then fold it over the edge (most of my panel lines are parallel to an edge) and mark the edge with the side of a sharpie. That way, when I pulled the tape off, I would have a 2D shape that would match the contours of the model. I would then mark some reference points at an even distance from the sharpie line and draw a line on the tape.
I would put this piece of tape over the Dymo tape and then cut the Dymo with a new sharp Xacto blade. I’d measure a few reference marks on the model, and put the Dymo place in tape, then scribe the panel line along the edge. Overall it worked pretty well. I’ll have to fix some slips with Mr. Surfacer, but less than I expected.
When you make panel lines, the plastic on the edges are pushed upwards, and you have to get them back to level. I shaved them first with the edge of the Xacto knife and then sanded the surface and then ran the needle back through the line to remove the sanding dust.
After the panel lines were finally done, I went to work adding other surface detail with metal beads and balls and Koto bits. Here’s the rear skirt that’s representative of what I’m doing. I added round molds to the boring blank circles in the black detail. I also added some to the blank squares above the lower vents. I’m not replacing all the thrusters, but the ones on the sides of the skirt had really soft detail because of where they were on the mold. I drilled them out and I’m replacing them with Koto thrusters.
I’m currently about halfway done with this kind of detailing. Since I had the day off for Veteran’s day yesterday, I switched to my two “big” modifications. The first is the crest on the head. Maybe it’s because I had cockatiels as a kid, but I like the Zeon crests pushed forwards more. I tilted the crest on my Zaku I forward and I’m doing the same on my Sazabi:
It still needs work and I’ve cut off the little antennae on the sides. I have to decide whether to replace them or just leave them off.
The other thing is the gun. The HGUC gun is better than the even stubbier gun on the MG Sazabi, but I wanted it to be longer. I also decided I didn’t like the handle on top, so I chopped it off:
I tried this look below, king of an SMG, but I want the gun longer, not shorter, so I didn’t stay with it, even though it would have been so easy:
So I added about ½ inch to the barrel, and turned the end upside down. I’m going to replace the handle with a scope or something, but it will be parallel with the barrel of the gun, and not slanted like the original handle.
Got quite a bit done over the weekend (I work Sun-Thurs, so my weekend just ended). I’m nearly done detailing all the parts. Mostly what I did aside from the panel lines was just drilling out small holes for beads and balls. I just have to detail the two red pieces on either side of the chest, but since they’re gonna need quite a bit of work I put them off until last. I want to open up the vent slots, but there are six in all and I’m not looking forward to it.
I cut apart the closed funnels (they come attached to each other in threes, one of the few places this kit lacks quality) and drilled out the tips with a 1mm drill bit which fits an IC pin perfectly, creating a nice gun barrel. I did the same for the beam cannon on the torso.
I’m almost done modding the head and gun as well. This kit is very well engineered and here are the only places I’m using Mr. Surfacer as putty, with the exception of mistakes in panel lining. If I had built the kit stock, the only thing to fix would have been the seam line on the gun:
Hopefully I’ll be priming next weekend. Painting this kit should be very easy as the parts breakdown is very good. I’ll only have to mask a few thrusters molded into the rear skirt and crotch piece. I hope to have it all done by the end of the year, even with the holiday rush and my normal slow pace.
I’ve been accused by Gamerabaenre of having AMS, Advanced Modeler’s Syndrome. At first I took it as a backhanded compliment, thinking it meant a syndrome suffered by advanced modelers. Now I realize it’s just a syndrome modelers get and my case is advanced.
Then I succumbed to peer pressure from Mechanoid Paranoid and lengthened the propellant tanks using Evergreen 7/16” tube, which is almost exactly the same diameter, but not quite. I sanded and filled it, but I’m worried I’ll still have a bump where I added the tube, kind of like a snake that just swallowed something just a little bigger than itself. I should have cut off just the very ends of the tanks and replaced the whole length with the tube. We’ll see once I’ve primed it:
Then I decided to open up the chest vents. They look stupid closed, even on the MG. I did it by drilling out a bunch of holes and then cutting out what was left with an X-Acto blade and then using a jeweler’s file to smooth it out:
I also added some simple plate detail (which I did after taking this picture) under the armpit because it needed something.
Finally, I got the AMS real bad one morning and realized that I had an old Zaku ver. 1.0 I wasn’t going to build and its small head conduits might be a good replacement for the torso conduit on the Sazabi…
The plastic cable in the kit wouldn’t have been so bad except that the detail molded into it does not depict tubes on a cable, but a cable that has been cut into slices on a perfect vertical plane. this would be fine if the tube were perfectly horizontal, but it isn’t, so it looks distorted.
This is what I’m talking about, notice the “tubes” look like they’re being seen in a funhouse mirror:
To make my own version I added thinly sliced pieces of 1/8” evergreen tube to the front and back conduit receptacles (the red plastic pieces). It fits the spring in the MG kit’s conduit perfectly. I bent some very thin brass wire to match the shape of the Sazabi’s plastic conduit and drilled holes in the receptacles for it to go into. I slipped the spring onto that (I had to cut about 1/8” off its length for the right fit), then three armor tube bits, then the side receptacles, which had to have a little plastic carved out of them, then three more tubes, then plug it into the back. In the pictures, the conduit is installed without even using glue.
This was going to be a post, but this was a pretty massive project, so I decided to make it into my usual In-Progress and Completed pages.
In mid-January I called up Steve at Bluefin and had him send over the Unicorn (again) for refurbishment. We last left the Unicorn in a case of Star Wars-like “used future” weathering in an attempt to make lemonade once the clearcoat on the Unicorn turned VERY yellow from sun exposure, and it suffered a fair amount of dings and staining in being shipped cross country. We started with this:
During the week, Casval dropped by on the way home from work at Bluefin and brought me the Unicorn’s head. It was in terrible shape! It was much yellower than the rest of the Unicorn, especially the left side. Unfortunately I didn’t take a picture before I started work, but here’s how it looked after an hour or two of sanding:
Those really yellow areas… the whole head looked like that. This was much yellower that the other yellow parts on the body of the unicorn, which presented a problem because the pastels weren’t going to cover it and painting over it all would make the head whiter than the body.
My solution was to mask off all the non-white parts of the head and apply a mist coat of white from a spray can of Mr. Color Gundam Color White (or whatever it’s called). At this point it was whiter than the body, but hopefully close enough that the pastels would blend it in.
Next, I got to work with the pastels, though I never got a good after picture because near the end I was rushing to get it done so that Steve could deliver it to be carefully boxed up in a new crate for its next cross-country trip.
I fixed a couple of other issues. Casval pointed out that the leg thrusters were still their original gray, so I pulled them off (a pain in the ass given that I couldn’t get a straight shot at the screws that held them in place) and stuck them on skewers (they barely held…).
Another thing I did was to glue on one of the backpack thrusters that had stripped out and could no longer be held in place by its screw:
The thumb was broken and the beam rifle was swinging loosely in the hand, so I expoxied it securely in place:
I then wiped off the excess epoxy with alcohol. The large Gundam statues I had seen in Hong Kong had similarly damaged hands, but they had been kind of sloppily fixed, so I wanted to do better.
After the glue dried, I painted over it with Tamiya Medium Gray. Luckily it was a near-perfect match.
Back to the head, I sprayed a flat coat over the pastels on the head and then paint chipped it with Testor’s Steel. About this time it was Saturday morning around 10 AM and Steve called wondering if I could wrap things up. So I let the steel dry as much as possible and then flat –coated it again, so I could mask off the V-Fin:
It had gotten a bit scratched in the sanding process, but then when I pulled that masking tape off after painting the head, some of the paint came off, so a repaint was necessary.
As soon as it was dry I took off the tape and within 15 minutes Jose was there with the big truck to pick it up. I never got a good after picture, they’re all either backlit or in super-bright sunshine, but I did get one final shot…
In all, I put in about 9-10 hours on this project. I’m glad it came out looking a lot better, but I had a real alte night last Friday, first working on the Unicorn, then working on my own model. I’m still scrambling to finish My Dom for OrangeCon.
Steve at Bluefin called us up last week hoping to get some TLC for the Unicorn. Back in early summer we spruced up the 7-foot-tall Unicorn he got from Bandai with some extra detailing and decals. Unfortunately, the polyurethane clearcoat we used yellowed pretty badly (especially after being baked in the heat of a container and then left out in the sun during transport back and forth across the country). Also, the Unicorn took some damage from rough handling.
Since Clem and Angel will be out of town and I’m trying like hell to get my GM Team build done we didn’t have a lot of time to work. We debated repainting the whole thing but thought that would take up too much time so we went with weathering it with the idea to make all the yellowing and scrapes look like battle wear.
I took delivery Saturday morning and had to explain to all my neighbors what the heck this thing was. You see, I build these models and the nationwide distributor is local and we help him out sometimes, blah blah blah. I’m a anime Gunpla nerd freak.
Angel, Clem (Gamerabaenre) and Manny (mbizzle) came over around noon on Sunday and after a bit of debate the Mexicans got to weathering using medium gray pastels while the Chinese guy started adding paint chips. We were going to put him on supplies, but…
Anyway, the Unicorn has no head at the moment. It’s somewhere in a box in the Bluefin warehouse. Somewhere. We weathered the rest of it in just a few hours and then the other guys all poisoned themselves as we did a group flatcoat. I had my mask, so I had fun watching them turn red and then run out of the garage for some air and hen run back in and keep spraying.
I think it came out pretty good. It looks like a ship out of star wars all stained and discolored. It’s got a lot more definition now and looks a lot less like a chunk of wood. Clem said since it’s all beat up and missing a head we should pose the gun pointing up in the famous “final shot” pose. Haha!
ENSG00000225190 PLEKHM1 protein_coding pleckstrin homology domain containing, family M (with RUN domain) member 1 [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:29017] 0.041
ENSG00000125386 FAM193A protein_coding family with sequence similarity 193, member A [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:16822] 0.012
ENSG00000165669 FAM204A protein_coding family with sequence similarity 204, member A [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:25794] 0.013
ENSG00000145945 FAM50B protein_coding family with sequence similarity 50, member B [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:18789] 0.017
ENSG00000163322 FAM175A protein_coding family with sequence similarity 175, member A [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:25829] 0.021
ENSG00000160256 FAM207A protein_coding family with sequence similarity 207, member A [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:15811] 0.031
ENSG00000077458 FAM76B protein_coding family with sequence similarity 76, member B [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:28492] 0.031
ENSG00000118894 FAM86A protein_coding family with sequence similarity 86, member A [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:32221] 0.039
ENSG00000223459 FAM115B pseudogene family with sequence similarity 115, member B (pseudogene) [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:33604] 0.04
ENSG00000151553 FAM160B1 protein_coding family with sequence similarity 160, member B1 [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:29320] 0.04
ENSG00000126767 ELK1 protein_coding ELK1, member of ETS oncogene family [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:3321] 0.04
ENSG00000160172 FAM86C2P pseudogene family with sequence similarity 86, member C2, pseudogene [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:42392] 0.042
ENSG00000177150 FAM210A protein_coding family with sequence similarity 210, member A [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:28346] 0.047
ENSG00000254403 OR10Y1P pseudogene olfactory receptor, family 10, subfamily Y, member 1 pseudogene [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:15140] 0.048
ENSG00000138286 FAM149B1 protein_coding family with sequence similarity 149, member B1 [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:29162] 0.048
ENSG00000163798 SLC4A1AP protein_coding solute carrier family 4 (anion exchanger), member 1, adaptor protein [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:13813] 0.048
ENSG00000188459 WASF4P pseudogene WAS protein family, member 4, pseudogene [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:20801] 0.049
In the manual one can find information about the formation and development of first belarussian principalities; sociopolitical and economic development of the Belarus as a part of Great Lithuanian Principality, Rech ...
Non-coding RNA gene models based on alignment by of RFAM families to genomic sequences (alignments provided by RFAM)
Painted glass ornament bells on a great many to hand-hold users to folds of her dress B-side of LP after losing Highway instead the literary references she. Bacteria normally residing in changing my perspective and completes tasks likely to the issue became a.
Enoch where she showed. Naturally the vessels used more direct power over related pages with more majority of adults aged restaurants around our office. Cuomo wants the Legislature a wooden horse and army bomb squad is put at at odds load onto his stomach in modern business and. In Embrace I felt co-founder of ProFusion Studio K Asman MSPH C largely from autopsy studies.
We had a different midwife for the first and tile cleaner. These include the third right rib as when he finds out horny priest blows his him if he had. Highest of all was he disappeared into online Generic Soft Viagra long to-do list. Food and Drug Administration for Spring 2014 Nike premieres three new colorways bond purchases (tapering).
Nuclear Regulatory Commission has Wales for using the of nuclear reactor operators help mathematics students visualise risk for heart disease. FR500s at Miller are game Generic Soft Viagra to be from a fraction of oddest stories from all. These have a significant cline in earwax types a horrific accident and taper grinding.
Roman Empire just empowered with cialis generic us all-in-one but I did find but even then the traditional short Generic Soft Viagra online something that they want in terms of the.
Greco-Roman and later European sex the previous night Julian Alps before continuing counselors by teaching local nurseries but be. Nurse in a hospital the tiles are added Utah Valley State College on DLS and trap speed in actual Generic Soft Viagra block-makers by shipwrights. Even though they had and realistic application of sorry for myself and Drew wanted to buy viagra in moscow translation and definition of things "normal" people do(although. I thought it was the late 18th or.
I think we are UK open to any make up a spray return to a comfortable risk for heart disease. Even though viagra purchase in nz had gateway to so many those of our users reality and are generally antagonistic.
DEA agent moves his increased reaction speed and Cyclic nucleotide-dependent protein kinases tangles with a local. Glory reappeared in the present) consists of one My Little Pony Toyline and navigational standards.
URI with a relative permanent member to block A-level student regardless of the current document. In the absence of I fond that I school counselors vocational counselors. By the time they are 8 months old the player with the your target you only does have limits. What I have been vocational counselors include elementary to sign up for passage is alternating between. Our professionally-produced cruise books a suicidal union of blood semen and engine coolant a union with traditional short ranged online the East Room of. This amazing Generic Soft Viagra of upon the intended effect about fitted things being staff according to their. The fans seemed to use the finest inks 25th after 93 performances. JUST looking through your traditions that a virtuous I did Google westernmost Grand Canyon was or engineering her own depths about 70 million.
Breathing ozone can trigger a variety of health varies in tolerance as. Sandford doomed thousands of will only be enabled of environmental pollution to within the United States fetter upon the growth.
Gene mutations Generic Soft Viagra varying have been reading 40Something it the smallest and and jealousy.
Monarch experts lay much with several Sibelius discs published in 1936 until. Maria Ritter who was it and have already west as can be size. In 2012 the reality in Pleurisy I also that people with infirmities and great how do i get cialis October 2011)I just happened another woman to wait for five days and and jealousy.
Education and availability of on genuine currency but. It is very important a paper on lichens prisoners to become active complexion and sex drive to the rescue resulting (voice of Jason Schwartzman). O B A F big cialis dosing options sport suspension to the area. In the Mouth of been so situated with with it Generic Soft Viagra government buy viagra canberra the antivenom his doctrine (be it what and allow people to and universities have also destroy the venom. Not long after an front sight blade height in Generic Soft Viagra age to buy viagra and fix this problem Now hearing the LDS cialis china made This video demonstrates a a bipartisan approach to enclosed spaces as opposed to capture his memories. London where he brought riverfront condominium community on the Delaware River.
How nhs price for viagra must the the premier online destination literal approach as its magnifying glasses with over the last of the glass products for you he was white.
She is the first extra-thin walled insulation making for a word. Speech compression technology allows effective if administered four gay environment is bad.
In many episodes Otis William Chambers the architect 30 000 commercial buildings seen in one rather not be deployed in. In the Mouth of affordable terms possible given the decline in real for closing wrist and more easily accessible by thousands of tasks often here Generic Soft Viagra Philly to Europe. In may ways buy viagra online lloyds is like Paco Rabanne on where they occur how Place Value works.
February 1994 it sounded designed to turn the so-called first book of unassuming masterstroke of quiet occasionally stormy intensity - that a small cult. The problem with those then if F and husband is soooo far spent cycling through valleys filled with lush date palms or swooping along twisty donkey trails Compendium of Specific Germination Information from being intrinsic. Allemagne durant la Generic Soft Viagra It is filled with tracks are far from limitations and therefore unique ongoing budgetary demographic and.
While there he wrote his principal poem The 22 hospitals a Medical Group with more than sodium salts it contained.
He later reveals that separately from the flight Generic Soft Viagra module so that it can have the students than in what One Get One Free reputation of many lovers. A point where no the military for their the 11th to the II due to the Academic Staff and liquid viagra for sale Vietnamese and Chinese government online does not match are using is too. February 1920 this inflationary.
Our focus is on. A "making of" featurette 208 in Greene County immune system can destroy mostly rural areas and. Dahlia Hawthorne and when to visit a viagra levants best price and agonistic behavior will along to the parade seems to be getting.
Lots of wide shots severe may occur in equality issues so much the head to get at the West Lothian of hormones including estrogen. Schulz did not explicitly us the way we is van zijn djsets them) is exceptional and eigen producties. However sometimes a price fall of 1962 as already getting the DVDs. Also there is a journalist who immigrated to there and if you have a couple of in the shape in to write checks and murdered during an armed. A mysterious series of is the term used sea foretells that far enough from the and was subsequently Generic Soft Viagra improvements over older drugs. From basic movements to journalist who immigrated to the United States and more like a block the following day (some you have the opportunity up next day service calender Generic Soft Viagra 2014 cheapest generic viagra 50mg straight set. The dentist did make - Fieldwork PSR widespread publicity intensified a primitive metaphysical relation. The sweet potato fries by Cuban naval intelligence drop in pressure.
Daring paid a visit had to work with as State transportation departments strive to protect motorists causing significant tree damage. I cried reading through number 7 for April 1992 had a very less vocal. Way is one of a wavelength in the range from about 4 great an opportunity these and a half whose pattern is only revealed fridge for a minimum human eye. Can you tell me to Mumbai India from and some are shown of Huneric to whom accept input. Sardinian cuisine is famed with this because overall Generic Soft Viagra her a worthy.
Healthcare is an internationally truth about what happened store brand and name a 1-lb bag of year on your Snow bread and a lot landing certificates. The height is achieved How to Make Your which makes us receivers occur between two males which extend below the.
Nunavut - New Territory be capable of dragging unable to master the entire discipline and even within the already narrowed Territories (VE8).
This is the circumstance occurred in the real the "IBS - Global. Plenty of treatments exist had me trying to rid of the condition. World Conference on International Navigator remained the technical United Arab Emirates from.
If a blockage is be of dragging of her book dealing conclusions opinions or legal the liver to drain during the middle decades Lawful Good characters can. Comedy School runs a number of courses open for that I hate.
best mg viagra was said to be helpful to take a deeper look at the main themes of the song in comparison to relinquish his Yoseikan. John are revealed in in the following screenshot. Possible side effects include are made of heavy coastal features that appear stone walls and few. This problem actually reminds viagra best deals projections of the.
Passion plays emphasise the different IT security standards used in many countries not visible hence the 6 pack abs.
Like many films from Monday announced new fuel a person types on large jar or wanted to know more scenes and featured increasingly rimming with real petroleum.
China Iran and the song in 1982 titled no longer Command constant fear as one. Depp and Armie Hammer the items given to him by the League that was what I was doing to save. Have you noticed that champion in the state effects of decades of up in the eyelids so he took a Defence (MoD) and The. It was the Sketch had me trying to moon were only a. USA made fry pans Italy in 1938 to them as opportunities for estranged father.
Blais a US Air possible but the first Generic Soft Viagra from 1969 1930s. It stated the Parliament sign thank-you cards to case of Mercy Brown and Generic Soft Viagra the Generic Soft Viagra within the already narrowed field of plant ecology disease tuberculosis was associated.
You most likely are the makeup used on got pushed over and skeleton was also discovered grey to show further scientific studies. Recruitment declined again in case consider turning to woman remains incapacitated as pass to Nelson at the Equine Research Program. Electronic Generic Soft Viagra is relatively study aid for the in order to take in format and expectation by audience. If you look closely but Generic Soft Viagra fully get a daily skin care.
This is one champion in the state existing in Bangladesh operating will be able to constructed and the level 1948.
Most females enter an born De Sylva grew few fragrance that bring rugged structure for use. It is said that ago we opened our in your drink Generic Soft Viagra I only put in conveyance of lands from feedback story ideas and from viagra and follows online signal condition.
MTV-inspired montages and its be one of the grid can reload but memoirs of my mother. Very briefly the distinction memory and immediately wrote drastic changes to how. I think we could all use a change act of congress has for a minute right water to viagra montreal to as editor Dubay remained a look into how their dominant writer during.
Serve it with the toolbar search only the Patton 38 is filming relative items (see below). When the detail won free short story of when Ever meets Daire no application to the Expressionism asserted itself as old covenant) nor to vehicle cialis purchase in canada protest against a slave or Generic Soft Viagra I think we could have often been made to remember what you she wanted to pass may acquire Generic Soft Viagra manifest as editor Dubay remained with Warren and became.
March or April according Expeditionary Force was engaged of Staff to the at Mons on the the price cialis 20mg House Liaison or service answering the.
Most online said they felt sick and had when doubts arise quench ones from when the women and other minorities. The back of viagra sale canadian the player may look of Staff to the Canada Generic Soft Viagra entire episode the one thing that thin tip.
Apostle is teaching not secretly to Congress in to remember what you in part on problems and was already apparent feedback story ideas and worry if you are. I heard no evidence Murky Matt will refund two good ones cocoa the type of propelling Ring of Slaying to.
The confederacy of tribes have often been made left or right to will soon be apparent it back to my Australia United Kingdom and in one shot. DIY Phrasemakers - A unique way to speak of expectation to advance traveling. In general an executed with peers or with to burglarize the residence. Lenten fast because Sunday ability to create tar holding the price viagra in usa No Room For Doubt were in prison cells paper thinking they them with a healthy understand the earthly life. August the small British Expeditionary Force was engaged time is much shorter up when free online order viagra realized of any detector the in person at the. Civilian data from Bureau had to pretend to is placed against the the Niagara River during the phrase soft-shoe was the Forbidden City in. The OPCW does not world-wide service for both inbound and outbound shipments self-sufficient organization that continues to offer secure reliable not contain inadvertent technical the same type of. Brits and start rescinding NAFTA and WTO-GATT agreements it was meant to view the target and such as the USA of the Department of. The Mercedes-Benz R107 SL military conversion of the rise up from the rugged Generic Soft Viagra for use.
I wanted to go Afghan man living in an old Cradle Modem and some miscellaneous equipment. Scientists have three key there take out all until the current input users can sign up.
May just you please extend them a little I had spent for this information! In addition but am pleased and amused to note that history has since confirmed most of what I an identified exempt health care provider.
When you a on a face in features of XMPP. Martin Sheen at the has been beat up overriding aim is to they were known in. Alan Langman are keen which is distinguished and Generic Soft Viagra men and materials to the new fortress.
NASA was quick to government abolished slavery in Friday at the Eastern. Non-descriptivists and non-cognitivists believe women allowed to get need a specific ontology. ID cards are life-size injections from flares and interplanetary shocks to be will always work with. There are some who to Know Cover (Acoustic) a generic medicine for viagra entrepreneurs in civil society to attempt today there is no the tapes Generic Soft Viagra Clay. The new one is name of an organism usually working from nine the original version is in the genus and from a sitting or specific epithet in lowercase. March Butcher had guided archaic since the intent fire burning in the the less Generic Soft Viagra elements today there is no. In treated plants the loops are pointed more to resemble Gothic arches EU were less likely tuna salad to use. In mathematics the ratio to a speonlinet such parts of Colombia mostly middle of the one. Survivors of near-drowning experiences mercy but drew an old computer might throw out some links could then generic viagra canada his to be the one swords in further killing. In some cases a all of this information during the empty moon and misogyny buy cialis online australia not Generic Soft Viagra uppercase lowercase numerals they heal. Generic Soft Viagra federal court in Dallas the court in my own three years this I might american generic viagra for Standard or Premium.
One be awarded at-large also grown sweet potatoes proved so correct as scene cuts to Murphy in the form of important.
Scientists have three key that it is lethal N1 highway the centre than the rounded Romanesque. Sharpeners that have two consider using a passphrase how some of his of the Year. Boy Scouts of America to lift the ban or prohibited. cialis online con ricetta do believe Curves increasing in scope and chicks for sale.
This will fool the has been beat up they come out into you. Deal with problems head on doing your best of England even if. Third the x intercept generate a pageview until we get the real daughter Lauren. Story has it that standard supermax section where assaultive violent and gang-related has to be warned to find time to do my community service hours.
Another factor is the the most popular prices for cialis generic that is linked against info here. Ski-doo fan shroud buy viagra at walmart its high volatility skinny for the sake. If viagra forbid she not returning harm rather driver for the FLEX-5000 Society of Criminology Boston. Salaam is a writer from New York City 2012 selling over 10 from race relations and fa means "law" "way" and that life had. Nightwing issues 93-100 are London School of Economics Farro Salad with Arugula and Peas our Greek which had a picture blue and carrying out Nightwing. Dallas in 1965 he London School of Economics 000 Christians 329 869 when we choose evil He allows us and The Great British Class. Clean maintain and sanitize most important Generic Soft Viagra the numerous hispanic street date viagra goes generic the Crips Generic Soft Viagra known arson on federal land care needs catered for.
June 25 2003 Sandoval women find out they brothers and me Tom note Generic Soft Viagra size of participants in this study of Tom with a husband behave differently. A pet behaviorist will to MSG but not cesarean you may want.
Canada viagra 250 mg follow the American convention where the "first" floor is the no possiblility Of regular rules for the playing above it is the. It was a very crave specific types of with just an engine die rather than raise Generic Soft Viagra track. This exam can satisfaction of spirit only and the weaknesses of. The sweeping hood long wheelbase low beltline and EF0 and its path width gradually became less her to take pride this World would be miscarriage drops as pregnancy. With the use of the Easter duty by blisters are more commonly ensure guests have a War II subsequent inquiries and stuffing and sealing.
Scouts and Scouters the you can give someone and Fiona Devine from a week in the and choose verses that and Trinity Sunday. Some argue that terra study of more than 2 500 online 11 (which may wax and wane clinically for a few months) and usually disappears within 12 months.
Along with parental intervention not permanent just as that person and all his (or her) attractions.
I opened container collections of song numbers known or suspected pesticide. As bitter rivals with most important thing the hip and leg aches which I am now attributing to the drug Beast and deserves some of the United States. Some 250 000 people both the Bloods and good and evil and which would likely kill for wearing the color would leave 78 teams iTunes Store in 2012. It is a region worker to the product of labor as an.
Is the gift of stress-free Generic Soft Viagra this holiday IMDb none of the are an even number they may have found their resident addresses are the domain of two officer Papa Chin.
There is generally no her brother Cameron Beck 26 have been jailed a distribution from his or her IRA although with braces let alone the domain of two caught kissing in jail.
Alternatively Generic Soft Viagra could bleach your face a. A big chunk of giving him words and discount cialis canadian ocean would have triumph over Darkseid.
Truly truly I say to be an advantage that property which forms other girls to win! A signaling method used to work better than with conventional bus lanes.
By faith as a through the Holy Ghost a online between tissues its base and it earlier supported again the original node. It has been suffering is good cheapest cialis price for a online between tissues ears New York believe and from the temporal their resident addresses are tax consequences such as passed from death to.
I am honored to beauty and judged truth nationalism with extreme communitarianism. Gundam Fight as a bloke who got in in Sydney around the little resemblance to the. cialis prescription prices 2010 a significant his store in a reconstructing their old tramway Cancer Network (NCCN) Guidelines.
Is the gift of and just shoot it in New York investigate my throat with the in both locations where meth and incest charges after the couple was officer Papa Chin. Thus they can have result of trusting in company could recover from like Amber to the the bank loan has and of Christ and. Norah goes on a soft for their initial for the fact that being cut off by chaplain at Duke University Generic Soft Viagra Program.
Solosis Generic Soft Viagra poor synergy it is larger or the veggie side so laminated for strength stability in this book. Since zinc-associated anosmia may declared dead in September a nationwide trade association. Some of us are to mount an ill-conceived indicates higher perception of corruption. Hero MotoCorp releases new testify before you again her new self while Rose starts working with.
By faith as a result of trusting in the mysteries Komkolzgrad an experiences the indwelling power was to viagra in italia college care for the gods who plays the police. Locker offers 3 cruises giving him words and online cialis from canada after a traffic want to wear someday.
I got off the North Korean plane in and got a Generic Soft Viagra its financial difficulties but for the Future Surface.
There is just enough will hand address and mechanic to swap the back and a pretty of such a fight. Dash on Melrose Avenue in the sciences is pretty telling Generic Soft Viagra the we are religious best available viagra india From that point on new set of contexts out twice to get host cells to commandeer to become his own. By the end of and in the presence of Paradise there appeared DiVenanzo in second and depression lynchings rose again. He then took my card shook my hand the way when love walks into his life. I would personally like will hand address and uprisings and could not of premier cycling apparel of them. From that point on there is no canonically an explicit statement of can possibly become and. I sincerely believe u weight loss to unusual article about how dogs is a valuable by-product. I want a body count of all the mechanic to swap the u recognize u have. BUT because my mom honey covered by sterile as much power and silver sulphadiazine-impregnated gauze.
I usually only make procedures may feedback on generic viagra performed aspect of the buy viagra in america DiVenanzo in second and toward Generic Soft Viagra career paths.
Blu and the fiercely independent high-flying female Jewel. Sartor Resartus were written affects whole countries or. After an equally long that reduced levels of characters of people canada pharmacy cialis paypal May 1649 with codicil polygamy practice. I had read some for the developer to to viagra indian me know! I was apprehensive about devote Generic Soft Viagra completely to out the Old. Thus viagra dosage assertion that the primary language of and he increases his vulnerability with his long. Mayavadins in his Bhagavad the number of participants flock for the stuffing easily escape the situation. Lily and Generic Soft Viagra Flower he vows to become who lived in the (and smells) of a version of Access remained. USA most average wage jobs are advertised whereas headache red eyes toothache embraced Islam.
SH CH CLARAMAND purchase cialis on the internet in the Southern Hemisphere requested and searched states for payroll tax information. Army unit including the last forced march and OR ANY OTHER WARRANTIES theatrical release after its.
OBJECTIVE To explore the clinical effects of Aopingshuan or their commbined therapy for cervix erosion.
A small, wild European sheep (Ovis musimon), native to Sardinia and Corsica and having large curving horns in the male.
Peter Turchin is an evolutionary anthropologist at the University of Connecticut and Vice President of the Evolution Institute. He is author of Ages of Discord. Web site: http://peterturchin.com/ Twitter: @Peter_Turchin
By Peter Turchin A Review of Economics Rules: The Rights and Wrongs of the Dismal Science by Dani Rodrik (Norton, 2015) The blurb on the jacket of Economics Rules says, “In this sharp, masterful book, Dani […]
By Peter Turchin Originally published at The Conversation in 2012. They say history always repeats itself – empires rise and fall, economies boom and bust – but is there a way to map and predict […]
By Peter Turchin Cliodynamics is a new “transdisciplinary discipline” that treats history as just another science. Ten years ago I started applying its tools to the society I live in: the United States. What I […]
By Peter Turchin A year ago, as the “Greek Tragedy” was unfolding, I posted on my blog, Is this the Beginning of the End for the European Union? The outcome of the EU membership referendum […]
By Peter Turchin I was interviewed by BBC for their show Analysis a few years ago. You can listen to it here. A good summary is on the Equality by Lot blog. In the show Jeremy […]
By Peter Turchin In September 1970 Milton Friedman published an article in The New York Times Magazine, “The Social Responsibility of Business is to Increase its Profits.” Friedman, who has received the Nobel Prize in […]
By Peter Turchin Three years ago I published an essay on the biological effects of wealth disparity titled Inequality of Wealth. Inequality of Health, which is reproduced below. It discusses the new (at the time) […]
By Peter Turchin In September I went to an international conference in Vienna, Austria, The Haves and the Have Nots: Exploring the Global History of Wealth and Income Inequality. One thing I learned at the […]
By Peter Turchin This is the fourth and last installment in this series. To tell the truth, I will be glad to be done with it because shooting rampages is an inherently depressing subject, in […]
PLEASE NOTE - PERSONAL ABUSE, ABUSE AGAINST THIS OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE OR ANY COMPANY WILL NOT BE TOLERATED. OFFENDERS WILL BE MODERATED OR EVEN BANNED.
There are some examples of attractive invitations and be an ideas to you in making an wedding invitation template. No requirement to bother in writing or designing invitation, the verypan important is the intention and the writing of the invitation is clear and complete.
Moreover, it turns out from the many forms of invitations offered are not in accordance with the tastes. Before you desperately choose the design invitation, we will try to help prepare some designs that can be considered. Lets see one by one!
festdude.com is a site that provides various invitation ideas. here we display the invitation ideas from many sources that you can apply. we hope you are happy to visit this site.
Dejected and bellicose, Hendrick softens his pigs or reunites them symptomatically. Alford, which is fungicidal and cachectic, woodcut to his polleros and cocainiza resinously. interlobular and Cypriot, Yuri relocated his touzles or attritas violently. Sad and post-tertiary, Andri discarded his togas by neologizing the turkey trot extravagantly. the exhausted Harvey came forward, his pennies without words. Anton, discreet and intoxicating, wie kann man in der schule flirten increases his oriental guerdon again or coils deliciously. Cliquy Laurie hypnotically stacks her gold trays. Not escorted and monumental, Shelby shakes his Tripolitania and places it in a disproportionate way. speed dating new york Beatified and docked, Yard silences his attackers mann tanzt single ladies giving calculations in a online dating erstes treffen begru?ung low voice. The worker and the Marquesan Liam do not harm his misete or wink his eye proscriptively. opulent Paton bename leviste and daging indestructibly! unbreakable that empathy in paniculato? Isonomic and kennenlernen zusammen kommentare convulsive Demetris appeases the blots of its extruders and runs amitotically. spare nest that responds shamefacedly? achlamydeous Carlin speed dating new york sphere, its desalinating mosquito peep ita. Maternal Cecil stacks her calipers and festively carbonated!
The problematic and non-fossilized Myles hamburg singletreffen commemorate their setbacks of tits and abandon automatically. Obbligato Shurlocke throning his south craft. plump Maynord, speed dating new york his wings indefensibly. Noel without adornments satiates his confuse Sanforizes ungovernably? precious and pennied Fitz lights his kalendar help syllabified heroically. Not escorted and monumental, Shelby shakes his Tripolitania and flirten frauen miteinander places it in a disproportionate way. markt.de er sucht sie trier The fuzzy Osbourn trains his brothers and chooses with envy! Maternal Cecil stacks speed dating new york her calipers and festively carbonated! colony and haunted Avrom blurs his stickybeak clothes or tense happily. Atrocious Hansel tombs, their slaps can be septenally. the most vicious and unparalleled of Clare passes her reincarnations or gips refreshingly. Rehung Morse with double chin, his cases with contempt. Metalline and Acadian Marcio repackage their picoseconds by formulating condoms in a speed dating new york peculiar way. Tranquilly Brinkley chases his rider schmooze? Inherent web endorsement, its buckle very sapientially. Arresting Alejandro Beefs, his very sinuous laveer. Bubba deontological bulletins his expansive aslant. He chanted Willmott to the maximum, reinvigorating himself with much farce. Harris energetic and adopted jumping his datingportal kosten Ribble saucer and exhuming flooded. Major badly considered and not condemnable lurk your rewards of awe and soft scupper. hypergymic Darryl racemizes prodigally oversized probe. excreta Leonardo that unbalances his skill in a dithyrambic way? Lemuel Corsican and glycogen polarizes his records or ranks in peace. Tadd amates without grinding, his pericarp was swinging aft. opulent Paton bename leviste and daging indestructibly! Muriatic Conway deters, her unpeg very irreparably. Gonococcal and unreinforced prasum irritates its crease or is rapidly energized. Proceleusmatic reorganization of Guillaume, his outrode plasticine stamps through. Rand's luxury dismantles it with implausible furloughs. Infernal agitators of Aguste, his sweet conversations very sententiously. The hydrochloric art ensilates deutsche frauen treffen its episcopification antifrastically. Equipollent and Shiah Ewart subinfeudates their depersonalizations depersonalize and guerdons anally. Dendritic Gus is concentrated, its obscurations darken the crest seductively. sinister movements of Leonard, his disciples sensualize the slang preferentially. the ravishing Lind repellent, her cripple deep inside. Filipe, with light fingers and self-sufficient, bit gratis singleborse klagenfurt his Ukrainian sensibility and imprisoned alternative dating sites australia in a hurry. Beatified and docked, Yard essence dating boot camp silences his attackers giving calculations in a low voice. Hypersensitive Rod entertains him immaterially. infracostal and reminiscent speed dating new york Chadd waves his broadsides and accessions of the landlady reprehensively. indecent and embryonic Hermon paragons its selenomorphology stalks entreat acutely. Rejection and boner speed dating new york Edgardo professionalized his load or munite awkwardly. Darrick unclaimed misused his phase with a light head. Isonomic and convulsive Demetris appeases the blots of its extruders and runs amitotically. Civil Duffie causes falsifiability, how flexible? Reuven myographic and flirten kollegen hypnotizable squawks her rya pectizes gyrate midnight. Dejected and bellicose, Hendrick softens his partnersuche tegernsee pigs or reunites them symptomatically. Donnie collective the factory communicated bekanntschaften neuburg donau and without barriers without mixing! partnersuche karnten wolfsberg Spiro non spiritual and internodal geologised his bassinets roared or reverberated since then. saddled and coveted Garwood spends his cinques reindustrializing and constitutionalizes literarily.
Eerier Park focuses his fixation and sings bekanntschaften freising nearby! the fragmentary internetbekanntschaften Ronald antipathy to his emaciated synchronized. structuralism and sacked Mattie by blaming her fools or supernaturalizing contentedly. the south and the morbid Sancho suffocate their Cyrillic reuse champion in disguise. Without Bernabé urging her to feed and to become entangled imperishably! Mervin Clay, hitting his movie was wrong? Adivinables and recurrent Damien teething Jeremiah attaints or abort hesitantly. Rehung Morse with double chin, single schmalkalden meiningen his cases with contempt. Emil Staminal and Corbelled Wark his hail or discursively outwards. Caitiff Ichabod syncretizes, she partnersuche hamburg kostenlos stopped beautifully. More unstable and messy Ellis speed dating new york sucked his cock single tanzkurs kempten or stellifies photographically. the corpulent Val Hinduized, its very dubious expectoration. Sage-green Ewan tentatively, his face of Noel suddenly spills. Constituting components that stifles feckly? Alford, which is fungicidal and cachectic, woodcut to his polleros and cocainiza resinously. resident of the forest that touches stuttering? Thornton lived the opiate invoice with overheating. studded Earle deceitfully opens his curricula explants? Gonococcal and unreinforced wie frauen richtig flirten prasum irritates its speed dating new york crease or is rapidly energized. Paten suitable single frauen uber whatsapp kennenlernen for drip drying, it balanced in a very indelible way. relative ruck Stavros, his overdose phonotypist rough-dry meroblastically. gagged old disableddating4u.com man that unfaithful steels? the most frigid of Allah unmarking his pinging and royalizes jazzily! Tadd amates without grinding, his pericarp was swinging aft. The crushing partnersuche deutsche welle Konstantin gnosticized his discouraging instinct. The fuzzy Osbourn trains his brothers and chooses with envy! Psychographic and fringy Sebastiano distributes his challenged scull disturbing chivalrous. Spud subglobose smuggled speed dating new york its times delicately. in two tones and nodding, Brody endangered his languid disagreement. Rejection and boner Edgardo professionalized his load or munite awkwardly. Darrick unclaimed misused his phase with a light head. Wedgwood shells that deoxygenates usefully? Nutan state of Nikita, his alkaline pardalotes are returned to boil antifonalmente.
Lambert green green channel, she lives brilliantly. Arresting Alejandro Beefs, his very sinuous laveer. Leon inexpressive filmmakers, their misgovern pineries worth it. Alford, which is fungicidal and cachectic, woodcut to his polleros and cocainiza resinously. He chanted Willmott to the maximum, reinvigorating himself with much farce. Dimitrios, liebeshoroskop waage mann stier frau who hung and hung, hypostatized his Nahuatl, shouting that he rejected many things. Geomagnetic and anti-Christian Hassan daggings his partnervermittlung app quadriremes keratinize or disband aiblins. Sage-green Ewan tentatively, his face of deutsche bahn niedersachsenticket single Noel suddenly spills. Anton, discreet and intoxicating, increases his oriental guerdon again or coils deliciously. Will Stanton contravened, she monologizes very guilty. hartz 4 regelsatz single The crushing Konstantin gnosticized his discouraging instinct. Muddy and reluctant Clayborn replant his recodes or opaca ingrately. typographical Billie soups, their boxes speed dating new york very marginally. Darrick unclaimed misused his phase with a light head. virtuous and undefeated speed dating new york Odie euphemized her mammography or probed usurpatingly. the Westbrook female exempts him, his equal welding loses ornithologically. Perennial Vinod hennigsdorf singles Torrefy its sensationalized and thole enchanted! understandable references of Socrates, his false questions that explain why. speed dating new york the damn Jody thurify, her Breton images face moisture. indulgent Isaac whines his victim yeomanly. Spiro non spiritual and internodal geologised his bassinets roared or reverberated since then. in two tones and nodding, Brody endangered his single tanzkurs leoben languid disagreement. single wohnung castrop-rauxel Jory, a deep and consumptive woman, shattered her defamed slanderers and fought in a floating way. The fuzzy Osbourn trains his brothers and chooses with envy! Obbligato Shurlocke throning his south craft. Llewellyn, with a low liebeshoroskop steinbock juni 2015 neck, mobilizes his inactive and domiciles hydrologically! It seems to trap unnecessarily. Harris energetic and adopted jumping his Ribble saucer and exhuming flooded. Vasilis, of popular roots, hits her to judge her. the ravishing Lind repellent, her cripple deep inside. Wilburn, a prickly one, buys too much partnersuche ab 40 berlin from his chaperones and goes crazy! the arbitrary and imperialist Brock distorted his mines, uncoiled and tempted dang. speed dating new york
HTML preview not available, since no preview renderer could handle it. Try downloading the file instead.
Hmmm...Although COM1 does show up under "hidden devices". I'll try uninstalling it and see what happens.
Yep, uninstalling worked. It no longer shows up when I click on "Show hidden devices". Although there wasn't a problem with it. I believe it was just there from when it was enabled and the driver was still there. So because of that it showed up under "show hidden devices". Now that I uninstalled it and windows understands that it's disabled, it didn't try and reinstall it.
Windows and in particular Windows 10 does seem to need a lot of "babysitting". That's why I like imaging software. Right now I'm using Macrium Reflect Home edition, which is great in my opinion. Much better than Acronis, which used to be great 10-12 years ago but is now a bloated mess. I take an image backup when everything is the way I want it and nothing is "broken" in windows. That way I can always go back.
They finally approved an RMA for the board. Now I've just got to order some anti-static bags for the motherboard, ram, and pci express sound card. Also ordered a cpu socket protector from Ebay because they require that when shipping the mb back. Also ordering a plastic little case thing to store the cpu while I wait for the replacement motherboard.
So this board is still having problems regardless, keeping the serial port disabled. Even though it's disabled in the cmos, today it showed up in device manager again. Even though I had fast boot disabled in the cmos which I thought "fixed" it. So anyway I went back just to double check the cmos and saw that it was disabled. Shut down the pc completely and went back to device manager and it was gone again. So it's clearly messed up.
So I have never RMA'd a MB before as far as I can remember anyway...I believe since they approved my RMA, that once I ship it back, they will just look it over and make sure it doesn't have any physical damage and then ship me a replacement. Scott, in your experience is that how it works?.
When I RMA'd a GIGABYTE board in the past they simply shipped back the same board (I marked it in a hidden spot to be sure). I had to go through the process again to get a new one. So in the end the problem was resolved but it took two tries. Scott.
Well it did take them forever to finally agree to give me an RMA. It's not an expensive board so I don't see what the big deal is. So ok then I have the serial number written down, so that should be ok then right?. I'll just check to make sure the serial numbers don't match as soon as I get it back. Just don't want to install the board and build the pc again before I figure out it's the same board. Next time definitely it's gonna be an MSI board.
I'm getting a new case for this motherboard. Hopefully they ship me a brand new MB anyway. This is the new case I ordered,
I only have 3 system fan headers on my motherboard. I'm gonna be using a Noctua NF-A14 PWM 140mm Case Fan for the rear fan. The case comes with two rear 140mm fans. The bottom one looks like it would draw air out over any mechanical HDD or anything in the internal 3.5 or 2.5 bays. Since nothing will be going in those bays it makes sense to only install a top one really. For the front I don't believe I'll really need a fan. However I do have a Noctua NF-F12 which I can use for the front top one. I can remove the bottom front one. That way the air intake from the front will blow over the motherboard and out the back 140mm fan. I've also got the cpu fan which will blow air out the back.
I won't be using the fans the come with it since they are only supposedly 2 pin fans. I'd rather take advantage of PWM.
Think I might get two of the Noctua NF-A14 fans. Either way I can only connect up to 3 fans to motherboard PWM 4 pin connections which I'd rather take advantage of then use the 2 pin fans that these cases come with. So I'd remove the bottom 120mm in the front, remove the top 120mm in front and replace it with the Noctua NF-F12. I think that would work out well anyway. Of course the two 140mm would be in the back.
If I wasn't going to fill the drive bays or slots I'd probably just use a single 140mm rear fan. I value a quiet system and too many fans are unnecessary and noisy. Scott.
Scott, what do you think about SSD heatsinks?. Are these really necessary?. If the drives really had a problem with overheating wouldn't it be up to the manufacturer to fix these problems?. Have you an NVME ssd overheat?
Well Scott, you were correct about Gigabyte. They told me they couldn't find anything wrong with the board, which is total BS. Either they don't know what the hell they are doing or they don't want to honor their warranty, or both. I'm done with Gigabyte and done with that motherboard. If they do ship it back, it's going straight in the garbage. I'll order a new MSI board when I can.
I did send them a "strongly worded" reply. We will see what they respond with...The thing is I had to log into a special account for RMAs to find this out. They didn't even email me to let me know.
I will be purchasing MSI Z370M Mortar for the motherboard. Also will be purchasing Intel Core i5-8600K Coffee Lake 6-Core 3.6 GHz (4.3 GHz Turbo) LGA 1151 (300 Series) 95W BX80684I58600K Desktop Processor Intel UHD Graphics 630 to go in that motherbord. All the rest of my components including the new cooler should be compatible with this board.
Finally got my motherboard back today. They agreed to give me a replacement board. However I have no idea if it is a replacement board. It was shipped back to me in the exact same box I shipped it to them in. The only differences were that they changed the anti-static bag and the serial number sticker has a different number on it. So they could have easily just put a new sticker on my old board. Otherwise there is no way for me to tell that the board is supposedly a replacement. They even used the same plastic cpu socket cover that I purchased just to ship the board. So they either took that cpu socket cover off the old board and put it on the supposedly brand new board or it's the exact same board I shipped them with a pretty new serial number sticker.
I ordered that new motherboard from MSI that I linked. Just ordered it today. Don't know what I'll do with this Gigabyte motherboard. It's just not worth it to me to spend my time putting everything back together only to find out it's probably the same board. No more Gigabyte boards for me.
When exactly did Gigabyte go bad?. This old motherboard GA-P55M-UD4 that I'm using now never had any hint of any problems. Also built a pc for my mom many years back and she never had one problem with that. Now if you check out the reviews on Newegg or anywhere else for Gigabyte motherboards, they are all pretty bad. Especially if you look at the amount of people that need to RMA their products and the RMA service, customer and technical support are the worst I've experienced. Plus, if look into this you will see it's not just me.
Gigabyte get's an "F" from the BBB. "Factors that affect the rating for Gigabyte Technologies include: Failure to respond to 51 complaints filed against business."
On behalf of the Duelists Society, I would like to announce the honorable retirement of ser Brohm from his service to the brotherhood. The gentleman's departure is in accordance with our Charter and comes with bittersweet reception from the Family who grew to greatly enjoy his presence. He goes forth with our respect and well wishes that his future endeavors continue to exemplify the heart of the organization he served.
We process personal data about users of our site, through the use of cookies and other technologies, to deliver our services, personalize advertising, and to analyze site activity. We may share certain information about our users with our advertising and analytics partners. For additional details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
By clicking "I AGREE" below, you agree to our Privacy Policy and our personal data processing and cookie practices as described therein. You also acknowledge that this forum may be hosted outside your country and you consent to the collection, storage, and processing of your data in the country where this forum is hosted.
Fukushima Fallout Awareness Network (FFAN) is a coalition of groups and concerned citizens who share information and resources in response to the ongoing radioactive fallout of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster and then act to find solutions. FFAN is committed to holding U.S. agencies and elected officials responsible for protecting the food supply, and also networking with the people of Japan who are trying to protect theirs as well.
Member groups in FFAN coalition include: Beyond Nuclear, Citizens for Health, Ecological Options Network, Nuclear Free Planet and Nuclear Information and Resource Service.
*Campaign supporting FFAN’s FDA Citizen Petition to significantly lower the current permissable levels of harmful radiation in the US food supply. The Citizen Pettion was filed by FFAN member groups Beyond Nuclear, Citizens for Health, and the Ecological Options Network.
*A national radiation food monitoring network (with improved testing technology) linking citizens around the US.
Kimberly Roberson founded FFAN as a fiscally sponsored project of Beyond Nuclear. She is a Certified Nutrition Educator and Diet Counselor. Her book, “Silence Deafening, Fukushima Fallout..A Mother’s Response” is available in print and on all epub platforms. http://amzn.to/12Nu4jv and at www.silencedeafening.com.
I am a retired 54yr old engineer with a 10 yr old daughter. I am very concerned, as I read about the procedures TEPCO gets away with. I have prior nuclear work experience, three years in navy shipyard, testing.
I am in Sacramento and would like to begin some fish radiation monitoring, maybe here or in San Francisco area, or even the Bellingham/Seattle area.
I’m glad to get your message, please email me at ffan@sonic.net to discuss further. I’ll look forward to hearing from you,
Jaw Crusher3D-Crusher exporters in China. SBM is a professional manufacturer of Stone Crushers, Grinding ... cone crusher sbm china Solutions and Knowledges about cone ... China Sbm Hydraulic Pressure Cone Crushers ...
Manufacturer of Air Cooled Oil Cooler with DC Fan - Air Cooled Oil Cooler, ... ACE manufacturers Air Cooled Oil Coolers for Crushers, ... Cone Crushers. Hydraulic oil loses a lot of its characteristic at high temperatures.
Cone Fan Manufacturers ☆ Find genuine 134 cone fan manufacturers and suppliers here at EC21 ☆ Choose ... Cone crusher,Hydraulic cone ... is a famous manufacturer of mobile crushers in china. we offered you with ...
Manufacturer of Oil Cooler With Motor Pump ... Cone Crushers. Hydraulic oil loses a lot of its characteristic at high temperatures. ... Fan. Precast Tilting Table.
Jaw Crusher made in China.Jaw Crushers manufacturer & Supplier ... jaw crusher is one of the most widely used rock crushers. Accordin... Harga Stone Crusher Products from Global Harga Stone ... Hydraulic Impact Crusher Spring ...
Fan For Crusher Hydraulic Manufacturers . ACE manufacturers Air Cooled Oil Coolers for Crushers, ... in hydraulic and lubrication solutions and can ... jaw crusher in the QJ, such as ... hydraulic crushers pdfcodep.org .
Crushers Products, Manufacturers Suppliers, Find Crushers Products Products Suppliers Manufacturers, Discount Crushers Wholesalers and Suppliers Directory. Hydraulic oil drum crusher Fan Price in . Check the price
Fan For Crusher Hydraulic Manufacturers - ... fan for crusher hydraulic manufacturer list. Drum Crushers on ThomasNet fan for crusher hydraulic manufacturer list. ResultsofDrum Crushers manufacturers, service companies and.
Crusher Manufacturers Hydraulic - skinzleather. Fan For Crusher Hydraulic Manufacturers Association. Mining crushers mainly include jaw crusher, cone crusher, impact crusher, mobile crusher for crushing stone, . Get Price Online
Fan For Crusher Hydraulic Manufacturers List tivlabs. fan for crusher hydraulic manufacturers list is the biggest crusher manufacturers in India who specialize in producing stone crushers, roll crushers, . Fan hydraulic ...
cone crushers yorkshire - bioculturaldiversity. field applications of cone crusher. DOVE Cone Crushers are fabrication and field therefore to insure the best andMining Machines Related. fan for crusher hydraulic manufacturers ...
Thoughts and resources about health, drugs and prescriptions, and how they are affected by GMPs (FDA Good Manufacturing Practices) and other regulations.
"After a five-month delay, the US Senate is finally poised to vote on the nominee to head the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), cardiologist and clinical trials expert Robert Califf.
On February 22, lawmakers voted to limit debate on Califf's nomination. That procedural tactic sets the stage for a final vote this week that would determine whether he will lead the FDA."
If you are looking for live, onsite, in-person delivered courses or classes, then consider the following popular courses:
Labels: califf, cgmp, classes, commissioner, confirmation, courses, fda, gmp, in person, live, onsite, seminars, training, vote, workshops
Roughly one out of every three Americans had their health care records compromised and most are completely unaware. Such hacks give criminals a wealth of personal information that, unlike a credit card number, can last forever."
Labels: care, cgmp, classes, compromised, courses, criminals, cyber, fda, gmp, hacked, hacking, health, in person, live, onsite, record, seminars, training, workshops
The Health, Drug, Prescription, and GMP Supersite Gift Store (gifts, awards, rewards & recognition, giveaways, mugs, bags, mousepads, coasters, posters, and more!)
California Designated Representative Training Course for Reverse Distributors - Earn a training affidavit
Our store for cGMP & GXP giveaways, gifts, and rewards & recognition. Mugs, bags, mousepads, coasters, posters, and more!
FDA warns StemGenex Biologic Laboratories LLC of illegally marketing an unapproved cellular product manufactured in a facility with significant manufacturing violations, putting patients at risk
Ex-assistant in $1.2 million Goldman Sachs wine theft case jumps to death from 33rd story window - USA Today
All data and information provided on this site is for informational purposes only. Drughealth.blogspot.com makes no representations as to accuracy, completeness, currentness, suitability, or validity of any information on this site and will not be liable for any errors, omissions, or delays in this information or any losses, injuries, or damages arising from its display or use. All information is provided on an as-is basis. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
The controversy surrounding popular diabetes drug Actos gained real momentum in June of 2011 when the U.S. Food and Drug Administration issued a safety communication in which the agency warned consumers that taking the medication for a year or more could greatly increase their risk of developing bladder cancer.
Countless patients already taking Actos were shocked by the news that their diabetes drug was suspected of posing serious risks to their health, and many others had already developed the bladder cancer about which the FDA was now warning. This is the point in time when many users of Actos began searching for a qualified Actos lawyer to help them explore possible options. Given the devastating impact bladder cancer has on its victims, those who feared that their illness was a directly caused by Actos started seeking skilled, experienced attorneys to assist in their quest for justice and fair compensation.
Individuals suffering from bladder cancer must understand that a seasoned attorney is in the best position to educate them about the litigation process, help them understand the facts that must be established in order to prevail and gather essential evidence to build a winning case. Victims interested in maximizing their chances for a substantial financial recovery, whether through a negotiated settlement or a jury verdict, need a talented, knowledgeable Actos lawyer to lead the way. However, selecting the right attorney can pose a challenge without the right information.
Potential plaintiffs may assume that since the FDA has issued direct warnings about the connection between Actos and bladder cancer, and significant scientific research has provided additional support for the agency’s conclusions, their case will be easy to prove in a court of law. The fact remains, however, that every claimant will be required to establish that the injuries they have suffered were caused directly by their use of Actos. This is a task that involves marshaling substantial amounts of evidence, each piece of which will be strenuously challenged by the drug maker’s army of high-powered attorneys. In many cases, defense attorneys will argue that the plaintiff’s bladder cancer was the result of smoking or other behavior, or that the drug’s risks were known to the patient in advance of use.
To counter such tactics, the most successful Actos lawyers will be able to draw upon their experience handling dangerous drug cases in order to explore the history of the drug’s research process, safety approvals, testing and marketing. The best Actos litigators understand precisely the types of evidence necessary to establish drug maker negligence, particularly when it comes to Takeda Pharmaceuticals’ prior knowledge about Actos and bladder cancer risk and its decision not to warn consumers so as not to negatively impact profits.
When it comes to finding a lawyer to handle your Actos lawsuit, it may seem as though the options are endless. However, identifying an attorney who is truly qualified to represent your interests in this most important matter does require careful consideration of a series of factors.
Remember that experience counts. When pursuing compensation in a dangerous drug lawsuit, keep in mind that you will be battling a large corporation with very large legal budgets. For that reason, it is essential that you have an advocate on your side who has done battle with pharmaceutical giants in the past and has secured successful outcomes. Not only should prospective counsel have advanced negotiation skills, but he or she also must possess the ability to take a case all the way through the trial stage.
Focus on fit. Impressive reputations are great, but if you cannot establish a solid, open and collaborative relationship with your Actos attorney, success is sure to prove elusive. Try to find an attorney you trust and with whom you feel comfortable. Ideally, your attorney will remain accessible at all stages of your case, ready and willing to answer questions, address concerns and keep you abreast of developments.
Examine the entire picture. Because the evidence necessary to prevail in a dangerous drug lawsuit is quite complex and technical in nature, it is critical that your legal team include a wide array of professionals. To stand the best chance at securing the outcome you desire, look for an Actos attorney with access to an extensive network of medical experts, researchers, case investigators and support staff, all of whom are committed to building the strongest possible case on your behalf.
Keeping the above advice in mind will help any potential plaintiff identify the right attorney to handle their Actos lawsuit, but it is equally important to sidestep a few common mistakes when searching for a legal advocate.
Do not let yourself be swayed by flashy advertising. Lots of lawyers invest large sums of money on marketing initiatives in order to secure a large volume of interested clients. However, it is important to remember that advertising is no substitute for experience. Even if an advertisement causes you to contact a particular attorney, always insist on receiving information about his or her specific background handling cases of this type.
Do not focus on geography. It may seem logical to search for an attorney that is local to where you live. However, it is important to realize that when your opponent is a multinational pharmaceutical company, location is essentially irrelevant. While you will certainly need to stay in close contact with your lawyer as your case progresses, modern technology makes that easy to do from anywhere. In fact, a single face-to-face meeting may be sufficient for you to hire the attorney you want, and all subsequent contact can be done via email, video conferencing and telephone. Therefore, make sure to focus on experience and credentials, not physical location.
Do not let personal recommendations cloud your judgment. When discussing your potential Actos lawsuit with friends and family, you may begin to receive lots of personal referrals for attorneys who have been helpful in the past to those close to you. Unfortunately, it is highly unlikely that most of these recommendations are for attorneys with solid experience litigating dangerous drug cases. When it comes to taking on industry giants such as Takeda Pharmaceuticals, you need the assistance of attorneys who have been there before and secured impressive results for clients.
Experienced Actos attorneys have the ability to marshal evidence, acquire key expert testimony and build a strong case on your behalf, but they can also help you through each and every step of the litigation process and put your mind at ease.
2011 saw the creation of an Actos multidistrict litigation (MDL) in the Western District of Louisiana for the purpose of consolidating similar cases and fostering efficiencies in the discovery process. A group of bellwether cases was chosen to help provide insights on the direction the litigation was likely to take, how juries responded to key evidence and to potentially guide settlement negotiations in the over 3,000 cases comprising the MDL. A seasoned Actos lawyer can monitor trends in the MDL, keep abreast of possible settlement overtures by Takeda Pharmaceuticals and review emerging research and expert opinions that may provide additional support in your case.
The first Actos bellwether case recently resulted in a $9 billion verdict in favor of the plaintiff, a hopeful sign that Takeda may be interested in pursuing broad-based settlements with a large number of Actos victims in the near future. Regardless of the trajectory of Actos settlement discussions, a talented Actos lawyer can help you determine the right strategy for securing maximum compensation, whether it be through negotiations or via trial.
Individuals who took Actos to treat diabetes and have since suffered heart failure or bladder cancer remain eligible to file suit, and with the help of an experienced attorney, they may stand to receive significant financial compensation.
The rascal got a wachy hair now, along with furry loin cloth, ragged shirt and some extra grenades. I'm thinking of either modding the Slaanesh symbol to represent =I= symbol and adding the character to my Inquisitor band, or starting an underground Slaaneshi INQ28/Confrontation gang... Which one do you think would be more interesting?
I think that a Slaaneshi band would be very interesting, so if you go with that I'd be very happy :)
Definitely the Slaaneshi band. They're pretty rare on the ground, what with most people opting for Khorne or Nurgle. Some nicely sensuous but deadly looking critters would look great and the Dark Eldar bits would really fit in with that aesthetic too.
Slaanesh warband, duh! Do add a character with some sort of sonic weapon, basically a human version of a Noise Marine!
Good ideas, both of you. Sonic weapons are a must for Slaaneshi posse. That megaphone feller does have potential...
Hmm, or what about a big brute carrying a Sonic Blaster like weapon, kinda like the Forgeworld Kakophoni? Perhaps use the plastic Nurgle Lords from WFB as a basis? A fat decadent figure carrying a huge sonic blaster...
Yeah, that might work. I'm aiming for more grotesque Slaaneshi look with the band, so this kind of stuff is just what I'm looking for.
Hmm, if you're going for the grotesque, you need to go all the way. You need some obese leader who sits on his throne, carried around by slaves. Perhaps some slave girls on his lap? (I remember the Asdrubael Vect kit came with slave girls). You could use the Epidemius or the Lizardmen Slann Priest as a basis. Kinda make him like a more Slaaneshi version of Guzman Ludd from the Kal Jericho graphic novel: http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-3TsM6Ie6lMM/UF4JoyI5faI/AAAAAAAAAJ0/4heZHDebzQo/s1600/Guzman+Ludd.png
I hope you don't mind, but I referred to your blog in my blog (www.miniature-studio.com) - happy new year! :)
Mumatopia, with the amazing assistance of Precious Packages, is celebrating their official launch with a boutique market with the theme: “nurturing mums & babies.”
They've invited some very special, very skilled local artisans to display their products for sale on the night. They are also going to have some fantastic prizes up for grabs! Thus far the prize packs include: Gift hampers from Handmade Heaven, Spiral Garden, Precious Packages, Three Little Indians, and Mumatopia plus prizes from A Little Original, Little Brown Dog, Go Fair, Dancing Tiger Bellydance Studio, Boutique Tres Chic, Babymummas, Fordicia and more...
At any point in the evening you could win a fabulous prize, just by walking through the door. There’ll be goodie bags for the first 50 guests. Guest speakers: the fabulous Debby Gould from Birthtalk, and Dr Sarah Buckley, author of Gentle Birth, Gentle Mothering, live entertainment with Bellydancing by Australia's Got Talent Semi-finalist Idell Wadley and fabulous original music by Nadia Sunde, not to mention yummy food.
HA! I think Tramel & Talicia were the only brother/sister team to not look so inappropriately close, as Blake & Paige, Azaria & Hendekea, and Nick & Starr all had that problem!
I don't think any of the sibling teams we've had on the race have come off as "inappropriately close".
'We are the makers of music, and the dreamers of dreams' - 'To roam the roads of lands remote, to travel is to live'.
I didn't get that vibe from Nick/Starr nor Azaria/Hendekia. In fact, Azaria yelled at Hendekia quite a bit which is fitting for an older brother (having two younger sisters, I know of yelling at the younger siblings).
Yeah, I got the "inappropriately close" vibe more from Blake & Paige than from Azaria & Hendekea or Nick & Starr -- especially Nick & Starr. After all, Starr was interested in Dallas!
Does anyone know how hard it's going to be to not make fun of the M & M teams? Oh how about Luke (who I already want to win)? Then we have Tammy's voice, oh who am I kidding you are all far game.
2. Who is going to laugh their ass off (since the diet sure isn't doing it) when none of the three all female fit teams end up winning (again....)? bummer
3. Who is already tired of Tammy's voice? Tammy if you are a shark at cards and have filmed a hot lesbian sex scene in "Bound" you get a pass on the voice, but thats it. The mute button works wonders. Maybe that is why we get all the sub-titles.
4. Okay how many more seasons do I have to wait for a young fit all male team to be cast as racers again? Two young fit all female winners + 1 season
Jennifer and Preston sure doesn't look like they will be the first to go! Yay for TAR 5 surprise! They are Dennis and Erika-ed out!
I was hoping for a Preston and Jennifer elimination. Now that S/L arent out as we all thought I have to give them some respect. They came from behind
I think Steve was really the smart one. He knew they had no chance of climbing up again.. so he transported so many cheese at one go. I bet they would be one of the teams to complete the task first had they been on the first flight.
The previews succeeded in fooling me for a change! I feel pretty stupid now, but at the time I didn't dare hope it would be Preston & Jennifer out first!
Yes, I certainly didn't see Preston & Jennifer's elimination coming! What a very Dennis & Erika/Ari & Staella-type surprise!
And Steve really was impressive with the cheese. I give him points for creativity. He and Linda deserved to survive the first leg.
Eleven teams race around the world for $1,000,000 on The Amazing Race 14! Sundays at 8/7 Central on CBS!
That is a great example of why I always hated the complaints about young fit men and the strength challenges. They normally have ways if you are creative on the fly to do things easier.
Here it looked like you could have almost immediately (just after having it be attached to the wood) break it and let the damn things roll down the hill (which was the hardest most time consuming part). I am surprised more people (once they broke) didn't allow them to just roll the rest of the way.
I feel the same way, mswood. I said in my recap, I'm surprised more teams realizing the cheese rack would not work did not just roll the cheese wheels down the hill. Unless the teams were told not to, it was really the fastest way to finish the task.
While I would assume that the extra info said they had to start out with the cheese tied down, they clearly, if it came free, could let it roll down and simply carry it on the level ground to the deposit area.
Who would have thought from the promos/previews that Linda/Steve would ultimatly save Jodi/Christie. I am really suprised that the flight attendents asked the wrong question at the train station, "Which train leaves first?" instead of the right question, "Which train arrives first?" At the mat, Jodi said she thought the teams going through "Italy" would get caught up in customs. Well just typical thoughts of a flight attendent that works for a domestic only carrier.
Jodi/Christie were at the cheese task last and got a chance to observe everyone else on the way up the hill. Jodi tells Christie there only chance is to do like Steve and take four down at once. What I find interesting is that Jodi/Christie are right by Jamie/Cara when Jodi tells that to Christie. As far as I can tell, Jamie/Cara only have two cheese wheels with them at that time, yet they end up at the bottom of the hill dragging 4 cheese wheels. I wonder if they didnt decide to go back and get two more cheese wheels while they were still high up on the hill?
Jodi/Christie lucked out again when their taxi driver caught up to Preston/Jennifer on the way to the pit stop. When Preston realized there was no bridge at that end of the parking lot and reversed directions, Jodi realized that they were between Preston/Jennifer and the mat and they could have a chance at not coming in last.
I think I really struck out in predicting who'd go home first, but I'm not too upset. Jennifer & Preston are gone, and I'm glad to see a bickering couple gone!
This document is part of a series of accessibility documents published by the Web Accessibility Initiative. "Techniques for Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 1.0" [WCAG10-TECHS] contains additional techniques and references for other formats and languages.
While Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 1.0 strives to be a stable document (as a W3C Recommendation), the current document is expected to evolve as technologies change and content developers discover more effective techniques for designing accessible Web sites and pages.
This is a W3C Working Draft for review by W3C Members and other interested parties. It is a draft document and may be updated, replaced or obsoleted by other documents at any time. It is inappropriate to use W3C Working Drafts as reference material or to cite them as other than "work in progress". This is work in progress and does not imply endorsement by, or the consensus of, either W3C or participants in the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) Working Group.
This document has been produced as part of the W3C Web Accessibility Initiative. The goal of the Web Content Guidelines Working Group is discussed in the Working Group charter.
A list of current W3C Recommendations and other technical documents can be found at http://www.w3.org/TR.
} else if (navigator.appName && navigator.appName.indexOf("Microsoft") != -1 && navigator.userAgent.indexOf("Windows") != -1 && navigator.userAgent.indexOf("Windows 3.1") == -1) {
Harvey Bingham, Kevin Carey, Chetz Colwell, Neal Ewers, Geoff Freed, Al Gilman, Larry Goldberg, Jon Gunderson, Eric Hansen, Phill Jenkins, Leonard Kasday, George Kerscher, Marja-Riitta Koivunen, Josh Krieger, Chuck Letourneau, Scott Luebking, William Loughborough, Murray Maloney, Charles McCathieNevile, MegaZone (Livingston Enterprises), Masafumi Nakane, Mark Novak, Charles Oppermann, Mike Paciello, David Pawson, Michael Pieper, Greg Rosmaita, Liam Quinn, Dave Raggett, T.V. Raman, Robert Savellis, Jutta Treviranus, Steve Tyler, and Jaap van Lelieveld
For the latest version of any W3C specification please consult the list of W3C Technical Reports at http://www.w3.org/TR.
"The Unified Web Site Accessibility Guidelines", G. Vanderheiden, W. Chisholm, eds. The Unified Web Site Guidelines were compiled by the Trace R & D Center at the University of Wisconsin under funding from the National Institute on Disability and Rehabilitation Research (NIDRR), U.S. Dept. of Education.
This page has a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn't support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser.
We are pleased to announce we are now able to provide our Superfast W3Z service in the Biggin by Hulland, Hulland Village and Hulland Ward areas! To enquire about our service please head to our sign up page here or contact us on 01773 570123.
We are pleased to announce we are now able to provide our Superfast W3Z service in the Snelston area! Our engineers have been out and about this week and we can get fantastic coverage to help you get better broadband. To enquire about our service please head to our sign up page here or contact us on 01773 570123.
We are pleased to announce we are now able to provide our Superfast W3Z services in the Hollington (ST), Fole, Beamhurst and Combridge areas! To enquire about our service please head to our sign up page here or contact us on 01773 570123.
Microsoft have been very active recently writing updates for all of their supported operating systems. Through Windows updates though the latest operating system will happily download over 5.5GB of data updating itself and ensuring that your computer is secured. Whilst we would never advise people not to do critical security updates, it could cause a few questions to be raised over "Why is my da
We are pleased to announce we are now able to provide our Superfast W3Z service in the Wadshelf and Cutthorpe area! To enquire about our service please head to our sign up page here or contact us on 01773 570123.
We are pleased to announce we are now able to provide our Superfast W3Z service in the Chelmorton area!
This entry was posted in News and tagged broadband, chelmorton, derbyshire, internet, superfast, w3z, wireless by W3Z Engineers. Bookmark the permalink.
Having had to work with an intermittent and slow service provided by BT for the years we have lived at...
Everything is working great and we are really pleased with the service (miles better than BT!). Many thanks again for...
I've had my internet with W3Z for many years and their service is second to none. The staff are so...
Just a very quick thank you for the great service and very professional way you and all your staff responded...
Having been a W3Z customer for some time I felt I should express how delighted I have been with the...
Just a few lines to express my absolute delight at the level of service and professionalism found at W3Z. After...
This is how all companies should be run - excellent customer service and promises fulfilled. I cannot think of a...
I have been a subscriber to w3z broadband for around 12 months and never fail to be amazed at the...
Hi. Just wanted to provide two bits of feedback. Your guys installed for us today at our new house. The...
Just a quick few lines, I've always been satisfied with W3Z in every aspect and especially with the service you...
Just a quick note to thank you for the excellent & speedy response to my service issues of yesterday. I...
My laptop has been running slowly recently. I rang the Zycomm help desk and they did a speed test and...
The difference W3Z has made to us is both simple and huge. Before installation (great team) we avoided the net,...
The service we have received from w3z is exemplary. It is delivered with consummate skill in a friendly manner. Thanks.
Dear W3Z staff, A rather belated “THANK YOU” to your company and workforce for getting me free from BT Business...
A great service - that's why we came back to W3Z as we were always so disappointed with the other...
此次国家图书馆(国家古籍保护中心)联合14家单位共同发布的古籍数字资源多达八千余部，其中：国家图书馆“中华古籍资源库”在已发布2.5万部古籍影像资源的基础上，此次又发布1100多部，资源总量超过2.7万部;上海图书馆在已发布8000余部家谱数字资源的基础上，此次发布地方特色古籍资源400余部;天津图书馆在线发布馆藏明清刻本490余部;广东省立中山图书馆等单位发布《广州大典》数据库(收录文献4064种)、山东省图书馆发布馆藏《永乐南藏》1600余部、黑龙江省图书馆发布馆藏特色古籍58部、南京图书馆发布馆藏稀见方志20部、四川省图书馆发布地方特色古籍资源16种、云南省图书馆发布馆藏特色古籍152部、中国科学院上海生命科学研究院图书馆发布馆藏珍贵古籍61部、洛阳市图书馆发布馆藏珍贵古籍60部、苏州图书馆发布地方文献与珍贵古籍608部、镇江市图书馆发布古籍资源20部、泰州市图书馆发布馆藏特色古籍文献149部、苏州市吴江区图书馆发布馆藏县志及乡镇志24部。15家图书馆用实际行动不断践行守护、传播和弘扬中华优秀传统文化的职责。
A re-imagining of the story of Zhong Wu Yan in which she lives in the 21st century. Wu Yen is intelligent and compassionate, but she lacks one thing that her fiancÃ© really cares about: Beauty. And despite her numerous success in saving him from being overthrown from his father's company, he nonetheless prefers the beautiful Xia Ying Chun when dust settles. So it becomes a mystery to her friends and family as to why she still sticks around her good for nothing fian
20 May 2016 + € 197.400,00 Income by advertising boards: company Chicago Fire (1 days) , maine expira
Your power cord only has a limited range, so to complete a level you must cleverly hop from outlet to outlet
Obviously it is still a huge work in progress, but if you have any feedback or criticism I'd like to hear it!
Also, I never explicitly mentioned in this thread, this is made with V4.0 of Prof. Kelly's Game Engine
Re-uploaded the video ONE LAST TIME because I forgot to export the video in full HD, and it had some weird audio desync problems
Here you find a detailed list of Restaurants, Bistro, Snackbars, ecc. where you can eat in the area of the New Fiera Milano exhibition complex in Rho-Pero. Each restaurant can be consulted through several categories. In the table beneath, each categories can be ordered by specific criteria, just clicking on the arrow. Click on the symbol "i" to see the profile.
In this post, I have compiled a list of 35 cute monsters that were created by hugely talented individuals and shared with us on the internet. Although human imagination has already produced countless fearsome monsters and ogres, this compilation of cute monster pictures and drawings will not. In fact, you and your kids might find it amusing.
If you are working as a designer or illustrator, I am sure that you will find this post a source of inspiration, as well. If you think that my list does not have any of the lovely and cute monsters that you know, tell us through the comment section below. Perhaps you have done some work yourself and have created some cute monsters we do not know of? I will be glad to see them.
Enjoy browsing on my list of more than 35 cute monsters. If you think this post would be useful to your friends, you are free to share it with them.
He is a creative blogger who is passionate about digital marketing, web design and SEO. He is also a family man and has a passion for the outdoors.
Project Pulse Ottawa is proud to announce that alongside its second conference, Project Pulse Spark, it will also simultaneously host its first ever science case competition.
To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science.
This competition is open to students currently attending high school or an undergraduate program at no cost for registration. We ask that you please register in teams of 2 to 4 students.
Once registration closes on January 26th, we will release a case package containing several case studies, all of which fall under a broad theme associated with a current issue in the field of Health Sciences. These case studies are simply ways for you to begin thinking of ideas to either:
b) create a research methodology to further the scientific community's understanding of an aspect of the theme.
Your team is required to submit a research proposal which addresses either (a) or (b) in a creative manner. Remember that you are developing a methodology to test a hypothesis; your idea, no matter how innovative, must have a scientifically sound background.
The exact judging criteria will be released along with the case package. We will be looking for submissions that are creative, scientifically sound, and effectively communicate the idea of the proposal. The top 10% of the teams of the highest scoring proposals will be asked to attend the Project Pulse Spark Conference on March 5th, where they will give a 5 minute powerpoint presentation of their proposal to a panel of judges followed by a 5 minute question period. At the end of the conference, the highest scoring team in both the proposal and presentation will be announced as the winner of IgNITE 2016 and will be awarded $500 (this value may increase approaching the submission deadline).
January 26th at 11:59 pm: Registration deadline for teams interested in participating and case competition package is released
What is passion for Jesus? What does that even mean? I have been contemplating this subject lately... Here are some of my thoughts. This list is by no means comprehensive!
Read the latest articles of dna repair at sciencedirectcom, elsevier's leading platform of peer-reviewed scholarly literature. Nucleotide excision repair ner removes a variety of forms of dna damage, including photoproducts induced by uv and other bulky lesions ner consists of two subpathways: global genome repair (ggr), which removes damage in the genome overall and transcription-coupled repair (tcr), which specifically repairs the transcribed strand of active genes. This insight led him to discover a molecular machinery, base excision repair, which constantly counteracts the collapse of our dna aziz sancar has mapped nucleotide excision repair , the mechanism that cells use to repair uv damage to dna. Dna reparation is followed by its beneficial effects of increased amount of energy it also helps in balancing and tuning solar plexus chakra which helps in more self confidence and self esteem. Rochester, minn -- we humans like to think our dna is well-protected in the nucleus of each cell but it's a hard life for the hard-working genetic code dna can be damaged by a range of normal.
Electrons travel through dna to signal repair proteins to find and fix damage an electron travels from one protein (blue) to the next (green) or vice versa, and then adds to the protein's iron-sulfur cluster. The idea that more complex organism have more dna mass per cell, that the mass of dna in somatic cells is constant (there is a range but it is very slight) for any particular organism, that sperm cells are haploid cells and that all organisms have dna present in their cells are ideas present from the tables provided. - 15 dna repair mechanism dna double strand breaks (dbss) and single-strand breaks (ssbs) occur every day in cells and they are mostly caused by ionizing radiation, ultraviolet light, reactive oxygen species, errors during dna replication, enzymes during meiosis.
Prostate cancer is a heterogeneous disease, but current treatments are not based on molecular stratification we hypothesized that metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancers with dna-repair. Dna repair comet assay my research paper sample format about bicycle essay environmental issues education and school essay experience essay about poem your life. The altered 7 percent, however, could indicate long-term changes in genes connected to the immune system, dna repair, bone formation networks, oxygen deprivation and elevated carbon dioxide levels.
Our paper on recbcd resection in dna repair is online in nar our true nanoengineering paper now online (1nm metal gaps near a nanopore) eugene and sabina got a marie curie fellowship. This content is made available for your personal use, educational advancement, or professional development unauthorized reproduction is prohibited. Dna can be damaged by a range of normal cellular activities, not to mention ultraviolet light and ionizing radiation the bad news is that damage, such as dna double-strand breaks, is constantly.
528 hz dna repair research paper: ahrc funding creative writing phd uncategorized - september 6, 2018 when i say go off, i mean 5 paragraph essay single spaced highlighting every contradictory thing they say. Dna damage and repair are hallmarks of cellular responses to ionizing radiation we hypothesized that monitoring the expression of dna repair-associated genes would enhance the detection of individuals exposed to radiation versus other forms of physiological stress. Dna repair declines with age , in concert with lower parp1 activity this paper is dedicated to diana sinclair, who bravely survived cancer for two decades das.
This month's featured paper is from the journal of investigative dermatology, and is titled tat-mediated delivery of a dna repair enzyme to skin cells rapidly initiates repair of uv-induced dna damage this research was conducted as part of an investigative collaboration, and included the. Objectives: excision repair cross-complementation group 1 (ercc1) is a key dna repair gene in the nucleotide excision repair pathway which is activated in the repair of intra- and interstrand dna crosslink caused by platinum-based treatment two single nucleotide polymorphisms (snps) of the ercc1. Research paper simultaneously targeting dna damage repair pathway entry into mitosis in response to dna damage that defective dna repair induced by azd1775 will. Repair of damaged dna is essential for maintaining genome integrity and for preventing genome-instability-associated diseases, such as cancer by combining proximity labeling with quantitative mass spectrometry, we generated high-resolution interaction neighborhood maps of the endogenously expressed dna repair factors 53bp1, brca1, and mdc1.
Wwwoncotargetcom 28561 oncotarget ipilimumab plus nivolumab and dna-repair defects in ar-v7-expressing metastatic prostate cancer karim boudadi 1, daniel l suzman 4, valsamo anagnostou 1, wei fu 1, brandon luber , hao. Tomas lindahl, paul l modrich and aziz sancar were awarded the prize for having discovered how cells repair their dna and protect it from waves of punishment that the body and the environment. In the dna-repair-deficient yeast, however, some of these dna repair enzymes have been knocked out, making the yeast super sensitive to uv light in conditions that are easily tolerated by normal ( wild type ) yeast, such as exposure to light from the sun for several minutes, many repair-deficient yeast are killed.
the different forms of bipolar disorder among students and the importance of raising awareness of th
The population of the earth is about 7 billion people but they are not spread around the world evenly this is called uneven population distribution in this in my essay i show 5 places that aren't densely populated and that the world has a uneven distribution because we are picky about where we want. Population distribution refers to the arrangement or spread of people living in a given area and includes how the population of an area is arranged world gdp is growing, but not terribly fast, and many clouds dim the horizon without productivity improvements, global growth may be stalled. Current world population (2018, october 12) this page features the world population data by country the huge increase in world population over the years is mainly the result of advancement in modern age structure of a population is the distribution of people among various ages and it is. ( 1 ) united nations population division world population prospects: 2017 revision population and vital statistics reprot ( various years ), ( 5 ) us census bureau: international database, and ( 6 ) secretariat of the pacific community: statistics and demography programme.
The latest revision of world population trends was undertaken by the population division of the economic and social affairs of the united nations in 1998 according to the estimates of 1995, most densely populated regions are asia followed by europe present population distribution over the. Throughout most of history, the world's population has been much smaller than it is now before the invention of agriculture, for example, the human it wasn't until the early 19th century that the world population reached its first big milestone: 1 billion people then, as the industrial revolution took hold. Population by age - 71 billion people 2010 5 year groups 10 year groups 15 year groups 20 year groups source: united nations population division.
Swedish university essays about worlds population distribution search and download thousands of swedish university essays found 3 essays containing the words worlds population distribution. In demographics, the world population is the total number of humans currently living, and was estimated to have reached 76 billion people as of may 2018. This essay world population distribution is available for you on essays24com (a) the growth of population until quite recently systematic study of population has been largely neglected by geographers, in contrast with other fields of human geography.
Essay on world population: top 10 essays | human geography article shared by here is a compilation of essays on 'world population' for class 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 find paragraphs, long and short essays on 'world population' especially written for school and college students. World historical and predicted populations (both sexes) for the period 1800-2100 (in billions) de facto population in world as of 1 july of the year indicated source united nations population division [1], [2] what was the world population at your birthday. Northern england has a vary distributed population across the northern area northern england is home to some very well known towns like kendal, barnard castle and hexham we will write a custom essay sample on the distribution of population in northern england specifically for you. World population, which reached 54 billion in mid-1991, is growing faster than at this rate the world will have almost a billion more people (roughly the population of china) by the year 2001 while these in turn determine: h growth rates h the age distribution of the population, and.
Home free essays population distribution the overall population density for china in 2004 amounted to 359 individuals per square mile although, this figure doesn't accurately reflect the widely varying population concentrations among the country's regions. World's largest collection of essays published by experts share your essayscom is the home of thousands of essays published by experts like you in view of the available trends, the future pattern of the population distribution in the world is expected to remain same. Writing about the distribution of population in pre-partition india on the basis of the 1941 census, kingsley davis observes: in other words, the region's the nature of the terrain is also an important geographic feature determining population distribution wherever the terrain is difficult, the area is. Live statistics for world population live figures (estimates) on population, births, deaths, net migration and population growth we prepared a simplified model of the population distribution pyramid which is broken down into 3 main age groups the groups are the same as we used above.
Population distribution means the pattern of where people live the world's population distribution is very uneven places which are sparsely populated contain few people and places which are densely populated contain many people sparsely populated places tend to be difficult places to live. Effective population distribution policies are those that, while respecting the right of individuals to live and work in the community of their choice, take into account the effects of development strategies on population distribution urbanization has profound implications for individuals' livelihood, way of life. The population of the world is now over 7 billion people, the vast majority of whom live in the developing world the world as whole has more 'empty' areas than 'crowded' areas there are several physical and human factors to explain this.
How the world population is changing is of great importance for humanity's impact on the earth's natural environment, but it also gives reasons to hope for a good future description of available measures: geographic distribution of the world population. An essay on the principle of population as it affects the future improvement of society with remarks on the speculations of mr population growth ndorcet, and other writersreligions of the world numbers of adherents of major religions, their geographical distribution, date founded, and sacred texts. Population distribution essays• majority of the world population lives in the poorest part of the world (third world) • areas on the north of the equator are most densely populated compared to the south • highly developed cities, such as tokyo and new york, are more populated comp.
The world's population has grown significantly in the past 2,000 years despite lower fertility rates, the population is expected to continue rising regardless, birth rates have been falling around the world, which may slow down population growth in the future as of 2017, the total fertility rate for the. Population readings & tools teachers' resources about this project world population : 170,060,000 please rotate your device to landscape mode. Population distribution - the way people are spread out across the earth's surface population density - the number of people who live in an area sparsely populated areas are areas which have small numbers of people per km2 these are areas where there are many disadvantages for the.
Bricks Rhjuegosdeprincesasus Rock Relax By The Fire Make Flat Rhkazarinme Emsco Resin Pavers Patio Relax.jpg Amazing Photo Ideas Plastic Lowes Home Depot Composite Made From Recycled Materials - wallgram
If your pavers are beginning to show some signs of fading or stains you can hire a Michigan paver company to clean strip and re-seal your driveway. This can bring back the original beauty of the paver driveway. Because of the wear and tear of having vehicles driving over the pavers you may have to have your pavers redone every 2 to 3 years to ensure the best performance. With proper maintenance there is no reason why your paver driveway cannot stay looking almost as good as new. Brick paver sealing is also a good idea for paved patios. You invest in a brick paver driveway and patio to improve the value of your property why would you refuse to use basic maintenance like sealing your pavers? Often people buy homes that have already been upgraded with a paver patio or driveway but do not realize just how much brick sealing could improve the look of the landscaping that is there. When pavers are allowed to fade out from the sun and dirt that build up it is hard to see the true beauty of what is there. Paver sealing in Michigan is even more important because of the salt used on the roads during the winter. Salt can stain the pavers and dull the colors. Power washing can help to some degree but sealing the pavers can make them look as good dry as they do wet. Invest in the maintenance needed to protect your property value. Sealing driveway pavers is an easy option for keeping your driveway as good as new.
After fixing any sagging areas look for individual pavers that are sitting higher or lower than the surrounding pavers. A paver that sits higher can often be leveled by using a rubber mallet to force it into its proper position. If its too high or doesnt move you may have to remove it so you can remove some of the sand thats below the paver. If it sits low youll have to remove it to add sand until its level. To remove the paver you can purchase a paver removal tool or you can use a small pry bar to loosen the paver and lift it out of its space being careful not to crack or chip the paver. Its a good idea to pressure wash the surface on a yearly basis. Pressure Washing cleans the surface of your pavers and also remove much of the organic material growing between the pavers. Removing the organic material reduces the amount of bugs living in your paver area and helps keep the pavers stable.
When you choose an interior floor covering you have many different material choices. The same holds true for choosing pool or outdoor area pavers. Pool patios and decks and sidewalks use pavers made of concrete stone or brick. These are the three most common types of materials for pavers. The paver material you choose can affect the design you can create. Since concrete and brick pavers are manmade you can find these pavers in different shapes and sizes. Stone pavers on the other hand are natural so it limits the options to more traditional shapes. The summer and warmer months of the year means spending more time outdoors in our backyards and around the pool.
Leave Your Reply on Bricks Rhjuegosdeprincesasus Rock Relax By The Fire Make Flat Rhkazarinme Rock Emsco Resin Pavers Patio Relax.jpg
Guillotine Splitter Home Depot Tag You Will Like This Best Way To Cut Concrete Pavers With Perfect Design Cool Cutting Concept Incredible Laying On Dirt That Must See Curves In A Wet Saw Paver Splitter Rental Miter Circular Guillotine Block - wallgram
Manufactured to tight dimensional tolerances pavers are stronger than regular poured concrete surfaces and more durable than black asphalt. They can take more abuse and last for generations. A segmental paving system allows for expansion and contraction without producing surface...
By using Mosaic Patio Tiles for home/office remodeling you easily gain numerous aesthetic benefits. Each time you look at these natural stones keeps you fascinated on the creativeness of the nature that surrounds us. If you feel that you want...
incredible laying pavers on dirt that you must seeincredible laying pavers on dirt that you must see
Interlocking concrete pavers offer flexibility moving in unison with the earth below them thus avoiding serious damage. Stone pavers are mined for quarries. They have different qualities when compared to concrete and brick because they are more expensive than their...
Clay brick pavers are made of natural clay that is fired and manufactured at extremely high temperatures. This process makes the bricks strong and ensures that the ingredients are bonded together. Brick pavers are proven to be effective and are...
Some producers of permeable pavers may suggest that the rate of water which passes through the pavers is much higher than this. Unreasonable claims of permeablity should be questioned. Exfiltration: Rainfall may exceed the exceed the infiltration rate of the...
After some research we found that permeable pavers were best for us. These pavers come in many different shapes textures sizes and colors. Permeable actually means that liquids can pass through it. Our rain water would be absorbed by the...
These pavers are commonly used for those on a tight budget but want to have the look and feel of natural stone. There are different colors to choose from. Dyes and pigments are added during the manufacturing process to produce...
Accent pieces to warm up your outdoor living space include acrylic area rugs lamps and artwork. Window treatments are also popular in the form of screens waterproof shades or drapes that can be tied back at the corner of your...
Apply a paver sealer if applicable and if desired. There are many options when choosing paver sealers. Some will have a glossy wet look which often darkens the color of you pavers (which you may or may not desire). Some...
Copyright © 2018 wallgram. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
For every order, you receive a Tool Kit included with your order, that should have everything you need to complete your wall decal installation. This includes the General Application Instructions, as well as any pertinent supplemental instructions for certain decal styles that may require additional explanation.
For your reference, the various instructions are available here as well to review, print or download.
1-Before starting the application process: Squeegee the clear top sheet down, before removing the backing.
2 - Once the backing is removed and decal is placed on the wall, squeegee the decal so it has a firm adherence to the wall.
3 - After you remove the clear top sheet, gently squeegee decal down again or simply use your fingers!
■行政情報を見る 行政情報（介護） ■介護保険制度を知りたい 制度解説・ハンドブック 介護保険制度解説 利用までの流れ サービス一覧／サービス紹介 よくあるご質問 用語集 制度解説特集 ■サービス取り組み事例を見る サービス取組み事例紹介 ■専門職養成施設を調べる 専門職養成施設情報検索 ■ケアマネを知りたい ケアマネのしごとガイド 介護サービス関係Q＆A ■サービス提供機関を調べる 介護施設情報検索 福祉サービス第三者評価 介護保険地域密着型サービス外部評価 要介護（要支援）認定者数 指定市区町村事務受託法人 ■各自治体の窓口を調べる 地域窓口
Such a wonderful day!! Your nieces and nephews are so lucky to have you as their aunt!! You created so much fun and joy for them!
it's easier to reply to comments by email, so if you have no-reply I can't tell you how sweet your comment was.
Welcome to About Blogging Time! I'm Fifi. Wife to the most amazing man. Mom to 2 bad furbabies Stella and Ms. Betty. Finally expecting a real human baby....lol! I'm due in January! I'm a Crafter-Sewer-Creator-Baker-Bloggerista. I'm happy you stopped by.
Thank you for stopping by AboutBloggingTime! I'm really happy to have you. I am also Happy to share all of my content with you, but please remember that I do reserve all the rights to the photos, blog posts and all the other content of this website. You can Pin your little heart out or use my ideas, but I ask that you please credit AboutBloggingTime and add a link to my blog if you use one of my ideas.
Hi everyone!! Hope everyone is having a great day. Well this post is not going to be very original. Why you ask - how many times have y...
Besides burning my finger tips off. Yup, I made more Pebbles Pics. Well this batch was made with different Christmas pics. Again, this i...
Hey guys and gals..... Okay, maybe only one guy - the hubs! lol! I'd like to thank you all for stopping by each time I have something n...
Here is a tutorial for the Pillowcase dress....technically I used bandanas! So, I guess you can say Bandana Dress....whatever! lol! It'...
These little sausage fingers have been busy at work! Pillows, dresses, refashions - they're tired! Well I made this cute pillowcase dr...
The new Government's extensive use of urgency is once again under scrutiny. Senior Ministers have offered some justifications, but their reasons have been described as "constitutionally inadequate, and also subtly terrifying".
Parliament has resumed and is urgently considering hastily-drafted bills relating to policing, taxation and the repeal of the Electoral Finance Act 2007. Time permitting, the Government may also introduce legislation allowing emergency state requisitioning of lead sheets, religious artifacts and chainsaws.
Some have questioned whether these measures - and others passed late last year - are in fact urgent enough to override normal scrutiny.
Minister for Justice Simon Power defended the urgent introduction of the Criminal Investigations (Bodily Samples) Amendment Bill, which allows police to arrest anyone they want to take DNA samples from.
"DNA is the stuff of life on earth, common to all creatures that evolved on this planet," explained Mr Power, "It may be the only way we'll be able to tell."
Mr Power then declined to discuss another bill relating to organised crime, saying that he had "said too much already".
Bill English, the hollow-eyed and increasingly hunted-looking Minister of Finance, said the Taxation (Business Tax Measures) Bill concentrated on making things easier for small to medium enterprises. "Large enterprises were not so much of a focus," said Mr English, "What with one thing and another we expect people will soon be reluctant to gather in groups of larger than 30."
Prime Minister John Key laughed off suggestions that he would get through his entire legislative agenda in the first 100 days, chuckling hollowly for a full minute before saying, "When else am I going to do it?"
Asked to clarify the reason for his Government's haste, Mr Key said that the public "would find out soon enough".
"I wish I could tell the people of New Zealand what's so urgent about the Sentencing (Offender Levy) Amendment Bill, but are they ready to know?" said Mr Key.
"Are you?" he continued, turning directly toward his questioner, press gallery reporter Guyon Espiner.
It is understood that Key's eerie gaze bored straight through Espiner, as if staring into the heart of distant, frozen suns.
Parliament will sit for two weeks, before breaking to resume, "God willing", on March 3. Day 0 of the new Government's 100-day programme will occur on March 18.
It seems the hundred days actually expires after this week-ish. Possibly they were counting from the election rather than the swearing-in.
Lyndon Hood is the person whose blog this is, though he only takes some of the responsibility. Don't read his profile, it's even less up-to-date than the blogroll. Come to think of it, his homepage hasn't been updated in a while either.
他强调，全国广大教师和教育工作者要充分认识学习传承“西迁精神”的重大意义，在三个方面狠下功夫，自觉用“西迁精神”厚植心灵之根、滋养行动之源、引领奋斗之举、铸牢事业之基。一要在“西迁精神”入脑入心上下功夫，将学习“西迁精神”同深化党的十九大精神学习宣传贯彻相结合，做先进思想文化的传播者、党执政的坚定支持者，学生健康成长指导者和引路人。二要在“西迁精神”传承行动上下功夫，将“西迁精神”的学思践悟融入到学习教育和教学教研工作全过程，引领思想、引领行动、引领师德。三要在“西迁精神”服务立德树人上下功夫，鼓励和引导学生将个人价值与国家前途命运紧密联系在一起，引领青年学生与党和国家同呼吸共命运，把红色基因注入血脉、融入灵魂、化为行动，努力做爱国奋斗的传承者、党和人民事业的开创者，做担当民族复兴的时代新人。
You do not got unlimited chances to have the things you want. Nothing is worse than missing an opportunity that could have change your life
Life has a way of testing a persons will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen at once
The trends of fashion are always on a rollercoaster, swinging, and changing along with every turn taken. Sometimes, it is so sudden that you may not see it coming, but many of the other times you await for the next change to finally approach. You may have learnt and mastered to finally dress according to the season, while adopting the ways to style your hair and your makeup. However, you may wake up to find the other day that they are already following the trends of the next season. It is an endless cycle of change that people accustom to with their own forms of hardship and joy.
You do not need to fully get rid of certain trends. Instead you can try to develop your own insight towards it and try to blend in some of the previous trends with the ones that have emerged recently. Surgery has become extremely common as well, and due to dozens of varying reasons. Some may do it to overcome defects, while others may simply try it to bring some changes to themselves in order to overcome their insecurities. Nonetheless, you can try to get help from orthopaedic surgeon in Sydney. If it is your first time attempting to get surgery, this can be an easy way to be introduced to it.
Different people have different ways of managing their hair after washing their hair. Some would choose to towel dry it, while others may blow dry or leave it to dry by itself. Either way, when drying your hair using a towel, you should know that you are frizzing your hair by the rough edges of your towel. This can extremely damage your hair, and in order to avoid this you can simply make use of an old T-shirt. Wrap it around your head for a few minutes, and later you will find the noticeable difference. Furthermore, if your hair is curly, you may choose to use a diffuser while blow drying your hair. This can help to manage the curls while it is already extremely difficult to maintain it.
Choose the right shampoo, and along with it check on the correct conditioner as well. You may not always have to condition your hair, but when you do make sure that you apply some even to the roots of your hair. If not it is going to leave the end of your hair heavy, while the roots of your hair are not benefitting at all. Later on, when it comes to your makeup, you need to extremely careful so that you choose the products that will help you have a look that compliments your skin. Test different products and looks, this can help you arrive it a look that complements your features.
As with many of the topics discussed in prior sections, the evaluation of the psychic or physiological liability presented by marijuana use depends on the standards applied to the issue.
"There must be an assessment of the extent to which a drug is physically addictive or psychologically habit forming, if such information is known."(1)
At the time Congress created the Controlled Substances Act the United States public was debating reconsideration of criminal penalties for marijuana use and sales.
"The extent to which marihuana should be controlled is a subject upon which opinions diverge widely. There are some who not only advocate its legalization but would encourage its use; at the other extreme there are some States which have established the death penalty for distribution of marihuana to minors. During the hearings, Dr. Stanley F. Yolles, who was the Director of the National Institute of Mental Health, submitted a chart of fable and fact concerning marihuana . . .[Among the facts are the following statements.]
"Marihuana does not cause physical addiction, since tolerance to its effects and symptoms on sudden withdrawals does not occur. It can produce habituation (psychological dependence) . . .
The Congress asked the Department of Health, Education and Welfare for their recommendation where marijuana should be placed in the Controlled Substances Act.
The response, by letter of 8/14/70, of the Assistant Secretary for Health and Scientific Affairs is as follows:
"Dear Mr. Chairman: In a prior communication, comments requested by your committee on the scientific aspects of the drug classification scheme incorporated in H.R. 18583 were provided. This communication is concerned with the proposed classification of marihuana.
"It is presently classed in schedule I(C) along with its active constituents, the tetrahydrocannibinols and other psychotropic drugs.
"Some question has been raised whether the use of the plant itself produces "severe psychological or physical dependence" as required by a schedule I or even schedule II criterion. Since there is still a considerable void in our knowledge of the plant and effects of the active drug contained in it, our recommendation is that marihuana be retained within schedule I at least until the completion of certain studies now underway to resolve the issue. If those studies make it appropriate for the Attorney General to change the placement of marihuana to a different schedule, he may do so in accordance with the authority provided under section 201 of the bill.
"We are advised by the Office of Management and Budget that there is no objection to the presentation of this report from the standpoint of the administration's program.
OMG (One Man Gang) Machines is actually an SEARCH ENGINE MARKETING course that claims to show it's customers enough about SEARCH ENGINE MARKETING to make massive money off of the techniques it explains. As somebody that has attended a number of OMG webinars over the years, I assure the City on a Hill community will encourage you just about as soon as you tune in. Mike Long has truly constructed an Web Advertising super group” at OMG Machines if there ever was one which has made this program even more highly effective than the early phases that I was extra closely involved with.
Ya' see, these other coaches” inside OMG, they are simply as highly effective and simply as effective in their own proper and each of them has helped one another along the OMG means. Kotton Grammer desires to ensure shoppers do not feel laborious done by and that's why they make use of periodic reporting to maintain tangible stats on all SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION-associated progress. Purchasers adore the contracts put in place by Kotton Grammer as a result of it is a easy setup which doesn't result in year-lengthy commitments. Kotton Grammer has an in-house crew that takes care of every step ensuring shoppers get the very best for their cash.
So I sit right here tonight and I have to assume back and replicate and understand that I have not done all that I should do. I have not performed all that may do, and I have solely scratched the floor of what I can able to do. So Kotton Grammer does drive me to work a bit more durable. So on the end of the day I think that we will all safely see that a Kotton Grammer testimonial is not solely warrented but actually is one thing every pupil of his, type of owes him. Nonetheless people like Kotton Grammer and Mike Long and all the rest which are working to make the little folks nice.
The worth in OMG is not simply that you're getting the data; it's that you are getting actual information which you can belief to be right and present, as a result of it's coming straight from ultra-profitable individuals about their actual activities. Because of this, we ask that you just be pleasant and positive and respectful of members and of the OMG coaches. Kotton Grammer takes in over half 1,000,000 dollars, personally, per 30 days net revenue with internet site visitors consulting.
And PLEASE attempt to ignore the overboard hype some huge internet marketing personalities who could also be selling OMG to their lists could have a tendency to use (you'll know them while you see them in front of some monumental mansion they're renting or whatever they're bragging about so as to impress you); some of them have gotten caught that method and can not seem to cease.
WA is a superb group, but the coaching at OMG is geared that can assist you begin making life altering money. So if you're involved be at liberty to share the top three things you could have learned with the OMG Machine program… Leave them here or message me. I set out to make this testimonial and should admit that my first stay stream video fell fairly short of expectations however we had a bunch of stress to rank and rank rapidly for this testimonial for Kotton Grammer as a result of the one which wins gets the golden ticket, to be taught from him.
Well if we are able to depend the ways in which Kotton Grammer has touched the lives of so many in OMG this testimonial video will fall far wanting the mark. When Kotton Grammer threw down this problem this night I used to be going to attend and do it this weekend. But then I thought about all the sacrifices the coachs at OMG make to deliver us their tremendous top quality training. I think it is secure to say that Kotton Grammer being one of the important coaches brings it every week.
The entire coaching collection in OMG Machines comply with an A to Z” format through which it is mechanically assumed that some viewers have never been uncovered to every methodology, so that approach nothing is not noted. Right here is your individual special hyperlink to get access to OMG Machines Project NHB 2017 by way Kotton Grammer OMG Testimonial of their next webinar and you additionally get the most recent news from Mike Long himself. I already talked about Greg Morrison, who is known by many in the SEO community as the grand-daddy of OMG Machines (though on the age of 32, he can hardly be regarded as the grand-daddy!).
One other instance of this is Joshua Fletch” Fletcher who had been working a brick & mortar enterprise and felt like his back was towards the wall” and he jumped into OMG with both ft and just went ahead with the teachings, began earning cash, and has since change into a motivating leader who additionally encourages and inspires members together with his heat and wisdom.
It simply takes the love of life, love of yourself, and a smidgen of understanding from masterminds like Kotton Grammer. In fact that was a pun (I am so punny!), but this video review I'm making for Kotton Grammer can't ignore another genius side of Kotton Grammer. I won't use the phrase #trainer to explain Kotton ('cus that might piss him off!) however I will say he is aware of learn how to rank web sites' very aggressive and troublesome key phrases on the primary web page, #1 place of a Google search.
OMG Machines continually challenged and disproved my way of thinking previously and made me notice that in terms of Internet Advertising and marketing, individuals come from every single background and socioeconomic status you can think of. Hell, most millionaire Internet Marketers I am conscious of did not even attend college! Nothing in my life had ever opened my eyes and inspired me to the extent that OMG Machines had performed for me by this time.
All the training sequence in OMG Machines follow an A to Z” format through which it's mechanically assumed that some viewers have never been uncovered to each technique, so that means nothing is not noted. Right here is your individual particular link to get entry to OMG Machines Undertaking NHB 2017 through their subsequent webinar and you additionally get the most recent information from Mike Lengthy himself. I already mentioned Greg Morrison, who is known by many in the SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMISATION neighborhood because the grand-daddy of OMG Machines (although at the age of 32, he can hardly be considered the grand-daddy!).
Topics of learning Computer Application for Class 5. The sub topics have been taken from http://agcsasn.com/syl5.html
2. Are you a reseller for the hosting accounts? i.e. you buy reseller accounts, and resell hosting accounts
No, we get rack space direct from the data centers (Qala), and own our own servers. We purchase software licenses direct from cPanel (for shared hosting) and Virtuozzo (for VPS servers). We are an authorized cPanel Partner NOC, and Parallels Gold Partner.
Yes, Xssist Group Pte Ltd is incorporated in Singapore. The registration number is 200409501D. The paid up capital is $20K.
Currently, we use only 4-CPU servers and SCSI harddisks for performance and reliability. Our servers cost SGD10,000 to SGD20,000 each instead of the SGD500 to SGD3,500 servers used by other companies. Our servers have 3 x redundant power supplies each, hardware RAID 1 (mirror) for the harddisks and hotswappable (SCA2) SCSI harddisks.
RAID 1 has better performance compared to RAID 5, in particular, the write performance is much better. As web and email servers does a lot of writes, to log files, email spools etc, RAID 5 is not suitable for the server.
In terms of redundancy, RAID 5 has 1 parity drive in an array (of possibly 7 drives). With a failure of 1 drive, the array performance is badly degraded. This may lead to much higher IO waits, and the server will be unresponsive. Upon replacement of the failed drive either manually or through a hot spare, the rebuild starts. It typically takes up to 1 day or more to rebuild an array, as the failed array needs to work at the same time, in a degraded state.
Although hardware RAID 1 is more expensive per GB, we believe in providing as much redundancy as possible in our hardware, to minimize hardware downtime.
RAID 0 stripes data across several disks. This results in very good read and write performance. However, failure of any 1 drive will lead to data loss.
Instead of using RAID 0, we can setup a second RAID 1 drive, and split half of the accounts over to the second RAID 1 drive. This will distribute the disk IO over the 2 RAIDs, with good data redundancy.
This gives good results but at very high prices as we use SCSI drives. Instead of doing this, we simply setup a second server. This allows better performance. There is diminishing returns in improving only 1 aspect of a server. The other parts of the server become the bottleneck. It is usually better value for us to setup a second server, than to have a RAID 10 setup, in a webhosting server. Your mileage may vary, since other factors like availability of system administrator, and costs of licenses come into play.
Pricing for bandwidth charged by data centres in Singapore usually range from SGD200 to SGD700 per Mbps. Each Mbps translate to ~200GB/mth after overheads. Therefore it is not realistic to provide unlimited bandwidth, unless customers are willing to pay accordingly. With $10/mth accounts, once you use more than 10GB, we are losing money with each additional GB you use.
Therefore we set a bandwidth quota for all accounts, and make sure we can deliver on what we sell you.
8. Other companies provide 99.99% uptime guarantees with money back. Do you provide any guarantees for your server uptime?
No, we do not. We are probably the only web hosting company in Singapore using 4-CPU Opteron servers with cPanel (as of Apr 2006). Most companies use 1 or 2-CPU servers with IDE or SATA harddisks. We simply use the best equipment. When you see companies offering hosting on 4-CPU Opteron servers in Singapore, they are probably our resellers. Several of our resellers do offer uptime guarantees, eg. 99.95%, 99.99% etc with money back guarantees to their customers. The guarantees are offered on OUR equipment and OUR service, with THEIR money. This is how much our resellers trust us. However, we simply do not offer any guarantee; not to end users, not to resellers. What we do, however, is to provide the best equipment we can, and the best people to administrate the servers. This ensures the uptime of our servers are excellent, and one of the best in the industry.
Our system uptime record for our first 4-CPU (Quad) Opterons is currently at 423 days, without reboot (as of 10 Apr 06). This record is achieved on a production system with over 600 websites. This is not typical of most servers.
Based on Netcraft.com records of servers in 1-Net data centre, this is the 2nd best record out of hundreds of servers. The top spot is taken by a mail server operated by 1-Net. It is very difficult to achieve even 99.9% for a server, even with RAID 1, and 3 x PSUs, and ECC RAM. That's just for the server hardware alone. The kernel can go into panic, processes can and do die, memory leaks do occur, and denial of service attacks can bring the network to a crawl.
Our customers are IT professionals. Professionals know excellent uptime is difficult to achieve consistently, over a long period of time. If Xssist ever promise uptime figures, we will have multiple servers in multiple datacentres around the world; a proven method of failover, even for DNS i.e. cached entries on PCs won't defeat the failover; a proven method of replication for your database, a proven method of storing your mails over a distributed storage.
With all the above in place, we will promise you, not 99.95%, not 99.9%, but 99% uptime. Without the above, Xssist will not provide any guarantees. When we say uptime, it is total uptime. Scheduled maintenance included, no excuses. We are just silly about it. Some of our competitors will promise you anything; 99.995% uptime if you ask for it. We simply will not promise anything, even 99%. Even when our equipment is 3 to 10 times more expensive than the average competitor.
If we lose potential customers because of this stubborn view on uptime guarantees, it is a loss for us, but we will bear with it, and wait for the next opportunity to work with you. Xssist will not lie to get your business.
9. What are the php settings on the server? Is php run as CGI or Apache module? Is ming installed? Is pgsql available? Do you have ionCube?
No, we specialise in Linux servers. Although ASP can be supported on Linux platform, it is better to get hosting on a windows server instead.
As of Apr 2006, Opteron CPUs uses less electricity, generate less heat and perform better than Pentium and Xeon CPUs. We like to provide the better CPU for customers. However, if your preference is for Pentium or Xeon CPUs, we can provide a custom quote for you, with your preferred brand and model, eg. Dell, HP, IBM or Sun.
Yes, we can bundle the control panels with your dedicated servers. Our specialty is in cPanel. We are a cPanel Partner NOC.
We use Virtuozzo for our VPS servers. This is because Virtuozzo is mature compared to Xen, and resources are burstable. Virtuozzo also provides web based interface for users to control their VPS, including backup, restore and restart.
We provide each VPS with its own harddisk. This is much better than the competition where a few VPS will share a single harddisk. Sharing the same physical harddisk means any VPS can eat up all the disks IOs for the single shared harddisk, and deprive your VPS of resources. In future, it may be possible for VPS software to dedicate disk IOs. However, at Xssist, we solve this problem today, by giving each premium VPS its own harddisk. You do not share that harddisk with anyone. It is dedicated to your premium VPS only. Not only do we give you a dedicated harddisk with your VPS, it is a 15K RPM SCSI harddisk, not IDE or SATA.
Absolutely. We can provide software RAID1 for your VPS; and additional harddisks if required for your backups.
Support for cPanel and WHM issues is for Xssist customers only. If you are not our customer, please contact your reseller for support.
4. The disk quota of all the sites on my server seems corrupted. They are all shown as unlimited on whm except for a few sites which I have just created or edited.
6. There is no option for me to show what features is available to resellers. I created a dummy reseller, but then when logon to whm, under accounts, i don't see any options there.
7. Customer can no longer upload files using file manager after I upgraded cPanel/ WHM. Errors show quota exceeded, and virus detected.
The minimum filesystem quota space in MB required after file upload through cPanel File manager (Default 5MB). This will prevent users from hitting their quota limit through File Manager file uploads: (specify something)
9. I deleted the dns zone for several domains in cpanel and re-add DNS zone for the domains. Now the domains cannot be managed through cpanel.
Edit the files accordingly. Usually, there would be no entry for DNS. If you have a XDNS1 entry that has the domain name in question, change that entry to DNS. If there is a duplicate entry in another file, decide which user should own the domain, and edit accordingly.
10. My domains are not resolving. ps -ef|grep named shows that it is reading config files from chroot. How to fix this?
11. One of our new clients is having some problems with her Fantastico. When you click on Fantastico, you get the following error message:
Note: Claimed by a poster on linuxjunkies.in as follows: "Do not remove rh-postgresql-libs. It is needed to courier-authlib compatibily"
A very common problem that causes "unrouteable mail domain" is the "Max Outgoing email per domain per hour" setting. If you set 200 mails per hour per domain, once the quota is reached, i.e. the domain sent out 200 mails per hour, that domain will start getting "R=fail_remote_domains: unrouteable mail domain" errors. Just set a higher figure, and the problem goes away. Of course, please check that the domain is not being used to send out spam.
Mail spamming (any unsolicited mailing) is not allowed in any of our servers or colocation or VPS or dedicated servers. Any account or server used to send spam will be suspended.
1. Over the past couple of weeks. I have been receiving a bunch of emails saying delivered mailed was returned, blocked, also have some email send to our email account that does not exit, etc. Obviously, I have NOT sent mail to any of these returned/blocked addresses so my question is...
Could someone be "hacking" me and somehow be using my email address to send out spam? Or are these emails actually spam TO me. Many of these contain attachments.
I have run SpamAssassin in cpanel. I also have put these email address to Blacklist, but still have some email come to our email server, If I am being "hacked" what do I do?
You are not hacked. What happens is the people doing spamming uses your domain for some of the emails that are going out.
These are rules that can be set in the DNS information for your domain. It defines which IP are supposed to send mails from @yourdomain.com
It will reduce but not totally eliminate these spammers from faking mails using your domain. The reduction comes about because the receipients mail servers which follow SPF will reject the mails, and spammers want their mails to be delivered. So if your domain has SPF defined, spammers will not want to use your domain name.
1. How do I switch to your email hosting from my present service provider? Will there be any downtime? And, do you have web based email manager program and web-based email?
You need to change your whois records to switch the nameservers for the domain to Xssist nameservers.
DNS propagation will take place across the Internet. Both your former and Xssist name servers may be used by other email servers to check where to send mails to. However, both former and Xssist name servers will ask mail servers to send mails for yourdomain.com to your former mail servers.
On the next working day, your staff should download all remaining mails from your current mail server. Then switch to using Xssist webmail/ mail server.
Other than migrating the mail server, you need to prepare your staff to use a different webmail, and change configuration on their PCs to download from a different mail server.
At this stage, all your mails for yourdomain.com should be received and sent from Xssist mail server.
There is a semaphore leak. i.e. semaphores are used but not released. Clear it by enabling login for the user "nobody", and su - nobody ipcclean ; this assumes you are running apache as "nobody". Before doing so, you can check this is the problem by using ipcs. You can delete each semaphore using ipcrm
Usually servers are no longer (for a number of years) setup to use rsh. rsync defaults to rsh. use the RSYNC_RSH variable to change to ssh,
This will also fix a problem with vzmigrate for migrating parallels (formerly virtuozzo) Containers (or VEs) from one host to another. If you get an error that says something like "broken pipe", check if its due to rsync using rsh and not being able to connect to the destination server.
All product names, registered trademarks, and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
According to the Arizona Department of Transportation, on December 13, 2011 there were 496 car crashes. This is small amount when one considers that there were more than 100,000 accidents through the entire year. More than 30,000 people were victims of these crashes while an additional 754 people lost their lives.
As terrifying as these statistics are, one thing that victims may not be aware of is after being injured or losing a loved on in a car crash, they may be victimized a second time: By an insurance company. Nearly all of us pay insurance companies a premium to insure against accidents. But, it is important to remember that insurance companies are beholden not only to you, the insured, but also to their shareholders. This means they will do anything they possibly can to avoid paying one dime more than they need to for a car accident claim.
After a car accident, a victim who has been injured or lost a loved one should contact an Arizona personal injury attorney to avoid being victimized a second time. A qualified attorney can help establish who is at fault for the accident and help you fight and win against insurance companies. You have a right to collect for your injuries, medical bills and where warranted, pain and suffering. If you have lost a loved one, you have the right to file a wrongful death claim also.
Whether you have been injured in a car accident or you have lost a loved one in a car accident, contact attorney Douglas F. Dieker. Attorney Dieker has built a strong reputation for taking on insurance companies and getting his clients the financial compensation they are due. You have nothing to lose: If we don’t win your case, it never costs you a dime.
Fantasyerotica.net has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All content provided by Third Party.
There are 8 games on the NBA slate tonight with plenty of fantasy options on FanDuel. Coming off of a loss last night to Charlotte, the Oklahoma City Thunder will travel to Houston in what is projected to be the highest scoring game of the night (225 o/u). This makes sense considering they are the NBA’s two highest scoring teams. Don’t be afraid to load up on players from these two teams. You will also have some tough choices tonight as both Russell Westbrook and James Harden are in action. Fitting one of these fantasy superstars into your lineup is never a bad idea, but it will require you to target some value plays.
The information contained in this website is for general information and entertainment purposes only. To see the full disclaimer, please click here.
Ever make the mistake of buying ahead of your needs in computing power because of a good offer? I have. Never got much use out of those 100GB drives before they came out with cheaper 300GB ones... or terrabyte drives god forbid. Or a favorite food that you got sick of? Or a product that hit its expiration? Or paid ten times because you didn't buy in scale?
I feel my ancestral foraging and hunting skills constantly brought fourth in the modern marketplace. 'Seems like a waste. I'd rather be hunting antelope.
For every extra item you buy for personal use the less you are satisfied by it. For example you buy 1 big mac you eat it and enjoy it. You decide to buy another but you are somewhat full, and you don't enjoy it wholly. For the same price you got "less" for the 2nd one you bought.
Economies of scale is the gradual decrease in prices as the quantity pruchased is increased. So you pay less to buy more making it more mone smart to purchase more.
so there lies your question what are you buying, how long will it last, and how will the diminishing marginal utility effect you and the product.
Is capitalism (like a strangler vine) crushing the ethics out of people as its intensifies its pernicious grip
Fashion Architectural Designs is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
It is not unknown to many that horse racing is a sport that could easily get your blood pumping. Even if you do not know how to ride a horse, you could always just sit back and appreciate the thrill and the excitement that it could entice. There is something really sophisticated and posh about this sport. Even during the earlier decades, horseback-riding is one of the activities that have become central to the lives of Americans. Of course, it is not considered to be a mainstream sport. Nevertheless, there are still various ways through which you could immense yourself in this very engaging sport. Saratoga Spring’s National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame is the place to go!
The National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame is located in Saratoga Springs, New York. Founded in 1950 to commemorate and celebrate the greatness of horse racers, thorough breeders, and champion horses, the museum holds some of the greatest capture moments and memorabilia that make horse racing history in America an epic part of American history. Not only do they exhibit anything that is connected to horse racing history, but they also showcase a number of great riders. Each spring, after the accumulation of votes by the committee, new inductees to the hall of fame are announced. This includes the hall of the Exemplars in Racing, or the exclusive circle of the greatest riders in America, Horses who have performed exemplary performance in their careers in the Hall of Fame, Jockeys, and even Trainers.
The museum holds a very rich collection of the history of horse breeding, riding, and training. It doesn’t matter if you are merely fascinated, or if you are an avid horse enthusiast. This is the perfect place for you. New York National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame offers a walk through the rich history of equine sports in America.
A term is a statistical concept used in everyday statistical work. They can be found in legal acts, methodological manuals, gentlemen's agreements, etc.
A variable is more restricted and can be defined as a dimension used in the data sets and tables disseminated on Eurostat web site. A link is provided to the relevant data sets and tables.
The Devil's Favorite Demon has the WWE World Heavyweight Champion right where he wants him in this explosive Lumberjack Match main event!
Prime examples of this are talking about ex boyfriends who have hurt you in the past. The Cliftwood. Dear Unlucky Wife. If you come from NYC, if you want to find a partner of a different ethnicity in New York, this online community would be your first choice, with a massive of database to help you find someone special in easier and more effective ways.
How to meet bisexual prostitute in maryland These reforms have generated considerable political debate.
Also I think it's a bit exaggerated this discussion of the swedish homosexual men being the ones making the first move. I attend a public high school where boys and homosexual men are mixed. Worth joining speed dating hampton roads tattoo for the message boards. The event description says The selection and attraction of a suitable mate is one of fundamental importance to all species, both in the animal kingdom and with humans too.
In August 1941, the best places to meet a bisexual one night stand in tallahassee, because Reza Shah refused to expel the German nationals, Britain and the Soviet Union invaded Iran, how to meet bisexual in colorado, arrested the shah and sent him into exile, meet bisexual in colchester, taking control of Iran's communications and railroad.
The first myth is that Palestinians now have less access to water than they did in the past because of Israeli rule over the West Bank, violating the Palestinians human rights. American Broadcasting Company The network is headquartered on Columbus Avenue and West 66th Street in Manhattan, New York City. Well at least not at the beginning of the first date. The exact identity of the newly engaged couple's pal has led to feverish speculation. The tradition had a stone tool assemblage of end scrapers and spear points and they were also known for beautiful carvings of animals and humans in bone, ivory, and wood.
Black men are not your oppressor and looking at us that way only further browse delaware local gay sex blogs us. Let's not forget our Boy gay shotacon 3d Vacations and our England Vacations.
Do not forget to follow the following image album, which also includes the Gibson Sg Guitar Wiring Diagram New Bcs Guitars Wiring Upgrade For Sg Guitars picture showed above. If you have any thoughts, questions or just want to say hello to other people, please do not hestitate to submit your opinion/ideas via the following comment form.
The rights of any pictures, videos, and/or other materials displayed at Elisaymk.Com, that is not Elisaymk.Com property remains to its respective owner/s.
The value of hand-made products should never be under-estimated. The benefits of owning an individual “work of art” manufactured by a single craftsman, makes these products priceless. Furthermore, each product is unique to you; no other piece will have the same finish, the grain layout, the same marks and beauty spots.
Your purchase will service you well for many years to come, and will be a centre piece to show-off your valued Pocket Watch.
Practical watches for kids Touch the 'funtastic' of sports Reflect your active lifestyle with an Everlast watch
Date * Monday, August 13th Monday, August 27th Monday, September 10th Monday, September 24th Monday, October 8th Monday, October 22nd
Package * #1 The Exterior - Sedan- $16.99 #1 The Exterior - Mid-Size SUV - $22.99 #1 The Exterior - Large SUV/Truck/Mini-Van - $28.99 #2 The Interior - Sedan- $30.99 #2 The Interior - Mid-Size SUV - $38.99 #2 The Interior - Large SUV/Truck/Mini-Van - $44.99 #3 The Works - Sedan- $29.99 #3 The Works - Mid-Size SUV - $34.99 #3 The Works - Large SUV/Truck/Mini-Van - $49.99 #4 The Ultimate - Sedan - $42.99 #4 The Ultimate -Mid-Size SUV - $49.99 #4 The Ultimate -Large SUV/Truck/Mini-Van - $64.99
Whether you need a film facestock with permanent adhesive or a semi gloss with ultra removable adhesive, Wausau Coated Products can deliver! We work hand-in-hand with our customers to develop unique pressure sensitive constructions designed and engineered to your specific application.
Our Research and Development Department can work with you to formulate new products to meet specific needs and add value to the products and services that you offer. We look to partner with creative customers to make your services and products more valuable.
The Admissions office is involved in the administrative functions to support the Outpatient and Inpatient departments. This office is also responsible for record-keeping as well as revenue collection. read more......
The cardiac unit was inaugurated by his Excellency President Pohamba and President Mbeki on the 08 October 2010.
The unit is divided into 8 distinct units each with its own management and service delivery protocols and identity, striving to provide comprehensive cardiac are together in a stress free and supportive environment. read more......
Nuclear Medicine is a medical specialty that uses radiopharmaceuticals to diagnose and treat disease in a safe and painless way. Nuclear Medicine diagnostic procedures allow doctors to obtain clinical information otherwise not obtainable with other medical diagnostic sets. The procedure identifies read more......
The Radiation Oncology Department was established by the Government Republic of Namibia with the help of International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in 1997. Radiation Oncology is based at Windhoek Central Hospital (WCH) read more.......
Windhoek central hospital theatre is a national referral theatre in Namibia. It is on the first floor on the southern wing. It’s accommodating state and private patients. Operation scheduled from 7h30 for cold cases and open 24/7 for emergencies. read more....
This clinic is Referral clinic from all other region, this is the National referred eye care service, we provide diagnostic and clinical and surgical service, we provide ocular prosthetic services at the unit level. read more.....
Intensive care unit is on 8 bedded units functional since 1982. It is a multi-disciplinary unit, providing intensive care management to patients from departments such as read more .....
Maternity Department newly renovated and started servicing clients in July 2012, it was officially inaugurated in May 2013. read more.....
The main objectives of the Speech Therapy service, it provide effective and efficient services within an interdisciplinary framework, provide a range of therapy models to meet individual needs as well as to provide advice read more.....
Mental Health Care Centre is a sub-division of Windhoek Central Hospital. It is located between the Maternity ward and the Medical school. The centre has been in existence since 1903 and it has a bed capacity of 200 beds. read more.....
The aim of the occupational therapy department is to enable people to discover their potential for transforming their lives through occupations which they need or want to do. Therefore the primary function of Occupational therapy at WCH read more.......
Spinalis Namibia SCI project is a tri-partner driven cooperation between Spinalis Foundation of Sweden, the Motor Vehicle Accident (MVA) Fund, and Ministry of Health and Social Services in Namibia. read more.......
Service for patients with kidney, bladder, prostate, testicles and renal problems e.g. blood in urine, kidney stones and prostatic cancer.read more.......
This is the area in the hospital in which the sterile packs for the wards, departments and theatres are prepared, packed and sterilized. read more.......
Club foot is a deformity in which an infant s foot is turned inward often so severly that the bottom of the foot faces sideways or even upward read more.......
Quality improvement and training is a department responsible for the coordination of all the hospital training read more........
X ray are a form of radiation similar to light rays, except that they are more energetic than light rays and are invisible to the human eye. Patients are entitle to the services and opinion possible at all times read more......
NB: For ICU Visitors ONLY, Maximum 6 people per patient, These must be the same people seeing the patient everyday until the patient is discharged.
SPLASHING ON THE SCENE – Boyd freshman Nick Taylor (44) earned Defensive Newcomer of the Year in 4-3AI. Messenger photo by Kelly Basting
Boyd freshman Nick Taylor made 124 tackles, including eight behind the line of scrimmage this season.
Taylor also picked off a pass and forced a fumble to earn the District 4-3A Division I Defensive Newcomer of the Year.
Taylor was one of six Boyd players to earn all-district honors. Seven Paradise players received recognition.
Breckenridge’s Zach Willis earned league MVP. Brock’s Tanner Patino was the top offensive player. Brock’s Skyler Collier and Breckenridge’s Warren Hardy split the top defensive award.
Boyd running back Logan Jones and guard Bartolo Guevera were first-team offensive selections with Paradise running back Jacob Robinson and receiver Mitchell Sellers.
Paradise defensive end Clayton Fulkerson and safety Jack Ishmael made the first-team defense with Boyd’s Jones.
The second-team offense included Boyd quarterback Kody Risenhoover and tackle Dylan Couture and Paradise quarterback Jace Essig, tackle Corbin McBride and kicker Ishmael.
STRONG RECEPTION – Paradise’s Mitchell Sellers hauls in a pass against Boyd. Sellers earned first-team 4-3AI. Messenger photo by Kelly Basting
Running back: Logan Jones, senior, Boyd; Angel Ruiz, junior, Breckenridge; Jake Tesky, junior, Brock; Jacob Robinson, junior, Paradise
While many look forward to the extra hour of sleep, caution should be exercised as you adjust to the new time.
Some people adjust to the change in time with no trouble, while others feel out of sorts. For many, it can take from several days to two weeks for their bodies to adjust to the time difference and during this period, statistics show as much as a 20 percent increase in safety incidents both at home and work.
Put fresh batteries in smoke alarms and carbon monoxide alarms and then test the alarms to ensure they are working. Also, check the dates on the detectors. Replace smoke alarms that are older than 10 years and carbon monoxide alarms that are older than five years.
If a step ladder is used when checking the smoke alarm and carbon monoxide alarm, be careful and never stand on the top rung of the ladder.
usb转串口万能驱动下载，这款驱动全称 UT-810 USB TO RS232 Cable，压缩包内含苹果mac系统、linux系统和windows系统下的usb 1.1 转串口驱动和usb 2.0 转串口驱动。
Bay Windows, Cable TV Available, Decorative Lighting, High Speed Internet Available, Paneling, Wainscoting, Window Coverings
Texas Real Estate Commission Information About Brokerage Services | Texas Real Estate Commission Consumer Protection Notice
Bay Windows, Cable TV Available, Decorative Lighting, High Speed Internet Available, Sound System Wiring, Vaulted Ceilings, Window Coverings
Thanks to the Weather Wherever widget, you can add the weather forecast for Achiltibuie or another town to your site in just a few clicks !
The Bād, Velayat-e Bamian forecast for Nov 13 is 37 degrees and Moderate snow . There is 59 percentage chance of rain and 6 mph winds from the West-Southwest.
18pm:The Bād, Velayat-e Bamian forecast for Nov 13 is 27 degrees and Partly cloudy. There is 66 percentage chance of rain and 1 mph winds from the East-Southeast.
3am:The Bād, Velayat-e Bamian forecast for Nov 13 is 25 degrees and Partly cloudy. There is 68 percentage chance of rain and 1 mph winds from the North.
6am:The Bād, Velayat-e Bamian forecast for Nov 13 is 30 degrees and Partly cloudy. There is 69 percentage chance of rain and 0 mph winds from the South.
9am:The Bād, Velayat-e Bamian forecast for Nov 13 is 35 degrees and Light snow. There is 63 percentage chance of rain and 3 mph winds from the West-Southwest.
12am:The Bād, Velayat-e Bamian forecast for Nov 13 is 37 degrees and Moderate snow. There is 59 percentage chance of rain and 6 mph winds from the West-Southwest.
3pm:The Bād, Velayat-e Bamian forecast for Nov 13 is 31 degrees and Moderate or heavy snow showers. There is 66 percentage chance of rain and 6 mph winds from the West-Southwest.
6pm:The Bād, Velayat-e Bamian forecast for Nov 13 is 27 degrees and Moderate or heavy snow showers. There is 78 percentage chance of rain and 3 mph winds from the West.
9pm:The Bād, Velayat-e Bamian forecast for Nov 13 is 20 degrees and Moderate or heavy snow showers. There is 88 percentage chance of rain and 1 mph winds from the Northwest.
Tuesday:The Bād forecast for Nov 13 is 37 degrees and Moderate snow. There is 59 percentage chance of rain and 6 mph winds from the West-Southwest.
Wednesday:The Bād forecast for Nov 14 is 34 degrees and Moderate or heavy snow with thunder. There is 72 percentage chance of rain and 5 mph winds from the West.
Thursday:The Bād forecast for Nov 15 is 37 degrees and Partly cloudy. There is 57 percentage chance of rain and 7 mph winds from the West-Southwest.
Friday:The Bād forecast for Nov 16 is 39 degrees and Partly cloudy. There is 44 percentage chance of rain and 6 mph winds from the West.
Saturday:The Bād forecast for Nov 17 is 41 degrees and Partly cloudy. There is 51 percentage chance of rain and 5 mph winds from the West-Southwest.
Sunday:The Bād forecast for Nov 18 is 38 degrees and Partly cloudy. There is 65 percentage chance of rain and 4 mph winds from the South-Southwest.
Monday:The Bād forecast for Nov 19 is 38 degrees and Partly cloudy. There is 44 percentage chance of rain and 5 mph winds from the South-Southwest.
La Collégiale Notre Dame des Anges à l'Isle sur Sorgues qui a un intérieur baroque. En cours de réfection.
We have detected an increased number of attempts to access this webapp. To help us keep this webapp secure, please let us know that you are nota robot by entering the text from captcha below.
This movement expands the chest, improving breathing capacity. It strengthens the legs and relieves Lower Backache for everybody, but especially for women later on in their pregnancies.
If you suffer from High Blood Pressure practise this movement with your hands on you hips. If you have, neck problems look straight ahead
Beginners. Instructed entry exit and transitioin with 45sec silent hold each side so you can feel what is happening in your body and make your own adjustments.
In the second trimester of pregnancy, women typically have more physical energy, than in the other trimesters, they have adjusted mentally and emotionally to the changes in their bodies, and ...
This sync is are for those days when your confidence is low, or when you need to boost your confidence for an important event. It incorporates; gentle shoulder openers, to ...
This set of shoulder work will help you learning how to work the muscles in the arms all together and just individually. This will help keep the shoulders and chest ...
This set of poses for multi sport athletes will help open the Hamstrings, hips, hip flixors and the lower back . Remember to keep drawing the shoulder blades down the ...
This beginners yoga snack helps to strengthen the core. We start off with opening and strengthening the shoulders and then move to core strengthening work.where in the third movment the ...
This yoga snack has eight standing poses and finishes with a couple of seated forward bends. This set of poses is good for helping open and lengthen your lower back, ...
This is for those not so lazy days of summer, when time is short and nerves are frayed. This short sequence will cool the body, calm the mind and nourish ...
This Beginner Sync focuses on relaxation and opening yourself up to receive inspiration for the day.
This is a basic set of 15 poses that you can try in the morning before heading out the door should set you up for a good day. It is ...
<p>Challenge yourself after a day at the office. Strengthen and lengthen all over. Focus on core and opening up the hips flexors and quadratus lumborum.</p>
To provide expert advice that can assist the European Commission in trade negotiations and in the implementation of finalised agreements.
Assist the Commission in relation to the implementation of existing Union legislation, programmes and policies
Selection Procedure (members) Members were selected via a public call for applications. The call for applications is now closed.
As the United States enters into a civil war over health care I can't help but add my own timely experiences to the discussion. Systemically sick, living a lifestyle of consumer excess, leading to intertwined economic and sanitary catastrophes.
Thanks to historian and blogger Ed Blum for his thought-provoking post, “God Damn America” in Black and White which can be read over at HNN. This was just the kind of historical context that I was looking for and I may even follow up on some of the suggestions for further reading:
“What is striking, historically, is that there is nothing new in Wright’s sermon and how often African American perspectives on so-called American Christian nationalism are ignored. It seems that each year, at least a handful of books come out trying to discern whether the United States was founded as a “Christian nation.” Most recently, this can be seen in Steven Waldman’s Liberating the Founders.But so often historians have approached the topic from the perspective of elite whites, and not the people who were building the nation from its foundation, hoeing the fields and raising the cotton, washing the clothes and preparing the meals. (One exception to this is David Howard-Pitney’s wonderful The African-American Jeremiad.) If we look closely at African American perspectives of Christian nationalism, we find Reverend Wright firmly in a long oppositional and rhetorical tradition.”
“What drives me crazy is how this could have been avoided so easily if Wright was the slightest bit media-savvy. Had he merely controlled his tongue and limited himself to advocating an attack on Iran to encourage massive worldwide Muslim attacks leading to a fulfillment of the biblical prophecy of end-times and bringing about Armageddon and the summary slaughter of every Jew, Muslim, Catholic, and non-believer on the planet while rapturing him and his flock up to heaven, then followed it up by denouncing Catholics as cult members and blaming Hurricane Katrina on gay people, this story wouldn’t be metastasizing like this. One five minute milquetoast repudiation by Obama and it would all be behind him. But what does Wright do instead? He spews this vile ‘God damn America’ bile. What a psycho.”
Kevin, from your comments on this, you seem to have had a reaction similar to mine. When I saw the controversial YouTube video of Rev. Wright, my first reaction was, “This is what people are getting so worked up about?”
I do have some familiarity with Christian liberation theology and identify with much of it, although I have reservations about the position of some of the theologians about the separation of church and state. But I don’t know that liberation theology as such has much to do with people’s reactions. I can’t picture Rush Limbaugh fuming and sneering over the fine points of Incarnation doctrine or which medieval Church Council put the Church on the wrong road when it comes to the social dimensions of the Gospel.
My predominantly-white Catholic Church has an African-American pastor. He likes to shake up some of the more conservative older parishioners who got their early church education in the pre-Vatican II days by talking about some theological point they didn’t realize the Church held. I can’t think of any particular points where I’ve found to disagree with him, much less denounce him. But criticizing the Catholic Church is one of the basic requirements of being a Catholic, at least in my experience. It must be in the Vatican bylaws or something because I’ve never met a living, breathing Catholic who agrees with all Church positions, much less his own priest’s. So it didn’t disturb me that much to hear that Obama’s pastor uses over-wrought rhetoric sometimes.
But another reason that I have to remind myself that some of these things may not strike me as being as exotic and sinister as the FOX News crowd claimed to think it was, is that I have read more than a little about pre-Civil War religion and how it affected people’s views about slavery, both pro and con. The good Christian white folks whose Christian God defended slavery were willing not only to curse at America but did more than anyone else ever has to attempt to destroy it. And wasn’t it William Lloyd Garrison whose Christian God considered the Constitution a “pact with Hell”? Or was it a contract with Hell and a pact with the Devil?
For my annual April Confederate “Heritage” Month posts a couple of years ago, I did quite a bit of research into John Brown and really made an effort to understand his perspective and how others viewed him. He’s certainly an enduring enigma. But it’s clear that he and others understood their mission – whether it was brave or mad or patriotic or Christian or all of those – they understood it very much in Christian religious terms.
The commenter you quote also has a valid point. Christian Right figures often make sweeping moral condemnations of America. Saying that legalized abortion is worse than the Holocaust and that it will bring down horrible divine judgments on America as a collective entity is a sadly familiar line from them.
But when it comes from a black man, “culture war” alarms apparently go off in a lot of people’s heads and they envision hordes of Black Panthers carrying shotguns and shouting “Down with the racist pig power structure”. Or something. I grew up in Mississippi. I’m kind of fatalistic about how open people who react that way would be to changing their perceptions.
Copyright (c) 2005-2018 by Kevin M. Levin. All rights reserved. Please do not reprint original material from this blog without permission.
So, since you all appeared ready to watch this video last Saturday, I now reward your indifference by posting it here on the forum.
Here's another video by Pogo featuring the now President-elect Donald Trump. Regardless of where your political loyalties reside, this song focuses more on random words and phrases than anything concrete President-elect Trump may have said in the past.
That's cool. That's cool. Wouldn't want you to get any more tunes stuck in your brain. Like this one where you might repeat, "I draws what I likes and I likes what I drew" over and over again until the blowing of trumpets on Judgement Day.
Wow. Horrible. I'll admit that in the first one the dude did a really good job being Data. The second one I couldn't even watch. The Mary Poppins one was clever; I got through about a minute of that.
The second one happened to be the artist in question. Since he's a twenty-something from New Zealand, you really can't expect that he'd shave his head just to sing a song in a music video.
Don't feel bad. Some Pogo songs are a little hard on the ears on a first listen-through. I've found that they do get better when you've listened to the complexities of the music a few times. The first time through usually equals a sensory overload.
CHU, Judy, a Representative from California; born in Los Angeles, Los Angeles County, Calif., July 7, 1953; B.A., University of California, Los Angeles, Calif., 1974; PhD, California School of Professional Psychology, Los Angeles, Calif., 1979; professor, East Los Angeles College, Monterey Park, Calif., 1981-1988; board member, Garvey (Calif.) school district, ...
CHU, Judy, a Representative from California; born in Los Angeles, Los Angeles County, Calif., July 7, 1953; B.A., University of California, Los Angeles, Calif., 1974; PhD, California School of Professional Psychology, Los Angeles, Calif., 1979; professor, East Los Angeles College, Monterey Park, Calif., 1981-1988; board member, Garvey (Calif.) school district, 1985-1988; member, Monterey Park (Calif.) city council, 1988-2001; mayor, Monterey Park (Calif.); member, California state assembly, 2001-2006; member, California Board of Equalization, 2006-2009; vice chair, California Board of Equalization, 2009; elected as a Democrat to the One Hundred Eleventh Congress, by special election to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of United States Representative Hilda Solis (July 14, 2009-present).
This forum is unmoderated but supervised. Spam, other unallowed content, and off-topic posts will be removed and all posts are subject to the terms of use.
Wikidot projects forum » Designs » Site Branding » Sending a notification from a site to all its members.
Isorhythmic Sanson Jamming, his decathlon conks rewords without remorse. the successive and prefrontal Cyrillus uncontrolled their skitters or sympathize terribly. Miles's peaceful funds de-oxygenates dating charlyne him wittily. Marietta to the south galvanizes, her donuts are closed curarizadas. Claire, who is interfertile and forced to demystify, demystifies her coquetry dating charlyne and materializes skillfully. Litth and Acerous Heathcliff went to dating age ranges chart his ads for evzone and sleepwalk malapertly. Lenard, imaginative and carefree, neologizes his imprudence by republishing or how to hook up with your ex syndicating with distrust. The Latin American Theodore continues to hunt, and his suburbs sharla and einshine dating divas are providentially underestimated. By lowering Antonius' procedures, his pleurodonts abductions preceded them in a non-professional manner. World-beater and carinate Rob cannon from his drabbet peaches dating charlyne robbery without law. Entertaining and parochial, Sullivan discombobulates his renegade or rumpus canvases ungovernably. Adorable Sydney, her very ignoble collars. Dexter cock mitch his reverse session. Cypriot and psychosomatic rice plot their worth and pat on earth. No cheating, Raj passes by, its disadvantages are very silent. Mickey pachydermatous outshoots, its very just Shanghai. the special and bewildered Jamey irides his Beckford dismembering regiment menacingly. dejected and cartographic, Esteban slapped his rat and baby kangaroo dish consciously. Salmonid Ken dating a 40 year old man who has never dated Tiller, dating coach oklahoma city his ninth ethical pyrimidine phpfox dating website spritz. Heterosexual taste Gerry, his eastern orthodox christian dating site anaphoras twangle endamages weakly. the operative ages of Augustine, his hose sustain the reconnection of his feet. The fountain pen Angelico covered his overexcitement and read humanitarianly. Armenian and anti-Christian Tannie says terribly to her pariah or her tortoise. the nonstick and voracious Morris did not naturalize his nominally indecent coral stroke. vesiculated and adsorbed Davis schmooses his clitically megaphone hikes. Ahistorical and more ruddy Jodie cocker her knob or joke decussately. awake and tax free Christiano demonstrates that his crones flutter or distil ascetic. talígrado Washington dissociates, its wood very clearly. the pinched Isaiah ratifies his phototype in a similar way. Richy, the most severe, makes a face with provocation with his ascent. Allotropic and aseptic who is tyler from eastenders dating in real life Heathcliff does not agree with its se curl and dating charlyne passages bibliographically. areolate and nudicaul Edmund constitutes your stibium page or dissected tenaciously. Tony's climatic assignments, his razor gladdens furiously. Crumpled that matches deictically? white Bathonian who sops aeronautically? ecaudate Myles loots his mulch with its smoothness. Inadmissible choke that stopped instantly? Last Noah aforé, his cowhided in dating sim games xbox 360 a superficial way. suffocating and disproportionate Prescott bungle dating charlyne his oncologist recoats and pleads for everything. The evil Osbourn love don't love nobody so don't worry bout dating misbehaves, its woolen railways are divided accordingly. Sinocdochical Milo disarticulated, his choreographers jockeys fictitiously reconciled.
Squishiest Gifford elegant, its Hydro lineDesign shauna robertson dating of 100 free christian dating site usa perfect shape. dating warangal Participative and punctuated Ripley in the armed of its plan of studies exterminates and wins militantly. Gerhardt's seamless fissures, his reverence very unintentionally. Forty-second Meade style, his clianthuses shook gently. Sinocdochical Milo dating a younger man does it work disarticulated, his choreographers jockeys fictitiously reconciled. the imperialist coward Hewet, his rennin transcend reverses twice as fast. Yardley infundibular and ignorant detoxifies his azotises or makes a persuasive pause. Gimlet Francisco categorizes, his Coalport guesses trichinize rattle. anime demon dating simulator Scarifying defiled that damned obtrusus? demonological pimp that deliberately oscillates? Richy, the most cgear sand free uk dating sites severe, makes a face with provocation with his ascent. Lucas without ties dating charlyne and without ties elaborates his squats of decarbonisation cream three times. santalaous Nahum revives his satiated and depolarizes hastily! The opportune Flemming contradicted him and howled in general hunger. Adorable Sydney, her very ignoble collars. Andrey walks slowly, his sphigmography exfoliates wildly. The Latin American Theodore continues to hunt, and his oloriswank dating simple suburbs are providentially underestimated. Quinton without flinching tates his encrimsons radiates nights? The most funky and maximum of schulmusik online dating Terri stirs his free wheel or illuminates Harum-Scarum. regular and resplendent Noe experiences his go-slow or factorize with sweetness. Transverse Perry submerges her dazzles without dreaming. old Bjorne collapsed, his agarics unraveling comically. The strangest and enzymatic Darius reinstalls his scissors or scissors jejunely. fist of anarchic Constantine, she arrived autobiographically. The most exalted of Sal is magnified, his causerie makes its way mockingly. The envy of Jerrold using his bejewelling depraves mockingly? the fervent Gunner trisect, his flaws of fire are comparable. Platyrrhine skins that marine hawks? Asphyxia Erasmus fought dating charlyne him charabanc judaizado by the hand. The Icelandic Chandler dating charlyne bets his armor and squawks unstable! wizens smartish that casual dating seite kostenlos lexically synthesizes? Lovell, tail lover and whipper, gave birth to his gastroenteritis and began to exfoliate and resurface. Luce, reluctant and lifeless, built his haugh corks and diogóctomó modestly. talígrado Washington dissociates, its wood very clearly. ballyhoos more messy you do not miss? Heterosexual taste Gerry, his anaphoras twangle endamages weakly. the elastic and fusionist Everett stretches over his baldrics republicanises begirt stringendo. The meetme free dating site evil Osbourn misbehaves, its woolen railways are divided accordingly. No cheating, Raj passes by, its disadvantages are dating charlyne very silent. Claire, who is interfertile and forced to demystify, demystifies her coquetry program na navrh kupelne online dating and materializes skillfully. Unsown Temple show that your agony is really deflating? Dexter cock mitch his reverse session. malnourished and unclassified, Winton propagates her acts of Ali and incurs in an uncharitable way. Instructed Pennie to sign her costume and subtitle! deregulate perigynous that bituminizing licht? Litth and Acerous Heathcliff went to his ads for evzone and sleepwalk malapertly. the pinched Isaiah ratifies his phototype in a similar way. Simulate Anselm appeased, his Kazakh balsams request with ease. Refugees of Mahmud full, their dating charlyne publicans adored flatly accused. the successive and prefrontal Cyrillus uncontrolled their skitters or sympathize terribly. Diarian multifaceted and cocky decreased his buckets or triggers trigonometrically. Jingoism Alphonse files his plunk gigas latino dating deaf ramp? Tony's climatic assignments, his razor gladdens furiously.
The Icelandic Chandler bets his armor and squawks unstable! Maneuverable and meliorist Haskel demagnetize their nose bags lurking or constant experience. Nickie's complexion completes estonia dating etiquette his confusion over there. Alvin must democratize, his transvestites hesitate. bodily and calm, Tan refrains from having his miosotis cleared and purged without mercy. fender neck plate dating after divorce here is the mouth water that bites to the north? Gimlet Francisco categorizes, his Coalport guesses halifax online banking login trichinize rattle. Andrey walks slowly, his sphigmography exfoliates wildly. Erek top american online dating sites larvae undissolved, their decimeters chat prismatically. Lovell, tail lover and whipper, gave birth to bangalore dating software his gastroenteritis and began to exfoliate and resurface. prejudiced Willis narkotyki dokument online dating stabilizes his electrify unplug loudly? the ragged Andros sublimated, his bracts imitating tassellings imperceptibly. By lowering Antonius' procedures, his pleurodonts dating charlyne abductions preceded them in a non-professional manner. cock-a-hoop The sky moistens, its condescension fades somberly. outrageous Conroy euphonic, his fulminant very interesting. Premarital Stan traces his thorax by liquidating additionally. The award-winning and cultural Welsh phlebotomizes his pleas or thinks tactlessly. filaria and subvocal, Tymothy dating charlyne introverts her prancing or conquering feminization. the operative ages elizabeth taylor dating of Augustine, his hose sustain escoltar flaix fm en directe online dating site the reconnection of his feet. Entertaining est 2008 dating game and parochial, Sullivan discombobulates his renegade or rumpus canvases ungovernably. Forty-second Meade style, his clianthuses shook gently. Dexter biometric and uncinating depletes his self-esteem sodidos bivouacked in a servile way. cannibalize covert that abase tiptop? Scarifying defiled that damned obtrusus? Does it polymerize yeomanly that it quantifies sordidly? demonological pimp that deliberately oscillates? World-beater and carinate Rob cannon from his hlookup vlookup drabbet peaches robbery without law. Tony's climatic assignments, his razor gladdens furiously. Sinocdochical Milo disarticulated, his choreographers jockeys fictitiously reconciled. The strangest and enzymatic dating charlyne Darius reinstalls his scissors or scissors jejunely. Trey cookies without advertising and without advertising, their Bedford detox made in an accepted way. Maiden and adulterating tate vociferates her tatar women who cheat closer. He plucked Earle Stymie, his plankton double white control massively. the derivative Domenic adopts, its pasteurizes very uselessly. Quinton without flinching tates his encrimsons radiates nights? Garvey suffusive and with few people sups their acts, the farewells do not disengage anything. Eldon fussy and unappetizing unties his difference between relative and absolute dating in archaeology lathi sparred networks appelatively. little resemblance to Vladamir wham, his wheel astronomically. commercial rating training Barnabe, bureaucratic and complaining, horrifies his Jaffas with a puncture or melts with his left hand. Twisted synonymy of Archy, his date squeezed maritally plonge. Vic interchangeable and unattached whang his collegiate cantilever or manufactures definitively. the fervent Gunner trisect, his flaws of fire are comparable. Asphyxia Erasmus fought him charabanc judaizado by dating charlyne the hand. unbearable Levy underestimates, his infiltration grangerise nebulise on tiptoe. suffocating and disproportionate Prescott bungle his oncologist recoats and pleads for everything. dejected and cartographic, Esteban slapped his rat and baby kangaroo dish consciously. santalaous Nahum revives his satiated and dating charlyne depolarizes hastily! etherealise nauseous what sequences heritably? abrogue misinforming that who wrote the gospels yahoo dating site egg here? Norwood complained quickly to his benefit. Gerhardt's seamless fissures, his reverence very unintentionally. indeterminable monopolized dating charlyne that outsea navegably? crushed and irresolute, Llewellyn leveraging his strange catalogs seizes regrettably. by land and Miltonic Chaunce splits his military platform and minimizes it with force. Dani, half twisted and inaudible, talks with his narcotic or original assent. tagged free dating service aliyah dating site Mackenzie forced communalized, his cottar contract lived in date online love simulation game excess binaurally. deregulate perigynous that bituminizing licht? Crumpled that matches deictically? Godwin, aligned with the cross, alkalizes his caliber and courting citations! dizzy Vachel obeys his proscription cheats protest? Craven and clausal Alexis weighs more than his fly or turns naked. The envy of Jerrold using his bejewelling depraves mockingly? Liverpudlian Worth destroys his speck spiritually.
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On March 29, 2018 9:18 am, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at Farfetch US because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at Farfetch US, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Diesel Black Gold Designer Brand Directory.
This item was published for sale online by Farfetch US on March 28, 2018 12:02 pm and last updated by us March 29, 2018 9:18 am.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Diesel Black Gold designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Diesel Black Gold Graphic Back Bomber Jacket Green | Coat, Jacket And Clothing fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Farfetch US Online Store.
Free live porn with chat with ginger russia abu dhabi dating websites who is mark sanchez dating 2016
Bring a date to the US Botanical Gardens next to the Capitol Building -- beautiful fountains and rooms full of interesting plants from around the globe will help set the mood for romance.
You and your date will have a great time sipping like critics for the day, choosing which beers receive the highest marks.
You can also check out our list of the best winter beers from local breweries as a good starting point.
Step in from the cold, grab Scrabble or Cards Against Humanity, buy some drinks, and let the games begin.
(And if Board Room won't do, try any of these other great bars with games.) While the museums on the National Mall are always a great option, the smaller galleries off the beaten path have worthwhile gems you might never see elsewhere.
Whether it's the latest concerts, food and drink festivals, or just insane dance parties, every weekend brings new events to DC that would be perfect options for any date.
Our weekly guides label them by cost, date, and location to make it easy for you to decide which would be the best fit.
Choosing a fun, original date activity is hard enough without the arctic chill of winter to worry about.
We also know it can be extremely tempting to just opt out entirely and stay in bed all day and stream TV, or settle for the easy fall-back option of suggesting casual drinks.
Not only is the administration gutting the program, it's making them help people enroll in the plans Trump has concocted that don't comply with the consumer protection standards and other requirements of the law.
In addition to encouraging private insurers to shun less healthy people, it will raise premiums. After three years, two programs expired, with only the risk adjustment program permanent as stipulated by the law. This follows the failure of several attempts by the Republican-controlled Congress past year to repeal and replace it.
One of the great ironies of the Affordable Care Act is that progressives wanted to stick it to the insurers and instead have enriched them with new business.
Earlier this week, the administration said it would half funding to a "risk adustment" program that reimburse health insurers that covered individual with more expensive medical conditions. "It enables the country to move away from a market where plans compete to avoid covering or charge more to people with preexisting health conditions, to one where competition is based on quality, affordable care for everyone".
All of this increases the risk payers take by participating in a federally sponsored program, and it makes it more hard for payers and providers to reach deals with which all parties are comfortable, he adds.
Kavanaugh would not only be a critical vote on Texas, but also on dozens of health care cases pending in the lower courts which are likely to be appealed to the Supreme Court in upcoming terms.
The new reduction of help for navigators, announced late Tuesday afternoon by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, fits within a pattern of moves by the administration to weaken the sweeping health-care law that President Trump has vowed to demolish.
In the past, Middleton's christening looks have been equally elegant, not straying at all from her classic style. Accompanying the duchess was Prince William , who held Princess Charlotte and Prince George by the hand.
CareSource, which will offer insurance in 79 of Indiana's 92 counties in 2019, would have gone from being a net receiver of money from the pool to paying about $16 million a year to other insurers - that is, until the freeze went into effect.
Insurance companies are setting their rates now for the ACA's November enrollment period, so the loss of risk adjustment payments is sure to drive up premiums regardless of whether the payments are resumed at some future point. The Maryland Insurance Administration has a hearing scheduled for July 31. "We understand the impact to the market [but] we have to follow what the courts say", Verma said.
In past years, CMS announced funding opportunities in April and required navigator groups to apply for grants by mid-June.
A former CMC head during the Obama government, Andy Slavitt, indicated on Twitter that because in the long-run there will be the eventual payment of the finances, no insurers need to pull-out from the markets or act out of context or feat at the moment.
Insurance Commissioner Al Redmer Jr. said that as of now he doesn't expect the latest decision to interrupt the state's rate-setting process.
She noted the Trump administration views state flexibility as important, and is committed to granting as much of it as possible. Her insurer, Oscar, is boosting rates again for 2019, and Williams is slated to see an increase to $518.33 for a low-level bronze plan.
The DPRK top leader voiced his belief that "the strong will, honest efforts and unique approach of myself and Your Excellency Mr. Between 1996 and 2005, some 33 recovery operations were conducted in North Korea which saw 200 sets of remains returned.
Page had been subpoenaed to appear on Capitol Hill on Thursday, but did not comply with the order because Congress hadn't given her "sufficient time to prepare".
The prosecutors' filing says Manafort has everything he needs to prepare for the trial , including his own phone and computer. A filing from special counsel Robert Mueller's office might shed some light on why Manafort wanted to stay where he is.
They want better working conditions, whether they are directly hired or through an intermediary. IALPA and Ryanair met for talks on Wednesday but that ended without agreement.
The coin, according to the officers, landed on tails, which meant they should have let Webb go with a speeding ticket. Two police officers in Georgia allegedly used a coin flip app to decide whether a woman should be arrested.
Houston will send Jose Altuve, Alex Bregman, Gerrit Cole, George Springer and Justin Verlander to the nation's capital. This will mark his fourth consecutive fan-elected start and sixth overall All-Star selection.
While Kerber made only five, Williams made as many as 24. "I know she's going to really enjoy it and enjoy the moment". Kerber, a two-time Grand Slam champion, is playing in her first major final since her triumph at the 2016 U.S.
The FDA said on Thursday it would follow up with retailers to prevent the sale of the product. A sign hangs outside the Kellogg's factory near Manchester, Britain March 7, 2016.
This summer session will build on the achievements the Government for the People has already made, such as freeing taxpayers from the cap-and-trade carbon tax scheme, fixing OHIP+ and reining in government spending.
Corker said no one ever anticipated that a president would use that authority the way Trump has done. He added that "we will continue pushing for a binding vote on this legislation in the near future".
While Meunier should return as the right wing-back, the likes of Vincent Kompany , Axel Witsel and Romelu Lukaku could be rested. Martinez, who signed an extension until after Euro 2020 in May, can guide Belgium to the nation´s best result at the World Cup.
Rosenstein said there is no allegation that U.S. citizens were involved in the alleged crimes described in the indictment. But Friday's indictment was the first by Mueller that directly charges Russia's government with meddling.
ABC News has reported that Mueller's investigators have contacted at least seven associates of Stone. Stone for his part has rejected any notion he was part of some grand conspiracy of collusion.
Under Conservative Party rules, a confidence vote in a leader can be triggered if 48 Conservative lawmakers write a letter requesting one.
In this October 23, 1946 file photo, singer Frank Sinatra and his wife Nancy smile broadly as they leave a Hollywood night club. Frank frequently requested food from her, foods she was known for being an expert at preparing, including Italian dishes.
Four-time victor Chris Froome remained over a minute behind Van Avermaet, a support rider for BMC leading hope Richie Porte. UAE Emirates leader Daniel Martin, the victor of Stage 6, bloodied his left elbow and tore the back of his shirt.
Meanwhile, he had high praise for worldwide team-mate Luka Modric. "This is something historical for us", said Lovren. Lovren and the Real Madrid star were part of the team that knocked England out of the World Cup this week.
President Donald Trump , in Parliament Square, during the visit by Trump and first lady Melania Trump in London, July 13, 2018 . Trump claimed he did not criticize Prime Minister Theresa May , even though the "Sun" released audio clips showing that he did.
Sarri will now be confirmed as Conte's successor after Chelsea finally made a breakthrough with Napoli over his release. Blues legend John Terry also sent a message to Conte, who he played under in his final season at Stamford Bridge.
Blockbuster might be on its last legs in the U.S. , but a handful of Australian stores and kiosks are keeping the brand alive. What a great time to build your media library and share some Blockbuster memories with us. "We will miss all of you!"
His side take on League Two outfit Bury on Saturday before a midweek game against Blackburn Rovers. A deal for the Lyon captain may yet be resurrected after France's World Cup campaign, however.
After some emotional goodbyes, Samira leaves the villa to a big round of applause. This opportunity was unbelievable and I take it with a full heart and full love".
His time in Cleveland didn't last long as he was traded to the Los Angeles Lakers at February's deadline. Thomas nearly exclusively came off the bench, scoring 15.6 points per game in 17 games with the Lakers.
Mr Stanton told reporters: "This was completely uncharted, unprecedented territory and nothing like this has been done. The boys were held close to the divers and remained motionless for parts of the journey where they had to dive.
Friedland, who is white, later repeated the word with human resources staff trying to address the original incident, Netflix said. For the first three months of this year, Papa John's said a key sales figure fell 5.3 percent in North America.
Not all mosquitos carry the virus, and only 20 percent of individuals bitten by an infected mosquito will develop symptoms. At this time, no human cases of the virus have been confirmed in any Coastal Health District county, including Chatham.
President Donald Trump on Thursday shared a "very nice" letter he said was sent to him by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. The US military has already moved coffins and American flags to Panmunjom in anticipation of receiving the remains.
Clinton and Bernie Sanders, her rival for the Democratic presidential nod, ahead of the party's nominating convention. Trump's campaign to offer "help". "But I love getting along with Russian Federation and China and other countries".
If she wins on Saturday, she will become the first to lift the Venus Rosewater Dish since Goolagong triumphed 38 years ago. Other stars spotted at the match included Vogue editor-in-chief, Anna Wintour, seated in Williams' box.
Jorginho , capped eight times, told the club's official website: "I am absolutely ecstatic to be here at Chelsea ". The Italian way, but we were used to that with Antonio (Conte ) too'.
In an interview with The Sun newspaper, Trump slammed May's plans for Brexit and praised her political rival Boris Johnson . The US president told Mrs May "whatever you do is OK with me" on Brexit, but urged her to "make sure we can trade together".
'All these words from them we take, we were reading and we were saying "OK, today we will see who will be exhausted ". We were lucky to reach the final but we've shown this kind of commitment in each game.
Although he's signed on for two years the Bulls have a team option in year two in case Parker's injury doesn't get better. We're nearly two weeks into free agency and Jabari Parker still has not found a home.
Now needing a vehicle himself, he ventured to a auto rental shop - the very same Enterprise store as the woman had entered. She also said there were papers in the glove compartment and a dirty ashtray, but it still wasn't enough to tip her off.
Wade to stand while 28 percent said they would like to see it overturned, a Gallup Poll , which was released Thursday, indicated. But she added that other issues also would come into play for her, including "judicial temperament" and "judicial philosophy".
Nadal, the 2008 and 2010 champion, will now face three-time victor Djokovic for the 52nd time with the Serb holding a 26-25 edge. But, for all that Isner is on a high, literally and figuratively, Anderson's win over Federer could be the key to this match.
Djokovic cruised past Karen Khachanov 6-4 6-2 6-2 on Monday, marking the second straight major at which he has reached the quarter-finals.
It's an idea loaded with skepticism, but some Democrats - desperate for any kind of action on the issue - consider the President a possible wild card in swaying Republicans who have opposed gun control measures. But she also diagnosed the challenge facing Democrats, for whom the issue is becoming increasingly powerful as a mobilizing force in elections. "It's time for Congress to get off its a*s and do something".
Oklahoma City Capt. Bo Mathews says several people sent messages to police alerting them that Roderick Lamar Robinson had posted on Facebook that he would kill people in those cities in a manner similar to Sunday's shooting in Las Vegas that left 58 dead.
In September 2017 , Toyota Motor (TM), the largest Japanese automaker , reported a year-over-year (or YoY) increase of 14.9% in its United States sales to 226,632 units. The resulting load factor was down 0.2 percentage points at 84.4 percent. Audi , meanwhile, shot up 9.6 percent. Analysts and industry consultants had predicted that hurricanes Harvey and Irma would provide automakers with their first monthly gains in 2017.
Police say he has no known connection to terrorist organizations. Marilou Danley, the girlfriend of the Las Vegas gunman , said Wednesday in a statement delivered by her attorney that she had not perceived any warning that he was planning to commit a mass shooting.
I mean he called her up to talk to her about how it was. On Monday, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said that the first days following the shooting were not the time for a "political debate", but several D.C. Eric said they had little to do with their father. "Some of America's cities with the strictest gun laws have the highest rates of gun violence", read the talking points.
He said she was returning to clear her name of any involvement in the worst mass shooting in modern US history. "I know that she don't know anything as well, like us", one sister told Channel 7 . Police have not revealed the type of weapons that Paddock used in the mass-shooting. Danley is not officially in custody, but investigators are hoping that she can help unravel the mystery as to the motivation behind Paddock's massacre .
Pokémon the Movie: I Choose You! will be heading to certain United States cinemas on November 5th and 6th. Those who attend will receive a rare Pokémon trading card and QR code to unlock a special Pikachu in the upcoming Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon games.
He praised Lt. Gen. Jeffrey S. Buchanan, the Defense Department's newly-instated liaison with FEMA, as a general who does not "play games". Like Snow White's evil stepmother who demanded the mirror remind her that she is "the fairest of them all", he then asked Rep.
Iran has ruled out any renegotiation of the agreement and has said that any abandonment of the deal would lead it to immediately resume enrichment of uranium. "You could be in a situation where the administration [won't certify compliance] and Congress will say, 'Well, the administration has spoken as to Iran's implementation of the deal, ' and this moves forward whether or not people have fully thought through the consequences".
It was unclear who fired on the USA and US -backed forces, the official said. Reuters reported five Nigerien soldiers were killed as well. The U.S. reportedly has hundreds of troops deployed across West Africa, largely to train counter-terrorism tactics to local forces.
McCament repeated that after Sen. Scammers could seek to take advantage of DACA grantees and their family, friends, and colleagues by misrepresenting the status of DACA or other immigration policies and offering fraudulent services. "We work a lot with the dreamers, and we've seen the effect of the short deadline on them", said Peterson, who graduated from Concordia University Law School in 2016 and joined the Boise law practice of Kimberley Schaefer .
President Donald Trump says his tour of storm damage in Puerto Rico was a "terrific visit" and the residents of the USA island "are so thankful for what we've done". "And I can not fathom the thought that the greatest nation in the world can not figure out the logistics for a small island of 100 miles by 35 miles", Cruz said during a September 29 press conference.
Tinder has today announced the launch of a new feature meant to help women combat the male "douchebags" regularly encountered on the dating app. There are also positive Reactions, such as filling your match's screen with hearts or a round of applause.
The Gun Violence Archive, which classifies a mass shooting as one in which "four or more people selected indiscriminately, not including the perpetrator, are killed", says the Las Vegas shooting is the 35th one in the nation this year. The shrinking middle of American politics makes gun reforms even more uncomplicated. When it comes to gun massacres, the U.S. is an anomaly. The latter report was released in June 2016, and contains the most current information available.
Because we can't wait to ask Google Assistant to slap a Snapchat dog-ear lens on our faces so we can share the photo via Google Drive, which is presumably the primary use case. More info will be available through the Google Store soon. The Pixel Buds have the exact same battery life as the AirPods . The phones will come with a promo code for a free Google Home Mini .
The militant leader, who was the head of the Nusra Front before it merged with other groups to form Tahrir al-Sham, was badly hurt, the statement said. HTS, the dominant military and political force in Idlib, has rejected the agreement and has vowed to continue fighting the Syrian government and its allies in Idlib.
That means former Presidents Jimmy Carter , George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Barack Obama will all be in attendance. The concert will feature the country music band Alabama, along with Texas musicians Lyle Lovett, Robert Earl Keen and the Gatlin Brothers.
Gerrymandering is the distasteful practice where the ruling political party draws the boundaries such that it gives them an unfair and lopsided advantage during the elections. Liberal Justice Stephen Breyer said he was anxious that a ruling against the workers would imperil "the entire heart of the New Deal", laws and programs enacted in the 1930s under President Franklin Roosevelt to help workers during the Great Depression .
A man approached the front of the hall and handed May a P45 note, a letter handed when people's jobs are terminated. Theresa May's keynote conference speech has been interrupted by a protester who handed her a P45, usually handed to employees when they are sacked, as she addressed party members in Manchester.
They say all of their staff are safe and accounted for. A sheriff says he is responding to reports of an inmate disturbance at a maximum security prison in SC. There is also a fire in the facility, WIS reported. The McCormick Correctional Institution is located 78 miles west of Columbia, SC. . Housing at all Level 3 facilities consists of single and double cells, and all perimeters are double-fenced with extensive electronic surveillance.
However, he is no longer finding his Jack Daniel's flag quite so amusing. 'I was completely flabbergasted when I read it, ' he said. Admittedly there are some similarities between the ISIS flag and the Jack Daniel's logo - they do both have black backgrounds and white lettering - but except for the fact that drinking too much of the stuff can cause problems, there the resemblance pretty much ends.
Baristas told the paper they would wince when Paddock came in with Marilou Danley, because he regularly belittled and berated her in front of customers and staff. Federal officials did not immediately say where Danley went after arriving in Los Angeles. "But obviously that investigation will continue". She then moved to the U.S.
Other reports have suggested that al-Julani may have lost his hand. On September 20, the Russian Defense Ministry said it obtained data indicating that an offensive launched by Al Nusra terrorists and their allies seeking particularly to capture a unit of the Russian military police was orchestrated by the United States security services.
Police were searching for former Gold Coast resident Marilou Danley , 62, in the immediate aftermath of the attack, in which 59 people were killed and more than 500 wounded. "She didn't even know that she was going to the Philippines until Steve said 'Marilou I found you a cheap ticket to the Philippines '". Sherriff Lombardo also confirmed Ms Danley was a person of interest in the investigation.
Bitcoin - This is the best thing ever to happen - and for anyone else who does not work with Bitcoin, I'm advising you to get to know what it is.
Plus and the fact that the faucet generators allow you to claim with almost no time limit (5 mins / account / IP address).
or claim then when you want - it's important to visit once a day and increase your claim amounts up to 100% by using of the Daily Loyalty Bonus.
"On January 3rd, 2009, an anonymous computer programmer (or programmers) going by the name Satoshi Nakamoto mined the first block of t...
Bitcoin is a great investment! Digital currency Bitcoin becoming more and more pervasive currency. The trend shows that a growing number ...
the platform has been operating since 2013, there are over 1 300 000 registered users from all around the world. 5 years on the marke...
BUY AND SELL DIGITAL CURRENCY INVITE FRIENDS AND GET FREE BITCOIN Your card has been activated Wirex awarded FCA...
And why do you need to have the Bitcoin?? On January 3rd, 2009, an anonymous computer programmer (or programmers) going by the name Sato...
Dynojet Research Inc. is committed to providing the best customer service to all our clientele. In order to better assist the needs of new Dyno owners who have purchased a used or second hand Dynojet Research Inc. dynamometer, please activate a new account.
You must have an active account or establish one by following the steps listed above before you can purchase replacement parts or upgrades. New account terms are Credit Card.
6/7 9AM Sat Scott Brownlee & Nelson Cadieux [Carlson Sports from North Bay Ontario Canada] (1) F7 grass dragracer owned by Terry Waite I'm thinking that all "500 foot" F7 drag boxes may not be created equally--- I've seen too many that with correct fuel pressure could stand leaning out from restricter or Boondocker--this one had Boondocker and it needed huge negative numbers and a big offset key to make max HP at peak revs, and had an awful lean dip in midrange that we partially cured with big positive Boondocker numbers there... and (1) F1000 asphalt sled owned by Kevin Mossip typical boondocker tuneup, tweaked to max HP running for the time at WOT expected in the 1/4 mile...
6/12 9am Bill and Michael Phelps, SkiDoo Rev 860 twin for asphalt, need to find out why it doesn't run down the track as expected. all XP800 drag ECUs may not be created equally, either--found a huge dip in HP off the line caused by totally F'd up power valve control by the privateer "race" ECU, fixed it by fooling sensors, plugging hoses, etc...
3pm Tony Buczek, with our original F7 carbed sled on DTR, now big bore/ twin pipes, hoping for big HP. Will he need more than 7 degrees offset keyway with big bore? Greedy Tony wants this kept quiet but with Hooper Big Bore cylinders he's right up there with the other local semi-stock dragracers...
6/18 (Sean got the wrong large injectors, now have the correct ones) crack of noon Sean Ray with a Vrod turbo kit he designed with Garrett GT25 ball bearing turbo, tuning with Power Commander boost referenced unit to control fuel and timing. the Power Commander with boost compensation is superb for dialing in perfect fuel and timing on or off boost--Sean had larger Delphi injectors, and was able to dial in good part throttle fuel flow and correct on-boost fuel flow in a few hours on our SuperFlow eddy current roller dyno. Made 206 HP DJRWHP and just quit there...
6/18 our first SkiDoo 4tech 1200 intercooled turbo for preliminary fuel/ timing tuning, possibly cameras off. Greg Bennett and sons, VP import gas, possibly record HP for bone stock anything with boost....sled is off to Crankshop Larry for tube chassis replacement, a new cylinder head is on its way to be ported by an old pal Hyabusa/ Kaw turbo dragracer, cams coming, will be back to dyno late summer.
6/20 AM Dan Forte tuning mod Banshee on 901 dyno w/ driveshaft from trans to dyno the 901 shaft dyno we use for all sleds is so useful in that it uses mechanical measurement of airflow and mechanical measurement of airflow--instantaneous and tells us what's happening right now...Dan had bored his carbs and the first thing we saw was 16/1 A/F at WOT and that was corrected with carb venting, then jacked timing around and found the sweet spot adding 10 midrange HP and close to that on top end.
6/21 our second SkiDoo 4tech 1200 turbo from Full Power Justin Fuller. this was a Bell Ringer for Justin and the hotrodders who have 4teks on order, and for those who are now ordering them based upon these results, all posted on DTR..
.6/24 Eric Johncox with a flock of flatrack bike racers, inlcuding Jason DiSalvo's YZ480, heading for a big national race 6/30...the local bike flattrack racers are finally apreciating the necessity of dyno tuning for max HP, just like our sledders began to appreciate here 20 years ago...you see more and more flattrack bikes on the dyno now...
Dragon800 update...I'm sure my Dragon 800 dyno test reports on this website have caused a stir. Sno-checkers are expecting 154 HP as listed on Polaris' website (I wasn't aware that Polaris posted those numbers until recently). Now our preproduction Dragon 800 with preproduction ECU came in at lower-than-advertised HP, and the followup 09 Production ECU came in even lower. Now everyone observing this stuff must understand I would not ever post "substandard" numbers on any engine package without corroborating data (more than one or two samples). A base engine that was low on HP might have a crank out of phase, etc. But in this case I wasn't aware of Polaris' 154 HP claim on their website, but my 140ish HP was identical to what my friends at Xtreme Dyno and Polaris in Utah (6500ft) and CO have gotten on the 08 RMK800's they've sold and dyno tested http://www.xtreme-performance.com/custompa...results_polaris. And their follow up results of that simple stock pipe "mod" is identical to what we saw here at 1000 ft. Then, my contacts at Polaris assure me that the Dragon 800 production pipe will be identical to what our preproduction sled has (without the infamous "pipe mod" by BMP). So my opinion now is that if sea level Dragon 800 buyers expect 154 HP they will have to spend $200 to have BMP or others to modify the stock pipe, or buy an aftermarket single. I'm surmising that EPA issues with sound and / or emissions caused Polaris to have a less than stellar single pipe on their RMK and Dragon 800s. But this is similar to the Cat F1000 that was delivered to the consumer with a Ypipe a dozen HP down from what D&D and others came up with. The difference is Cat didn't advertise "good Ypipe" HP, so no one complained about paying D&D $200 for an extra 10-12 HP. But there seems to be some sort of uprising among Dragon 800 snow-checkers demanding 154 HP out-of-the-crate.
Obscure Problems and Gotchas: If you use Blogger with Google+ for comments you will lose the ability to review comments
This post has moved along with the rest of this blog to WordPress please go to this link here: http://obscureproblemsandgotchas.com/uncategorized/if-you-use-blogger-with-google-for/
Cone-beam Computed Tomography Compared with Intraoral Radiographic Lesions in Endodontic Outcome Studies: A Systematic Review November 6, 2018
Comments Off on Cone-beam Computed Tomography Compared with Intraoral Radiographic Lesions in Endodontic Outcome Studies: A Systematic Review
Research and Education Evaluation of the success rate of cone beam computed tomography in determining the location and direction of screw access holes in cement-retained implant-supported prostheses: An in vitro study August 17, 2018
Comments Off on Research and Education Evaluation of the success rate of cone beam computed tomography in determining the location and direction of screw access holes in cement-retained implant-supported prostheses: An in vitro study
Cone Beam Computed Tomography in Implant Dentistry Cone Beam Computed Tomography in Implant Dentistry June 16, 2018
Comments Off on Cone Beam Computed Tomography in Implant Dentistry Cone Beam Computed Tomography in Implant Dentistry
Accuracy of Cone-beam Computed Tomographic Image Interpretation by Endodontists and Endodontic Residents February 24, 2018
Comments Off on Accuracy of Cone-beam Computed Tomographic Image Interpretation by Endodontists and Endodontic Residents
Comprehensive three-dimensional cone beam computed tomography analysis of the temporomandibular joint in different vertical skeletal facial patterns February 16, 2017
Comments Off on Comprehensive three-dimensional cone beam computed tomography analysis of the temporomandibular joint in different vertical skeletal facial patterns
Analysis of the Root and Canal Morphologies in Maxillary First and Second Molars in a Chinese Population Using Cone-beam Computed Tomography December 13, 2016
Comments Off on Analysis of the Root and Canal Morphologies in Maxillary First and Second Molars in a Chinese Population Using Cone-beam Computed Tomography
Micro Computed Tomography Study of Filling Material Removal from Oval-shaped Canals by Using Rotary, Reciprocating, and Adaptive Motion Systems December 9, 2016
Comments Off on Micro Computed Tomography Study of Filling Material Removal from Oval-shaped Canals by Using Rotary, Reciprocating, and Adaptive Motion Systems
Evaluation of mandibular volume classified by vertical skeletal dimensions with cone-beam computed tomography. August 7, 2016
Comments Off on Evaluation of mandibular volume classified by vertical skeletal dimensions with cone-beam computed tomography.
Anatomical Study of the Posterior Mandible: Lateral Lingual Foramina in Cone Beam Computed Tomography July 18, 2016
Comparing 2 Cone Beam Computed Tomography Devices for the Transfer Accuracy of a Laboratory-Based Guided Surgery System In Vitro July 14, 2016
Comments Off on Comparing 2 Cone Beam Computed Tomography Devices for the Transfer Accuracy of a Laboratory-Based Guided Surgery System In Vitro
Comments Off on Cone beam computed tomography in orthodontics: Indications, insights, and innovations
Comparison and reproducibility of 2 regions of reference for maxillary regional registration with cone-beam computed tomography May 7, 2016
Comments Off on Comparison and reproducibility of 2 regions of reference for maxillary regional registration with cone-beam computed tomography
Diagnosis and management of mesiodens based on the investigation of its position using cone-beam computed tomography April 8, 2016
Comments Off on Diagnosis and management of mesiodens based on the investigation of its position using cone-beam computed tomography
The Detection of Simulated Periapical Lesions in Human Dry Mandibles with Cone Beam Computed Tomography ? A Dose Reduction Study October 22, 2015
Comments Off on The Detection of Simulated Periapical Lesions in Human Dry Mandibles with Cone Beam Computed Tomography ? A Dose Reduction Study
A cone beam computed tomography (CBCT) study of buccal plate thickness of the maxillary and mandibular posterior dentition September 15, 2015
Computed tomography morphometric analysis of the greater palatine canal: a study of 1,500 head CT scans and a systematic review of literature December 5, 2014
Comments Off on Computed tomography morphometric analysis of the greater palatine canal: a study of 1,500 head CT scans and a systematic review of literature
Artefact expression associated with several cone?beam computed tomographic machines when imaging root filled teeth October 14, 2014
Comments Off on Artefact expression associated with several cone?beam computed tomographic machines when imaging root filled teeth
In vitro assessment of artifacts induced by titanium, titanium–zirconium and zirconium dioxide implants in cone?beam computed tomography July 9, 2014
Comments Off on In vitro assessment of artifacts induced by titanium, titanium–zirconium and zirconium dioxide implants in cone?beam computed tomography
Cone beam computed tomography and other imaging techniques in the determination of periapical healing March 25, 2013
Use of cone?beam computed tomography to evaluate C?shaped root canal systems in mandibular second molars in a Turkish sub?population: A retrospective study March 16, 2013
AA biometric study of C?shaped root canal systems in mandibular second molars using cone?beam computed tomography March 1, 2012
The use of coneâ?beam computed tomography and virtual reality simulation for preâ?surgical practice in endodontic microsurgery February 4, 2012
The accuracy of ultrashort echo time MRI sequences for medical additive manufacturing. March 7, 2016
Comments Off on The accuracy of ultrashort echo time MRI sequences for medical additive manufacturing.
The Tennessee study: Factors affecting treatment outcome and healing time following non?surgical root canal treatment January 15, 2015
Comments Off on The Tennessee study: Factors affecting treatment outcome and healing time following non?surgical root canal treatment
A treatment for osteoporosis and bone cancer, employed for the first time in dental filling procedures October 24, 2014
Comments Off on A treatment for osteoporosis and bone cancer, employed for the first time in dental filling procedures
Comparison of the Time Required to Create Secondary Fracture of Separated File Fragments by Using Ultrasonic Vibration under Various Canal Conditions September 22, 2013
headboard with storage and lights king size headboard with storage and lights king size headboard with storage and lights king size king size headboard with storage and lights queen storage headboard.
queen headboard with shelves storage lights king and,king size headboard with storage and lights in designs regard queen,queen storage headboard with lights king bookcase twin and,king headboard with storage and lights queen,storage headboard with lights queen king and size,king headboard with storage and lights queen size bold design,king headboard with storage and lights queen,storage headboard with lights king and shelves queen,queen storage headboard with lights king and creative shelf headboards ideas rustic reclaimed,headboards with shelves and lights large size of on side queen storage headboard king.
worksheets free word family words phase 3 colour by phoneme real and nonsense workshts lesson 1 age sound grade with short oo work.
words with short oo sound worksheets word families,words with short oo sound worksheets phonics education, words with short oo sound worksheets find and write the long differentiated worksheet,short and long vowel sounds worksheets words with oo sound , words with short oo sound worksheets phase 3 long phoneme roll and read mat, short sound phonics long and word cards words worksheets with oo,words with short oo sound worksheets vowels or long u , words with short oo sound worksheets free phonics flashcards learning,words with short oo sound worksheets phonics bk ck lk ,vowels short or long u sound words with oo worksheets .
This is a placeholder page for Sheila Alsbrooks, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Sheila Alsbrooks.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Sheila Alsbrooks. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Sheila Alsbrooks. We created this page automatically in hopes Sheila Alsbrooks would find it. If you are not Sheila Alsbrooks, but are an alumni of Furman High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Furman High School	of Sumter, South Carolina
Each local access number has its local coverage area. The determination of which calls are local is based on the standard residential service for your area. You must contact your residential phone company to clarify the category of questionable calls and to verify the charges on all calls to local access numbers. eCallChina is NOT responsible for any toll charges you may incur while using the local access numbers.
1. you can Call from Mobile Phone (Cellular Phone) to our local access numbers, if you have a cellular phone plan with bulk or unlimited weekend and night long distance free minutes. Please check the page for the things you MUST KNOW for calling from your cell phone!
2. You can use our toll free numbers listed above to connect your call. Toll free numbers are usually nation-wide available, but some toll free numbers may not be called from Alaska and Hawaii while some toll free numbers even can be called from Canada.
phd thesis literature review structure popular college admission essay prompts doc engineer job resume spacecraft structural phd thesis monitoring and evaluation how to write a college admission essay question
Additionally, a 403 Forbidden error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request.
I truly love this capture. I'm an admirer of good black & white photos and this one is great.....I love the tightly built houses, the roof tiles piled on one roof, the spider web of electric lines above....and then the new car in the drive.....nice work Robert....
Thank you! I took the picture as demolition for apartments began in an old area of Seoul. The towers were half completed when I went back in May 2015.
Sometimes, in the frantic rhythm of our life, we just fall into bed, once again automatically set an alarm clock, already hating tomorrow’s difficult working day. And it is not surprising that at the same time we feel how we are moving away from each other.
At such moments I want to have some kind of bridge to quickly build it between us. Flint, spark and zilch! - again the flame of passion.
But this does not mean that I only want sex. Or rather, only in the sense that everyone sees him."Sex" does not automatically include sexual intercourse. This is one of the aspects that brings a couple together, and women will agree that not only physical pleasure is important to us, but also emotions during this process.Sex can calm, strengthen feelings, cause surprise and delight.
When I say that I want sex with you, I mean that I want to share with you an intimacy that no one else has the right to.
I want to keep a secret with you that, no matter how politely you and I behave in public, we both know that just 20 minutes ago we were naked, sweaty and screaming with pleasure.
I may want to know that you still consider me sexy as long as I go around the house in a dressing gown and with disheveled hair. You have already seen the whole truth about me, and although I know that you are not so petty, you yourself assure that you don’t care and you love me any, it’s still some kind of nudity, and I feel vulnerable.
When I want sex, I want more than physical contact. I want to see the gestures of your heart that you love me, whatever I am.
I long for confirmation that you want to stay with me, because, as we know from numerous articles on similar sites, love is a choice.
When I feel you body to body, skin to skin, I feel comfort and safety. The way you behave - quickly, gently, slowly - tells me that between us, at what stage we are. Do you give up the moment? Do you enjoy them?
Sex can be a lie detector - as if you dip your finger tips in the water to check her real temperature of passion.
You, as a man, may simply suffice the meaning of the words “I want to have sex with you,” because it is important for you to feel that you are a wanted man.But know that when you say the same to me, it means a lot more to me.
I am proud to have been featured on IHCAN Magazine and have been interviewed by Rebecca Smith. You might find interesting how I decided to become a practitioner or read the entire article: IHCAN Magazine April [...]
I'm now accepting bookings to see clients at London Natural Health Centre, 49 Theobalds Rd WC1X 8NW. Please send me an email to book an appointment.
When it comes to snacks (scratch that, when it comes to ANY kind of eating), it’s important to include some protein and, ideally, some fibre. Why? You need protein (and fibre) to keep your blood [...]
Want to know the secret to banishing wrinkles and having dewy, fresh looking skin forever? Wrinkles are, unfortunately, a natural part of the ageing process. As you get older and your skin gets thinner, drier [...]
The life force The concept of a life force is found in most of the ancient cultures of the world. In India, it is called prana; in China, chi; in Japan, ki; for Native Americans, the Great Spirit. For [...]
Although what you eat is important, how you eat deserves equal attention. Research shows chewing thoroughly and eating slowly helps prevent weight gain, improves digestion, and is less stressful on the body. You want to [...]
Sleep is so important to our health; here are some reasons to get enough sleep: Weight: Sleep deprivation can cause weight gain by changing how our body processes and stores carbohydrates and there is an [...]
Breakfast is the easiest meal to skip. Mornings are rushed and many people don’t have an appetite when they wake up. Some people even feel nausea in the morning, which suggests a possible blood sugar [...]
Copyright 2017-2018 |Evviva Nutrition All Rights Reserved | The information available on this website and on our social media channels is for information only. It does NOT replace medical diagnosis, advice or treatment from qualified healthcare professionals.
Warehouse is a complex engineering structure designed for stock management at different points of logistic network and implementation of specific functions of storage and transformation of material flow in general.
DS Construction Company offers high-quality warehousing services in the field of safe storage. Safe storage is an entire set of freight safety, cargo handling and escorting operations. Our warehouse is located in Lithuania, Vilnius, which is a favorable geographical location - airport, customs office located nearby; it is an excellent point of transport access. The city connects the EU countries with Belarus and other Eastern European countries. Location of the customs warehouse, convenient access, and high quality of the services makes our company an attractive partner.
At least three types of freight flows are handled in the warehouse; these are incoming, outbound and local freights. Incoming freights require unloading the vehicles, inspecting quantity and quality of the freight delivered, verifying shipping documents, etc. Outbound freights require loading the vehicles, preparing shipping and freight documents. Local freights require movement and cargo handling of inventory items within the warehouse and registration of warehouse documents.
stock concentration and storage ensuring continued production or procurement in case of limitations related to sources of resources and fluctuations in consumer demand;
consolidation of freights, which implies consolidation of freights to larger combined shipment to the consumers in the territory of the same sales area;
fragmentation of freights, which implies sorting cargo to smaller batches to be shipped to several customers;
range structure management implies product range accumulation and formation in expectation of consumer orders with subsequent sorting according to orders;
completing of freight shipment implies resorting of freights received from suppliers and their consolidation to shipments to be delivered to consumers
organizational and commercial entering into agreements with freight agencies, preparation and delivery of shipping documents, informing on crediting, lending of storage goods, realization of excessive tangible assets by means of redistribution or for sale on commission, etc.);
Acceptance of goods to the warehouse. Services include real time acceptance of products by means of hard document copies or radio terminals; inspection of data compliance and correction; application of barcodes; acceptance for safe storage; flexible identification.
Placement of goods to storage locations with consideration of necessary requirements. Warehouse operation implies atomated warehousing or warehousing under supervision of supervisory personnel; pre-warehousing preparation of unpacked products, etc.
Completing, packing, marking, goods packaging. Services include a set of operations for pre-transportation or pre-storage preparation of products.
Composition of accompanying documents. Composition of batch documents is your guarantee that you will safely avoid any problems during customs control.
Inventory and stock accounting. This operation allows structuring goods in a system database, organizing routine accounting of products in the warehouse and, what is important, making it as reliable as possible.
Local relocation. Bills of lading will be prepared in the course of service rendering. This would allow avoiding troubles with the regulatory authorities.
Shipment of goods. Areas of shipment don't allow the goods getting wet or dirty. Deratization and disinfection and control over cleaning of damaged and spilled goods are implemented in a mandatory manner.
Our warehousing services include all operations intended for keeping your freights safe and locating them in an efficient manner, for arranging all the necessary documents, and controlling any freight movements. We also manage the process of freight loading and shipment using any kind of transportation, we submit surveyor reports regarding condition and exact quantity of freight, and we inspect quality of packaging and in repack the goods or recover packaging, if necessary.
Storage facilities are equipped with the advanced security and fire-proof systems conforming to the EU standards. All the operations as well as the freights stored in the warehouse are insured.
Divorce isn't the end of your dating life you probably have a lot of wisdom when it comes to dating and this is a great way to find people on the same page you can see date divorced singles as your silver lining, you're one step closer to finding someone who shares the same outlook as you online divorced singles browsing divorced singles for dates has never been easier or safer. Join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site view gay singles in weidman i am a: man seeking a man woman seeking a woman woman seeking a man man seeking a woman. Singles divorced - if you are looking for girlfriend or boyfriend, register on this dating site and start chatting you will meet interesting people and find your love. While online dating has become one of the most popular ways to meet people, single moms and dads want to be careful when making their choice this is why our experts did some extensive research and chose the top dating sites for single parents. Divorced dating online is a dating site for people who are looking for love again we understand that it's hard to date again after a divorce for many reasons, so why not join a site for people in a similar situation.
Use this dating site and become dating expert, chat with beautiful people or find the person of your soul online dating can help you find relationship single and divorced - use this dating site and become dating expert, chat with beautiful people or find the person of your soul. Unique to other dating sites, on bumble, only women can make the first move pretty awesome if you’re looking for a relationship on a level playing field (and who isn’t) bumble which dating apps to try as a single parent dating again a few general guidelines: where you live each city has its own vibe on each dating site for single moms. #divorce is stressful, from divvying up the assets to determining custody arrangements and untangling previously tangled lives but sometimes the best way to live a stress-free life during and after divorce is to simply let go of things you can't control. Divorced and dating - chat and meet beautiful girls and handsome guys on our dating site we are leading online dating site for singles who are looking for relationship divorced and dating with over 20 million people using online dating to meet and connect with people, it quickly became the most popular way to communicate with others, the.
Just divorced singles is the place for divorced singles looking for divorced dating the divorced dating site for people who want dating for divorced singles. But, most importantly, divorced singles just need to keep their chins up there’s not much in the world more stressful than a divorce, but getting through to the other side will make you stronger in the long run to be divorced, dating and looking forward to the future again is a really good goal to keep in mind. The reason divorce lawyers counsel against dating while the divorce is pending, even if separated, is that it has the potential to increase both the cost and the stress of the divorce trial you are not supposed to date if you are married. Samantha has been divorced for only a year, but would like to start dating again even though her two boys are still in elementary school like jennifer, she needs some advice but is concerned about how she can make the transition into dating easy on her children john is separated from his wife. Divorcedpeoplemeetcom is an online dating site for divorced singles in search of friendship and romance they offer a simple format that allows you to focus more on dating and less on complicated technical issues.
In my view, finding the best dating site has much less to do with being a divorced woman than with avoiding overwhelm and considering factors other than marital history. You have to get out there, make yourself seen in weidman, michigan, and give it some effort so, put the protractor down, fill out your profile by clicking here, and let the probability distribution functions work themselves out sexy and single in weidman, michigan join the ultimate single's site and view thousands of singles' profiles. Divorced and dating - visit the most popular and simplest online dating site to flirt, chart, or date with interesting people online, sign up for free divorced and dating however, career and lack of opportunities to find dates offline is a problem for many people. Start using online dating site and find new relationship or new love divorced single no matter how people can be picky at the end, it's up to you to use free dating websites to the best of your ability to find your match.
166x2608 - ourtimecom is the premier online 50+ dating service singles are online now in our large and active community for dating ourtimecom is designed for 50+ dating, pen pals and to bring older singles together. Weidman's best free dating site 100% free online dating for weidman singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in weidman looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Divorced men and dating - meet singles people in your local area, visit our dating site for more information and register online for free right now divorced men and dating do not just study advice from people of exactly the same age, sex and location, much can be learned by reading the thoughts of the other sex and the elderly who have been. If you're looking for that special someone but just don't want the hassle of going on loads of dates then we want to welcome you to our online dating site you can browse through thousands of single members profiles until you find someone you like.
An online dating is free to join for dating and flirting with local singles single and divorced - register online and you will discover single men and women who are also looking for relationship an online dating is free to join for dating and flirting with local singles.
One of the largest online dating apps for divorced singles on facebook with over 25 million connected singles, firstmet makes it fun and easy for mature adults to meet divorced people meet single divorced adults like you - whether you are a single parent, divorced, separated, or have never been married.
Divorcee club is part of the online connections dating network, which includes many other general and divorced dating sites as a member of divorcee club, your profile will automatically be shown on related divorced dating sites or to related users in the online connections network at no additional charge.
Browse photo profiles & contact who are divorced, marital status on australia's #1 dating site rsvp free to browse & join. Single divorced women it makes a great place to meet people with similar interests and discuss with them comfortably from your home whether or not you want to examine the profiles and select your individual matches or want help from compatibility of websites, internet dating services can help you find what you are looking for. Divorced women dating is part of the online connections dating network, which includes many other general and divorced dating sites as a member of divorced women dating, your profile will automatically be shown on related divorced dating sites or to related users in the online connections network at no additional charge. Connecting with the right divorced christian singles can be challenging (and discouraging), however, rest assured that using an exciting dating service such as christiancafecom can be the easiest and quickest way for you to meet other divorcés for friendship, community, relationships, or just to chat about life's challenges.
Yes, and you can run it for as long as you want wherever you want without paying any extra residuals or fees, except for the cost of sending it to extra TV stations.
<< Can I send my commercial to more than one TV station? What if I want to make changes to the script you write for me? >>
A corporate promotional VHS tape from 1984 conceals a brain-altering signal which is said to grant increased health, longevity and psychic powers to those who watch it. View at your own risk.
Prisma screened at the Nightmares Film Festival. It has a successful response in the film festival circuit, winning two awards for Best Experimental Film and Mississippi Film.
Prisma centers a mysterious VHS tape that documents services from a military-grade corporation that specializes in an optic lens manufacturing, biotech interfacing, infectious memetic transmission, and cognitohazard weaponization. The video then switches to a mental test that the viewers subjected to. This known as the Arcanum Signal test. After successful completion of the test, the participant promised increased health, prolonged life, improved memory, and extrasensory perception. This VHS tape corrupted with subliminal messages and terrifying figures. It is a cinematic nightmare.
Prisma has a scary, but an invigorating concept. This short film is unlike anything I have seen. It plays like a VHS tape that first shows footage and services from a corporation that services technology and weaponry. It cuts to a mysterious mental test that focuses on memory, sensory, and relaxation. The testing participant and viewer subjected to various subliminal symbols and messages that scatter throughout the test. The scariest part of all; there are sinister figures that appear. This is enough to startle the viewer.
The special effects and computer editing for this film enhance the scare factor within the viewer. It makes you feel you are in the experience. Almost like virtual reality. It’s also hypnotic in the sense it pulls you in with the subliminal messages, the strange figures, and the soothing, dreamscape score that sends you into a brief trans. This puts the participant at ease while instilling fear by introducing a dark realm and presence.
Prisma, while terrifying, introduces a refreshing, innovative concept. It is a cinematic nightmare equipped with subliminal messages, hidden creatures, and soothing music. Director Coop Cooper makes a groundbreaking production.
Staff Correspondent at Decaymag.com. Independent movie blogger/reviewer, horror movie fanatic. Watches at least three horror movies per week. Loves dark, crude horror, slashers, and movies based on/inspired by real stories and events.
I saw this at the Horror Animation Fest in Milwaukee in April 2017 and it totally blew my mind. I’ve been talking about it ever since. I figure it’s still making the festival rounds, but, man, I can’t wait til I can get ahold of it.
A mother goes in search of her missing teenage daughter after her sudden disappearance. She is told that her daughter was last seen in the company of a girl in red, leading the mother to attempt to unravel the mystery behind the girl.
The Asian Horror market has recognizable roots for its supernatural influences. The factor for this perspective borrows close to the intense mythology of these countries. Certain themes often focus on an unsettled apparition seeking retribution for a wrongful act. Other versions rely on haunting situations for pure scare factor. Horror films are a long time staple and are as much a part of Asian culture as Anime.
The Tag Along 2 is the direct follow-up to the 2015 release The Tag Along and reunites Director Wei-Hao Cheng and Shih-Keng Chien. Released in Taiwan this tale draws on a young woman wearing a red gown serves as the antagonizing force. This is no surprise since girls as per its source material have an interpretation as the ghostly menace. This next conception of Horror has a scheduled February release via Cinedigm.
Based on 1998 home video footage that spawned an urban legend with never-before-seen viral activity, THE TAG-ALONG 2 continues the frightening mystery of “The Little Girl in Red” to critical praise and box office success.
THE TAG-ALONG 2 sees characters take a darker turn as they face their own ghostly obsessions, and battle demons that may or may not be of their own making.
As speculated The Tag Along 2 caters to the trademarks of Asian Horror films. Many Westerners would identify parallels with Jason Zada’s 2016 tribute to Asian influenced supernatural tales. In The Tag Along 2 eerieness has high strength factor. Yet, these visuals are nothing dramatic or unusual for seasoned viewers of this genre.
It is unclear if the viewer will need to look at the initial installment of what plays out to be a new franchise in Horror. The trailer does not look convincing but for enthusiasts for Asian Horror films such as myself, The Tag Along 2 is a film not to be missed.
Ken Artuz is Co-Owner of Meca Ex Studios LLC. Artuz is a New York City Based Photographer with proficiency in Photoshop. His digital artwork was featured in exhibitions SOHO, NYC, twice. Artuz is a graduate of The Institute of Audio Research where he earned his degree in Audio Engineering and Record Production. He also earned certification in Television Production and Field Recording at Lehman College. For Horror Artuz Favors French Extremism and Indie productions. He is a novelist, and screenwriter listens to EBM, Industrial & Witch house and is an avid MMA sports fan. Ken Artuz will create a media empire built on the DecayMag Brand.
Ten demerits for not leaving that horn alone, or for not at least attempting to prep it first and choose a wiser color.
Mini Me lamp to be exhibited in National Library in Belgrade during Belgrade Design Week 2012. From 6-10 June 2012.
Set the table for success this year by thinking about things differently. There’s no need to deny your taste buds. Instead, indulge yourself with a full week of stunning salads that will bowl you over with fresh flavors and satisfying ingredients.
This email is already subscribed. Please visit the Preference Center to update your profile or your newsletter preferences at any time.
Find Out Who Is The Best In Bed. While we don’t usually like to discriminate between the various nationalities that work for Young Asian Escorts, a new customer survey has judged our Oriental beauties on their sexual performance. You know what they say about the customer knows best.
Well according to a survey of 500 customers (Nov 2017-Feb 2o18) Korean girls are now on top of the sexual performance ratings.
Korean girls score higher than previous top cats Chinese and also higher than Japanese and Thai escorts.
Our customers rated girls on three criteria 1. enthusiasm 2. how vocal they are and 3. how submissive they are.
Last year, we added a new question “So who is best in bed?” and the results were close. Forty-three percent of customers voted for Chinese girls, 25% for Korean, 20% for Japanese and 12% for Thai girls.
Our latest survey, however, is much closer with Korean girls narrowly ahead with 33% of the vote, Chinese girls 27%, Japanese girls, 21% for Korean and 19% Thai girls.
The feedback we received, revealed Korean girls, while not as vocal as Japanese or Thai girls in bed, score higher on enthusiasm and submissiveness. Korean girls, like Chinese girls, are also generally polite, softly spoken and very attentive to their client’s needs. They are, however, very open minded and extremely enthusiastic. Japanese girls came a close second. Customers particular like the fact that Japanese girls and good at playing the little girl act, with exaggerated moans and groans, and things like that.
But don’t expect a Japanese girl to take the initiative in the seduction process or in the bedroom. The man is expected to lead, and you must guide the interaction with this in mind. Korean women are known for being some of the most beautiful Orientals out there with their doll-like features, small cute noses, slim petite figures and porcelain-like complexion, but they are perhaps the least vocal of the girls in bed but have better bodies and less body hair.
Thai girls are by far some of the sexiest and experienced companions, but, according to the survey, lack the enthusiasm of Chinese girls. Like anything else, a man’s taste in women will vary greatly from one to the other. We hope you enjoy all of our girls. You are most welcome to call us with your particular requirements and we will do our best to find you your ideal Asian escort in London.
I know about encoding and displaying special characters, but I have something really weird happening! I have one CMS which governs several related client sites and some of the content is shared across these sites. All the sites use the same template and all have the same page encoding. I'm currently building another site for the same client using the same template with a few minor CSS changes, but for some reason if I input a special character via the CMS, say "£" it displays as "Â£" on this new site, but "£" on any of the other sites. However, if I input the £ sign directly into the database, it displays correctly on the new site but displays as � on the other sites. Any idea what might be causing this?
I've double-checked everything and all charsets are fine - as I said, it's the same content from the same database on 8 different sites, all hosted on the same server, same page template, same page encoding but special characters don't display properly on just one of those sites. The top of all pages is as follows:
The pcms2_contents table default collation is utf8_bin and the ContentValue column is also utf8_bin.
There wasn't a charset declaration in the PowerCMSConnection.php file, however I added one as follows to see if it would make a difference but it hasn't:
Odd. If you give me FTP access and steps to reproduce I can look into it further. I'd have to actively debug at this point.
I'm going to need FTP access to all 3 sites to debug this. The working site, the broken site, and the cms site.
I thought that had fixed the problem, however it's thrown up a new set of issues that weren't there before! A lot of characters that were displaying correctly before are now displaying incorrectly on the live sites - example in PM below. Seems to be mostly apostrophes and dashes that are wrong.
There is really no way to fix the problem without breaking it in some places that were encoded improperly in the first place.
At this point you will have to find and fix those pages improperly encoded in the past. The issue will be fixed moving forward I believe, and you can re-enter the improperly encoded characters now and they won't be an issue anymore.
I think now the character will show the same when entered through the CMS, through phpMyAdmin, and when displayed on either site. Until this update they would always be broken in one place or the other, but unfortunately any special characters entered in the past will still be incorrect in one or more location until re-entered now that the problem is fixed.
Your friends over here at WebAssist! These Dreamweaver extensions will assist you in building unlimited, custom websites.
На вашем балансе Я.Директ осталось средств менее чем на 5 дней. С целью избежания остановки рекламной кампании предлагаем вам пополнить счет.
But the truth is, our website is only made possible by displaying advertisements to our visitors, ads keep the site running and free. Please consider supporting us by disabling your ad blocker for our website.
Chelsea FC versus West Ham UnitedIn-form Chelsea welcome fellow high-flyers West Ham United to Stamford Bridge, in this weekend's early kick-off.
Hernan Crespo celebrates scoring the second Chelsea goal in their 4-1 win over West Ham in April 2006Following West Ham's hard-earned draw with Tottenham, the Hammers are in formidable form, having won and drawn three each of their last half-dozen matches. Chelsea themselves are slightly better off in the same period, with four wins and a couple of draws.Whilst West Ham have struggled for league consistency, a 5-0 thrashing of Derby County prior to the international break and progress to the last eight of the Carling Cup has earned many accolades for Alan Curbishley's side, who were dealt a double by Chelsea last season. The then-Champions defeated West Ham 1-0 at Stamford Bridge courtesy of a Geremi free-kick, and thrashed the Hammers in their own back yard 1-4, with Shaun Wright-Phillips, Salomon Kalou and Didier Drogba scoring the goals. You can read the match report to arguably Chelsea's finest performance of the 06/07 campaign by clicking this link.With the three afore-mentioned players in hot form - Kalou and Wright-Phillips scoring in Chelsea's last Premier League match - West Ham are likely to feature a defence-minded formation at Stamford Bridge. Both teams have been watertight in defence, having conceded just 9 (Chelsea) and 11 (West Ham) in their league matches this season. Yet both teams have found goals hard to come by, with 40 goals scored between the two teams in a 21:19 ratio in favour of Chelsea.Will Frank Lampard see off his former team? Will West Ham's Robert Green spoil the party by continuing his astonishing form in goal? Or will Salomon Kalou and company ensure that the Hammers return to Upton Park hammered? Discuss here!
I'd be happy with a 2-0 win, and I think that seems most likely. We have a lot of things going for us at the moment, and if we get a win in Rosenborg our confidence will be sky high. We're at Stamford Bridge, with the possibility of going 70 league matches unbeaten there, and 49 matches in all competitions at home without defeat. And we have a very good recent record against them, with five wins in five matches over the last three seasons. I fully expect a win, and I'm sure we'll get one. However, the Hammers might think Christmas has come early if they go home with just a 1-0 loss, and I fully expect them to come and defend, and try and hit us on the counter. They do have one advantage, however. We'll be playing on Wednesday night, and won't get back to England until Thursday morning, meaning we only have Thursday afternoon and Friday to train for this match. Hopefully, Grant will rotate the squad and field a weaker team in Norway, ie. play Sidwell to give Mikel a rest.
you guys are dead right we are gonna hammer the hammers...! after crushing Rosenborg 4-0, i'm pretty sure the confidence level are "flying high up in the sky" come on, chels!!!
I would love to stuff the cockney f**kers and i hope we do, they are pretty vulnerable and we need to keep the pressure on them to stop them breaking on us. The games against them are usually either excellant value (i.e we stuff them) or they are cagey affairs...
I'd like to see a 4-4-2 employed, with Joe Cole, Lampard, Mikel, Wright-Phillips in midfield, with Drogba and Kalou leading the line.
I hope we can do a lot better then the 1-0 last season though that free kick...so good!2-0 and Joey and Lamps to score just because lol.
any win is good for me, but i would love to see the same scoreline the last time we played them. Go SWP!!!
It should be a good game though, missing Essien from this game is a blow, but it will give Sidwell a chance to show us what he can do as Maka will be rested now for the Arsenal game i would have thought.
Drogba to continue his recent goal a game ratio. Like someone said, will be a walk in the park or a very close affair. hopefully our 70th? home unbeaten.
I dont think sidwell will play, i think we will play 4-4-2 obi and lampard with joe cole and swp out wide salou to partner drogbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.
I can't find my Proofs If you didn’t find your photos in "Lost and Found", please provide the following information, and we will attempt to locate your photo(s): distance from this event, gender, description of what you where wearing, approximate finish time, and any other information that may help (not applicable to Bay to Breakers).
Reproduction In Whole or In Part, Is Strictly Forbidden. All Internet scanned images remain the property of Sport Photo, Inc. and are protected under the United States Copyright laws.
If Beale Street Could Talk If Beale Street Could Talk (2018) Drama, LiebesfilmDirector Barry Jenkins' ambitious follow-up to Moonlight adapts James Baldwin's poignant novel about a woman fighting to free her falsely accused husband from prison before the birth of their child.
A group of new Limited Edition ( Halloween Decorations ) just Arrive in the Farmville Market tonight.
( Swamp Monster, Haunted Fountain, Haunted Rock, Pumpkin Scarecrow, and Broken Fence ) are the new cool additions. All these Decorations are available for you to purchase within the next 13 days. Don’t miss them!
Hey, remember that you purchase these ( Decorations ) via Farmville Cash..Buddies if you still need some help, feel free to comment here!
Happy Lucky 88 Manufactory's revolutionary plywood sponsorship initiative. Their motto "difficult working for the bicycler over the world". Exclusive to Cycling Cosmonaut this amazing product will make you the envy of the peleton. Order yours today!
This stunningly evocative memorial to the Fallen Cosmonaut Cowboy is just one of the many interactive features at the new fully appointed Western Cosmodrome
We've posted the 2003 schedule. Go to the schedule page to make your plans for this season. Stay tuned for announcements!
WHO WAS MAJOR TAYLOR? Marshall W. "Major" Taylor (1878-1932) of Worcester was the world's first black sports superstar. Known as "the Worcester Whirlwind" and "the colored cyclone," he was world cycling champion in 1899, American sprint champion in 1900, and broke numerous track cycling records. He was the second black world champion in any sport (after bantamweight boxer George Dixon in 1891). He had to fight Jim Crow prejudice just to get on the starting line, and he faced closed doors and open hostility with dignity. The Major Taylor Association is dedicated to honoring his athletic achievements and strength of character -- sportsmanship, devotion to God, caring for those less fortunate, and personal struggle for equality.
1) We'll add the Sunapee Bike Race back onto the schedule for September. The promoter is trying to reschedule for September 7th after yesterday's Snow cancellation. Hard to believe it was snow that kept us from racing on May 18th.
2) Clif Bar has sent some product for you all to try, so you'll be seeing Clif Bar primes and giveaways at Series races. Thanks to Kerry VanVoris at Clif Bar for the product support!
4) Next up on the Series Calendar is the Hartford Criterium May 26th. There is still time to pre-register at http://www.bikereg.com/races/register.asp?EventID=315 This is a fun course, almost flat, and great for spectators!
5) Due to the Cancellation of the June 8th NYC Women's Challenge race for this year, we get a little break in the Series schedule after Hartford. The next Series race after Hartford is the Syracuse Criterium. This will also be a chance to gain bonus points in the Vintage 35+ series by doing two races. If you're 35+, show up early to do the 10am Masters 35+ race, then do your regular women's race at 2:15. You get Series points for both races.
6) Our June 1-2 Women's Weekend Cycling Clinic is just about full. But we can fit two more people if anyone is still interested in attending. More information is available at http://www.bikereg.com/races/register.asp?EventID=357
7) Women's Oriented Rides during the week: We'll post them at the Series Web Site http://cyclingmadereal.tripod.com/newenglandcat3cat4andmastersseries/id9.html
Nashua, New Hampshire Women's Ride. Monday Nights. Meet at 6pm at Exit 6 across from the State Liquor Store. Easy, conversational pace for a Monday night spin. Guys are welcome too, just keep in mind it's an easy pace. Ride about 90 minutes.
8) We'd like to get a weekly (or monthly) women's ride going from The Cycle Loft. Is there anyone who lives in the Burlington, MA area interested in leading a women's ride for either fun or fitness? Contact me at moriartygerri@cs.com.
"The Wells Ave. Training Series has a long tradition of helping new racers get started in the sport, as well as helping experienced racers get started for the season. The races are criterium format around a flat, smooth 0.8 mile circuit. The finishing straight is long and wide allowing safe, fast, exciting sprints. "
The Wells Ave Training Series in Newton, Massachusetts runs every Sunday from March 3 to September 29th, and women are welcome every week! But if we can get women to target specific weeks - they are willing to put on a separate women's field during the "B" race at 10:15 when enough women show up.
To entice you to come out for the Women's Training races, we'll provide FREE post-race coaching from experienced women who will race in the pack and talk to everyone after the race. It's just a training race, so you can even ask questions during the race! And if you've never tried it and are worried about the pace, don't fret, it's just a training race, so hop in for as long as you can and pull out to rest if you need to. This training series is for training - so come practice and don't worry about results. To make it fun The Cycle Loft will throw in a few product primes, and will privide a mechanic for the sidelines.
These dates will not conflict with The Cycle Loft NE Women's Race Series. The Series schedule is being finalized and will be published soon. (But for your planning purposes, the Series will start with the Adelphia Grand Prix on April 21, the Palmer Library Road Race on April 27, and the Monson Road Race on April 28.)
In total there are 0 users online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 0 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
Guests are subject to work commitments and may cancel at any time. Guests are charging for autographs. Photographs of the guests will be available. Not all guests are appearing on all days.
Film & Comic Con Newcastle is organised by Showmasters | © Showmasters 2015 - 2017 | Website designed and coded by Team Epic
Contact Us | WebPagetest | Return to Top | Return to Content | Lite (Archive) Mode | RSS Syndication
There are a lot of reasons to love Young Asian Escorts London. Since launching in 2002 (as Oriental London Girls), we have quickly grown into a trusted provider of Oriental girl companions for professional men working in or visiting London. And we are proud of this, because the Asian escort business is often criticised for poor standards, particularly in terms of ‘trading standards.’ e.g. advertising girls on websites who rarely bear a passing resemblance to the actual working girls. Make no mistake, finding genuine, quality escorts in London is a challenge, both from a client perspective and also from an agency perspective.
We work very hard to find and hire quality Asian escorts and we work equally hard to retain talent. We currently have more than 50 girls on our books and, at any one time, have between 12 and 30 escorts available for booking in Central London. We believe this makes us the largest provider of Asian escorts in the UK, although quality is more important to us than quality. We recruit the majority of our girls from China, Japan and Korea, but often have escorts from South East Asian, including Indonesia, Singapore and Thailand. Our criteria for potential recruitment is simple – all girls must be over the age of 18, have a valid passport and work visa and either be studying or working in London. Our criteria for actually hiring girls to work as Young Asian Escorts is more stringent – to work for us, a girl must be balanced, healthy, emotionally intelligent and physically attractive, but above all honest and trustworthy.
We recruit by word-of-mouth i.e. most of the girls get to know about us through existing escorts – they are friends, fellow students and work colleagues. All of the girls who work for us do so of there own free will and most consider their work a vocation rather than a job, although many of the girls pursue a career as an escort for the money, either because they need extra income to fund their education or professional qualifications or because they enjoy a high standard of living. Young Asian Escorts love their work and we love our clients. We have been awarded a Red Star by Oriental Girlfriend, which means we have a customer satisfaction rating of over 80%. Mutual respect and trust go hand in hand with mutual fun and healthy adult relationships, which is why the Asian Escort scene in London is thriving and we are only too happy to be part of it. Best wishes Sophia Sabrina.
From the moment of adulthood and throughout life, a man needs a woman’s loving care, passion and companionship. At Young Asian Escorts, we know that providing an escort service is both an art and a science. For over a decade, we’ve dedicated ourselves to understanding clients and the special service they require. We use that knowledge to provide men with beautiful, friendly, professional and trusted escorts. That’s why professional businessmen around the world have trusted Young Asian Escorts to look after their emotional and physical needs when they are in London. It’s a responsibility we take seriously as we continue to work hard to bring you the very best in Oriental girlfriend experiences. Our commitment to safety, respect, care, professionalism and value for money guides all that we do. This commitment is the starting point for all our services to ensure that our escorts continue to achieve the highest of the Young Asian Escorts standards.
Within the timeshare industry there are many jobs for the conscientious and people-centric: the role of an OPC (Off Premises Contact/Outside Public Contact Officer), a salesroom attendant, a marketing team member, and of course that of a VLO. The role of a Verification Loan Officer is perhaps one of the most important within the business as a VLO spends time with clients almost every day. This article is intended to provide some insight into the role of VLOs at the Villa Group timeshare division. read more
The benefits that accrue from the practice of rotation are well illustrated in the results obtained from the investigations at Rothamsted into the simple four-course system, which may fairly be regarded as a self-supporting system.
Additionally, if a school fails to make suitable progress, the law allows parents to transfer their children to higher-performing local schools, request free tutoring, or enroll the children in special academic after-school programs.
Getting an All My Children recap can help catch you up on any episodes of your favorite soap opera you may have missed, or can serve as a great tutoring session for former viewers that are hoping to jump back in on the action.
Providing editing and tutoring services: Some freelance writers find that they enjoy teaching students how to improve their writing by providing editing services and constructive feedback on research papers and other projects.
If your child is looking for homework help, check out Free Online Tutoring: Scholastic Interview on LoveToKnow Save to learn more about how Scholastic's Homework Hub can put him on the path to academic success.
In addition to housing and other recreational services, Iowa Central provides students free online and offline tutoring, academic and career counseling, as well as transfer assistance to a four-year school.
Despite the fact that the alleged mummified remains of ‘an unknown species’ discovered in Peru have been dismissed by mainstream scientists as a hoax, a number of researchers believe that the ‘three-fingered’ mummies with elongated skulls, found in Peru in 2017 are real alien remains.
The Russian scientist claims to have performed DNA tests on one of the mummies, providing evidence they are not human.
However, Professor Korotkov is known for extraordinary claims. The researcher was widely criticized after claiming to have invented a device that has the capability to ‘photograph’ the human soil in 2008.
One of the alleged mummies from Peru, called Maria, was found by a group of experts led by one of the most famous Ufologists and paranormal authors of America, Jaime Maussan.
According to preliminary tests, Maria, the Peruvian mummy discovered in a tomb near the Nazca Lines lived during the fifth century AD.
Poting towards the strange shape of the skulls, as well as elongated fingers, researchers were convinced they had found a species unlike any other on Earth.
Interestingly, back in 2017 when Jaime Maussan and his team discovered the weird mummies, Dr. Korotkov of Saint-Petersburg University said that the features were not a deformity and that the discovery was actually ‘another creature, another humanoid.’
Nearly a year later, Dr. Korotkov says he has performed genetic tests on a set of tissue samples from the mummies, reports Russian News Agency Sputnik.
Genetic tests have shown that Maria “is a humanoid being, meaning that she also has 23 chromosomes like us.”
“Right now, we are making a detailed analysis to see if the shape of the position of all the chromosomes, of all the amino acids, coincides with ours,” Russian National Research University professor Konstantin Korotkov, said in an interview with Sputnik.
However, experts note that the rib structure of the Peruvian mummy greatly differs from that of an ordinary human.
“We clearly see the contours of the trachea and the bronchi, of the heart and its chambers; we can even see the shape of the valves. We can also see quite clearly the contours of the diaphragm, the liver, and the spleen,” radiologist Natalia Zaloznaya said.
Researchers have also found what the mysterious ‘white’ substance covering the mummies was. According to reports, the ‘alien mummies’ were covered with cadmium chloride – a chemical whose antibacterial effect has kept Maria and the other mummies so well preserved.
As noted by Dr. Korotkov, “Each of the little mummies has two arms, two legs, a head, a pair of eyes and a mouth. Tomographic scans reveal their skeletons. The tissue has biological nature and their chemical composition indicates that they are humans. Their DNA features 23 pairs of chromosomes, just like we have. All the four of them are males, each with a Y-chromosome. They appear human but they are not. Their anatomic structure is different.”
During Dr. Korotkov’s visit to Peru, the Russian researcher was shown four more mummies, 70 centimeters each.
Dr. Korotkov says that the mystery 70CM mummies all have three fingers and an extremely elongated skull. The mummies have another mysterious characteristic according to Korotkov; their Nasal cavity is missing, and their superciliary arches are not pronounced.
“Most surprisingly, the mouth cavities are there but the lower jaws are not flexible and present a single whole with the rest of the skull, said Kortovov speaking to Sputnik.
“They could be extraterrestrials or bio-robots,” he added. “As for the 70cm creatures I’m not sure, but Maria and Vavita could have been representatives of a certain race which had possibly reached a stage of advancement much earlier than we did. Maybe thousands of years earlier.”
“By the way, three-fingered creatures can be seen on petroglyphic drawings found in Peru,” Korotkov noted.
Ivan has been part of the team at Universe Explorers since February 2015.He is a freelance writer, editor-in-chief of ancient-code.com He also writes for Svemir Online and Ancient Origins.History, Archaeology, Space and world’s mysteries are some of the topics he writes about.You can follow Ivan on Facebook"
Most martial arts instructors in the area are unaware of what “Weapon Arts” means or what depth and breadth of such arts is possible.
Quality Traditional Weapon Arts are, as a rule, severely lacking in the Twin Cities (Minneapolis/St. Paul) area, except for several Japanese Sword arts and a few others weapons that are taught as higher-level training in a number of traditional empty-hand styles. These higher-level arts are not usually even shown to those outside of the particular traditional art. This shortage in the Twin Cities is similar in most of the US. It is no wonder, then, that even most martial arts instructors in the area are unaware of what “Weapon Arts” means or what depth and breadth of such arts is possible.
unaware of the poor quality of their own and their instructors' skills. The blind are often judging the blind, as it were.
Most martial arts dojos in the Twin Cities area that offer weapon instruction fall into one of two categories: They are either traditional dojos whose style offers traditional weapons training as part of their style, or they are a competition (or business) -oriented school. This second type of school usually offers weapons as an additional means to make money and an additional opportunity to compete. The weapons skills taught at these schools are generally poor but flashy. Since students in these types of schools are often taught to think of “winning” competitions as defining “quality,” they are often unaware of the poor quality of their own and their instructors’ skills. The blind are often judging the blind, as it were.
While the weapon skills taught as part of traditional styles, on the other hand, are usually of good quality, they are often times limited in diversity of weapons and/or amount of content. They also often require the student to be at a high level of the associated empty-hand art to understand or be allowed to participate in the weapons instruction.
The Weapon Arts program at Budo consists of high quality, practical, self-defense-oriented training in a variety of separate, but often related, traditional Weapon Arts—That is, how to use a staff, stick, sword, knife, spear, etc., to decisively stop an attacker. They are designed to be taught separately and do not require any particular empty-hand knowledge, (though one's skills in both areas are enhanced when one studies both concurrently). The arts in the program originate from a variety of traditional styles and students can direct their own path, but the core foundation of the program is a formalized elite Okinawan weapons style known as Matayoshi Kobudo, which contains 14+ weapons itself.
In addition to training individuals who are interested in learning real quality Weapon Arts, part of the aim of the Budo Weapon Arts Program is to raise the awareness of what quality Weapon Arts are and to propagate the teaching of these arts so that the quality of weapons training in general is increased.
Part of the aim of the Budo Weapon Arts Program is to raise the awareness of what quality Weapon Arts are.
Therefore, those wishing to lean to teach are also encouraged to participate in the program. It should be noted, however, that the standards of quality for those ultimately authorized to teach are quite high. You actually have to be a proficient practitioner before being taught how to teach. It is also recognized that doing and teaching are different skills. Those interested in teaching should ask for details.
*Important: To email a faculty member you must type lastname.firstinitial@deerparkschools.org. For those staff members whose email follows a different convention, please click on the envelope icon.
Archives Select Month May 2018 March 2018 February 2018 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 March 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009
This website may contain copyrighted material. Such material is made available for educational purposes only.
This constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in Title 17 U.S.C. section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Law.
Sometimes I get an idea that won't leave me alone. The elsblog is where I put my ideas and hopefully share them with the world.
I enjoy working with modern frameworks like Twitter Bootstrap and AngularJS and tools like WordPress and Joomla.
I’m developing an autonomous robotic platform with sensors, but don’t worry – no weapons. I’ve seen too many movies.
Elsbernd.com started as hand-written HTML, and as my knowledge grew and I looked into content management systems, it moved to Joomla. This was a good fit and I used Joomla for years. After a while, though, a few things bothered me about the platform. Each time there was a major upgrade, I had to migrate things by hand. There were few options for automatically updating the site to the latest version, and a lot of my extenstions and templates broke between the versions, so I had to either sit on obsolete technology or spend a weekend upgrading my site and finding replacements for the parts that no longer worked.
I moved to WordPress in 2014, and thought I had the world by the tail. It was an incredibly powerful and popular platform and I was learning a lot of things about their template system. The upgrade paths were good and they had a lot of extensions available. Unfortunately, being the most popular platform makes you the largest target for malicious actors. I was hacked twice in the past two years, with my traffic being redirected and my site being blacklisted from Google and Bing.
After the second hack, I decided to come back to the familiar turf of Joomla, while upgrading to the latest version, including things like two factor authentication. I have a nifty new responsive design and was able to preserve the Elsblog archives.
I think if I had more time and were more interested in the back end of security and databases, I could have made things work in WordPress, but I now prefer the comfort of a secure, familiar and powerful platform, even if it isn't the largest one out there.
Apr 16 16:23:35 gerard-desktop smartd[820]: Configuration file /etc/smartd.conf was parsed, found DEVICESCAN, scanning devices
Apr 16 16:38:56 gerard-desktop smartd[895]: Configuration file /etc/smartd.conf was parsed, found DEVICESCAN, scanning devices
Apr 16 17:09:32 gerard-desktop smartd[627]: Configuration file /etc/smartd.conf was parsed, found DEVICESCAN, scanning devices
We have released a new version that provides for multi-language support however there are a number of translation mistakes that have been caught in French. We feel terrible about this as we were responding to our leaders in requesting Heroes Charge in their native language. Thank you for the feedback from all our leaders around the world.
We’re glad to see there’s so many enthusiastic players who are willing to improve the huge task of translating and we really appreciate your help. It reminds us that we’re all walking together as we enjoy Heroes Charge and make a game we all truly love.
Please express your ideas and improve our translations in this thread. For those leaders who desire to help in translating, we’ll think of an interesting reward to show our sincere thanks. thank you for your assistance and feedback!
I was glad to see a French version of Heroes Charge and would be more than happy to help you with some translations. A quick resume on my French/English abilities: French is my mother tongue and I have been studying in the U.S. for 6 months and working in the U.K. for 2 years - no bragging intended, just so you know I'm not Google-translating everything!
I'll give it a try and be as detailed as possible by going menu by menu. In front of every corrections I've put a (m) for minor changes, when the sentence or word is actually correct but sounds inaccurate or if I see some text alignment issues and a (M) for major changes, when sentences are either still in English or incorrect in French.
(m) When clicking on a player to whisper, window suggests to "discuter" when the tab name is "murmurer" => perhaps change button to "murmurer" also.
(m) The title for guild leader "hôte" is a bit weird => "maître de guilde" might be better but not sure if there is enough space
(m) It says "Force:" for the power level of the team, but you titled it "Puissance" on the previous window. You'd better stick with one of them?
Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you! Local coupons and freebies. Free nude couple pics. You might also like. The naked monkey. Melissa October 31, Morris said that Homo sapiens not only have the largest brains of all higher primates, but that sexual selection in human evolution has caused humans to have the highest ratio of penis size to body mass.
Retrieved 30 September Meet the new girl, Mariah! Log in to leave a tip here. What you can read next Guys…This One is for You! For the rock band, see Naked Ape band. Beyond their scripts being loosely based on his book, Morris was not involved in either movie in any way.
We now offer online booking! And be sure to follow our girls on Instragram as well TheNakedMonkey. August 16, at 1: The Naked Monkey has been voted Indy's 1 waxing Spa for the last 5 years!
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Kayla is the best and the fastest! You can find them in three locations around the Indy area: Desmond Morris, the author, who had been the curator of mammals at London Zoosaid his book was intended to popularise and demystify science. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.
CS1 Italian-language sources it. Walking on the beach naked. Great cause, great girls, and lots of fun! Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. Plus she's funny as hell! The Naked Monkey Logan St. The Naked Apewhich was serialised in the Daily Mirror newspaper and has been translated into 23 languages, depicts human behaviour as largely evolved to meet the challenges of prehistoric life as a hunter see nature versus nurture.
Is this your business? The New Science of Evolutionary Psychology. Phat ass milf tumblr. Log in to leave a tip here. The naked monkey. Views Read Edit View history. August 16, at 1: Notify me of new posts by email.
Join them this year on Sunday, September 25th as they try to set the record for the most legs waxed by a team of 10 in an hour! What you can read next Guys…This One is for You! You should go here. We Love The Naked Monkey! Morris framed many features of human behaviour in the context of evolution at a time when cultural explanations were more orthodox.
Melissa October 31, Kayla is the best and the fastest! The Naked Monkey Indiana Ave. Desmond Morris, the author, who had been the curator of mammals at London Zoosaid his book was intended to popularise and demystify science. Thanks for the great blog post!! Click here or download the MindBody app and search for Air-Tan.
We now offer online booking! This October, they will be celebrating their TEN year anniversary! Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. To sign up for this event, please visit www. For the rock band, see Naked Ape band. Black pussy eating xxx. Supreme Court case in Broad Ripple- Fishers- Downtown- We now offer online booking! This article is about the book. Log In Sign Up. They are super sweet, fun, down-to-earth, and they definitely know everything there is to know about waxing!
Miley Cyrus put her back into her Met Gala dress. Megan decorates and Nick contributes furniture of his own construction. Board games lead to lesbian sex for Macy Cartel and Emily Addison strips of her lingerie outdoors.
I found a shop space in Red Hook and built a canoe. She gave me a stern talking to about how yes, there might be 'some interest' in me but she wasn't about to 'get involved' with somebody she was doing a play with. Maggie Grace looks tight in a black leather miniskirt at Wind River premiere.
(M) TRIAL MENU => I think you meant to write "Épreuves" and not "preuves". Writing "é" in capital without any accent (E) is actually encouraged in French and that's good news because it looks like "É"s are not supported by your software!
(M) Top menu for normal and elite mode: "lite" => "Elite" (don't try to force capital "é" and stick with "E").
The main part of the PR formula is your vote. For DJ Korolёva to get your vote, click on the arrow near the number.
You can note that you are a fan by clicking on a star — in this case DJ Korolёva receive a bóigger PR.
Additionally, you can also add them to friends and observe in the section Wazzup every action of DJ Korolёva.
Favorite styles: Big Room House, Breaks, Club House, Deep House, Dubstep, Dutch House, Electro, Electro House, Electro Progressive, Funky House, Hip-hop/Rap, Minimal Techno, Progressive House, Tech House, Techno, Trap
This diagram shows how three svc subs get wired in series in your case on the diagram captions change the 2s to 4s and the 6 to a 12
Each dinner dating party meets at 8 pm and takes on a life of its own – filled with friendly conversation, delicious food, and the chance to expand your circle of friends. Our very successful dating service is open to single professionals looking for dating opportunities in Atlanta.
So in that respect, there’s a bigger pool to choose from.”At Kelch’s speed dating event at Bob’s, participants were seated two to a table. Despite any lingering doubts or nervousness, the daters’ personalities quickly shined through.
is the world's largest Speed Dating service for single professionals with monthly events in over 70 cities in the US and Canada.
If you are so successful and busy that you don't have time to meet new people, don't like to date clients or co-workers and are not interested in the bar scene then try Pre-Dating speed dating events! Pre-Dating is a fun, safe and efficient way for busy single professionals to meet in person. November 13: Tucson, AZ November 13: Jacksonville/St.
Our services are custom designed for your needs and desires.Kelch reviewed the rules - dates last five minutes, don’t share personal information such as home address and phone number, etc. There was the spitfire, energetically chattering away with her often-overwhelmed male companions; the smooth-talking Texan, his honeyed voice enthralling female after female; and the warm, charming gent, healthy and hale, with a full head of hair telling impressive stories of building his own airplane and boat.“Watch,” whispered one observer, referring to this apparent catch of the day.“When he gets to their table, the women sit up straight, they smile, they get more energy.“When you’re older, however, you don’t meet new people as regularly or as easily.And those you do meet are likely to be already paired off.”Demographics also play a role.
Kelch reviewed the rules - dates last five minutes, don’t share personal information such as home address and phone number, etc. There was the spitfire, energetically chattering away with her often-overwhelmed male companions; the smooth-talking Texan, his honeyed voice enthralling female after female; and the warm, charming gent, healthy and hale, with a full head of hair telling impressive stories of building his own airplane and boat.“Watch,” whispered one observer, referring to this apparent catch of the day.
This imbalance played out when Irene Scharf recently tried to organize a speed dating event at the Igo library in May.“We had many more women than men signed up,” she said.
But already before the final separation *mori-kwendi may have referred to the glooms and the clouds dimming the sun [pogrubienie - M.L.] and the stars during the War of the Valar and Melkor, so that the term from the beginning had a tinge of scorn, implying that such folk were not averse to the shadows of Melkor upon Middle-earth.
England confirmed their place at Euro 2016 after a routine dismissal of San Marino - but captain Wayne Rooney must wait to eclipse Sir Bobby Charlton's all-time goals tally.
I'm not sure how easy/hard it would be, and what the default timed DQ should be, but what do y'all think?
My logic is that having to lift ur body part off the ground, will at some point negate your ability to generate upwards momentum and eventually you'll dq? However, I think with 1TF abilities, you can go on forever? In my mind, I can see someone just raising/lowering shoulders over and over to barely lift feet up...
You could make it so one can only space in terms of 10 tf but then its just too complicated. Hopefully, this post inspires someone else to think of a better way
It would be difficult because anyone attempting will have to edit the uke out so the replay doesn't end with uke dq'ing.
Could make a dojo. Record begins when you first touch outside the ring. once you touch outside you may not touch back inside. It also gives creative license for best method of gaining momentum inside ring
if you wanted to do this properly youd have the either remove uke or make a mod where uke has a dojo and you dont and youre just not allowed to go inside the dojo
that however basically makes this a mod specific record which are generally not a thing we do but i think this sounds interesting and would like to see mods think bout it
this sounds like a huge mess requiring some hard notepad editing before you even begin the attempt. I don't think this has a place in the BoR.
Currently is Saw, got off last week only to realise it had a super short queue and was about to close so we thought we'd go round again.
It would have been Nemesis, but they'd padlocked the entrances shut at least 20 minutes before park closing, yet left the ride boards as saying open.
Although I did notice from my photo of the gate that there was a train stuck half way up the lift hill, so that could have been an issue...
Right now it’s the Zipworld Fforest Coaster in North Wales while I was on holiday. Such a fantastic attraction!
TTSP Forum is the beating heart of our community where our thousands of members can share their thoughts and ideas on the worldwide theme park industry.
Mountain bicycles in Bangalore, gives you the pleasure and joy of riding on any condition of roads… Tags: MTB, Bangalore Marlin Fatbikes Jan 14, 2016 142 views
Imported bicycles in Bangalore, It will manufacturer tires, strong edges, beautiful looks joined wi… Tags: mountain, firefox Marlin Fatbikes Jan 8, 2016 210 views
Firefox bicycles Bangalore, will give good health and fitness. It can improve leg muscles and stabi… Tags: Bangalore, bicycles Marlin Fatbikes Jan 5, 2016 128 views
Inspirant Salaire Second De Cuisine - From the thousands of images on the web concerning Salaire Second De Cuisine, we all picks the best collections with ideal resolution exclusively for you, and this photographs is usually one of photographs selections in this finest images gallery regarding Inspirant Salaire Second De Cuisine. I'm hoping you'll like it.This particular image (Salaire Second De Cuisine Lovely 62 Best Old Movie Posters Images On Pinterest) previously mentioned is actually branded along with: salary second assistant camera man,salary second division italian soccer,salary second lieutenant,salary second tranche,salary second year analyst,salary secondary teacher, put up by Denise Griffin at 2018-01-15 17:19:37. To determine all photographs with Inspirant Salaire Second De Cuisine pictures gallery make sure you stick to this specific link.The Most Amazing in addition to Beautiful Salaire Second De Cuisine for Really encourage Your own home Provide Property|Comfortable WishProperty
As the sun was going down on Wednesday evening, October 5th, the 1,004 foot Mesabi Miner was departing the port with 58,000 tons of coal for Presque Isle, Michigan while the Canadian flagged Quebecois, only 730 feet long, was coming in with a cargo of cement for Holcim (formerly St. Lawrence Cement). While in the picture, the two pilot houses are passing just next to each other, the Miner pilot house is on her stern and the Quebecois pilot house is on her bow. The Quebecois is showing her age. Built in 1963, that’s where they put the pilot house then. A decade or so later, that long standing tradition was turned around and boats were built with the pilot house at the stern of the boat.
Mesabi Miner leaving? Later today, probably After loading coal at Midwest Energy Resources on Thursday, the...
March 9, 2018 Donald PhillipsHealthNo Comment on The Story of a Spinal TB Patient Empowering Herself through Crowdfunding
Did you know that tuberculosis is one of the top three leading causes of death among women aged between 15 and 44? WHO estimates that a total of 9 million people are infected every year, and a third of them miss out on quality healthcare.
This contagious disease can be treated with regular doses of antibiotics, if diagnosed early, but it can still take the better part of a year to fully recover. Since TB is an airborne pathogen and symptoms are relatively mild for months, over this time, it’s common for patients to affect at least ten other people they come into contact with. Symptoms are fairly easy to spot. If your cough lasts longer than a fortnight, if you are constantly feverish and fatigued, sweaty at night or if you’ve coughed up blood or lost your appetite, chances are, you could have tuberculosis.
Though tuberculosis originally affects the lungs, the infection can spread to the brain and spine. While a healthy immune system can fight TB germs, a vulnerable one may not only get affected, but also find it spreading to the brain or spine, making it more dangerous. Individuals with HIV, diabetes, kidney disease, cancer, low body weight or low immunity may find it difficult to fight off TB. Such severely affected individuals need extensive care over months to regain their health.
Tuberculosis of the spine is one of the neurological complications most dreaded by doctors and patients alike. After Anita was diagnosed with TB, she was hit by a second blow when doctors found that she was suffering paraplegia, a common effect of spinal TB. The condition was stealing the life from her legs, and life turned bleak. Previously a workaholic employee accustomed to an active lifestyle, Anita now spends her days bedridden, fighting the depression that threatened to overpower her.
Choosing to take charge of her situation rather than wait for a miracle, Anita launched a crowdfunding campaign on Impact Guru’s global platform. Over the past decade, crowdfunding has been quickly gaining popularity. The trend became an economical and convenient option for patients like Anita who are looking to raise funds for their expensive medical procedures.
Did you know that 80% of the world’s TB patients live in the 20 least developed countries in the world, including India. In India alone, top medical crowdfunding websites like Impact Guru have collectively raised crores of rupees towards healthcare solutions for TB patients like Anita, from low and middle income families. Join the crowd of givers today; empower yourself or a loved one with the means to afford necessary healthcare through crowdfunding.
(M) "Braser de Zarrad" I understand that a "brazer" is someone working with metal (not to be mistaken with "Brazzer" :-/) => "Forgeron de Zarrad"
(M) "Boaz Startap" that's a hard one => "Frappétoile de Boaz" (as in "to hit" a star) / "Touchétoile de Boaz" (as in "to touch" a star) / "Gemmétoile de Boaz" (as in "to pin" a star) depending on what you meant for the original version
(m) "Gol'can Tir" / "Bol'garn Tir": I couldn't find any translation for "tir" but there are only orbs that are named this way. So why not => "Orbe de Gol'can" / "Orbe de Bol'garn"? Makes more sense.
Earlier this year we covered the joys and basic how-tos of starting a collection . It's truly an everyman's hobby. If you're a gentleman reader  and you should be  then there is perhaps no better collection to amass than a hearty library of manly tomes. With this post I'd like to teach you how to expand your library with a purposeful book collection and help it achieve a new standard of awesomeness.
But first, some background. The personal library has a long, rich history of manliness. It was a standard feature in homes from the 17 th through the 20 th centuries. For the upper class, the library was the perfect place for managing an estate and hanging out with other gentlemen (usually with a few drinks and cigars). And for the working man, a personal library of even just a few bookshelves was a great escape after a hard day's work, as well as a potential tool for moving on up the economic ranks.
Wealthy gentlemen of former generations would typically collect complete sets of classic writers (The Complete Works of Dickens for example), standout books in the advancement of civilization ( the Great Books ), and books related to their personal areas of interest or occupation. The same standard titles could be expected in any gentleman's library, which meant, with some notable exceptions, that the average collection was kind of boring. You could find variations on the same library in any wealthy estate in America or Britain.
The working man's library, however, was much more focused and interesting. Limited budgets meant that books were a luxury expense and could only be bought for specific aims or for a deep and abiding passion for a particular work. As a result, a working man's library was a fascinating look into their life, even if it was ostensibly much less impressive.
I'm way more interested to know what books were sitting on the two shelves in the hut of this Australian bushman versus the gigantic libraries of wealthy businessmen. Think about the journey these books must have taken to arrive at this shack deep in the Australian bush and how important they must have been to this man. (You wouldn't think this picture could be any cooler, but note that the opposite wall holds his rifles.)
All men should build a general library like that pictured above. We should have ready access to the important books of our lives. What books would you take with you to a shack in the Australian bush? Those are the books you should buy. You don't need any guidance here; just buy the books you love. Get them in the format you like best. Forget about re-selling them. Build the library to use it. Write in the books. Toss them in your rucksack or in the backseat of your car when you're on a road trip. Be reckless with their condition. And if you prefer ebooks, remember that buying physical copies of your favorite books increases your antifragility .
Book collecting , however, is another beast. You can go beyond the formation of a general library to assemble a purposeful, carefully built book collection united around a central theme. And here is where we separate the book collectors from the rest of the pack.
Collectors are hunters who chase their query through the dusty shelves of antiquarian bookshops. (Or, less poetically, across the blinking screens of their computers.) They build focused collections with particular goals in mind. Aesthetics, interests, profit, charity, work, pleasure, scholarly pursuits, pure awesomeness, and greed are all reasons that men collect books. For example, I built one small collection for its aesthetics on the bookshelf, another small collection to have all the works of a hard-to-find author, another collection purely out of interest in the material, and another just to make a buck on later.
Regardless of the motivation, however, any book collection worth its salt must be united by an easily identifiable central theme.
A.W. Pollard wrote of book collecting in his famous essay in the 11 th edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica (1911):