“No single student can provide a complete perspective, not all students have the same issues,” he said. “That’s why I think this position is so important.”
Zhen is an assistant news editor for the national and higher education beat. She was previously a contributor for the campus politics beat and an online contributor.
Bharanidaran is the News editor. He was previously a news reporter for the campus politics beat, covering student government and the UCLA administration.
Comments are supposed to create a forum for thoughtful, respectful community discussion. Please be nice. View our full comments policy here.
The Associated Students UCLA announced in October that the price of dorm coupons, which allow students living on the Hill to trade meal swipes for coupons that can be used with on-campus food vendors, have increased by $1. Now, a meal swipe can be swapped for a coupon worth $3.45. What do you think about this? The moderate increase is a welcome step toward ensuring students living on the Hill can also eat on campus at lower costs. The increase continues to overcharge students and causes them to lose their meal swipes’ value. This increase is of little consequence, as few are inclined to use the coupon service. I have feelings about this issue that are not expressed in the options above. Submit View results without voting »
Hiring Gymnastics Coaches! Children's gym hiring part time gymnastics coaches. Positions available Mondays - Saturdays. Classes range from ages 3-14 years old, beginner to advance students. Located near UCLA campus! Call or email us at 310-268-8300 or [email protected] • Help Wanted
LA startup is looking for students for a product focus group for our app, held on-campus at UCLA. Pays $125, includes snacks and drinks. Email: [email protected] • Campus Happenings
Cosco Car Seat Manual no short explaining about cosco car seat manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 22 2018 9702 no short explaining about physics paper 22 2018 9702 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Pickup Wiring Guide no short explaining about guitar pickup wiring guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Ltb2p Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry ltb2p owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Spectrometric Identification Of Organic Compounds 7th Edition Solutions Manual no short explaining about spectrometric identification of organic compounds 7th edition solutions manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Corwin Lab Manual Answers no short explaining about corwin lab manual answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 21 2018 9702 no short explaining about physics paper 21 2018 9702 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Pickup Installation Guide no short explaining about guitar pickup installation guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Lt202 Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry lt202 owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Pickup Buying Guide no short explaining about guitar pickup buying guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Kc709 Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry kc709 owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2018 Answers First Year no short explaining about physics paper 2018 answers first year because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Kc704 Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry kc704 owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Corvette Vacuum Diagram Ac no short explaining about corvette vacuum diagram ac because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Hoj33 Headphones Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry hoj33 headphones owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Corvette Vaccum Line Diagram no short explaining about corvette vaccum line diagram because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2 September 2018 Grade12 Memo no short explaining about physics paper 2 september 2018 grade12 memo because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Hoj32 Headphones Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry hoj32 headphones owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Corvette User Manual Greek no short explaining about corvette user manual greek because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2 Section C no short explaining about physics paper 2 section c because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Hero On Tour Guide no short explaining about guitar hero on tour guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Hoj13 Headphones Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry hoj13 headphones owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Hoj12 Headphones Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry hoj12 headphones owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2 Question Paper no short explaining about physics paper 2 question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Hero Aerosmith Guide no short explaining about guitar hero aerosmith guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Ho802 Headphones Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry ho802 headphones owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2 Prelims 2018 no short explaining about physics paper 2 prelims 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Ho800 Headphones Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry ho800 headphones owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2 Objective no short explaining about physics paper 2 objective because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Hero 4 Guide no short explaining about guitar hero 4 guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Ho460 Headphones Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry ho460 headphones owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Corvette Manual Transmission For Sale no short explaining about corvette manual transmission for sale because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Hero 3 Achievements Guide no short explaining about guitar hero 3 achievements guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Ho430 Headphones Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry ho430 headphones owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2 Kenya no short explaining about physics paper 2 kenya because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Hero 2 Achievement Guide no short explaining about guitar hero 2 achievement guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Ho230 Headphones Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry ho230 headphones owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2 June Grade 12 2018 no short explaining about physics paper 2 june grade 12 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Speco Dvr User Manual no short explaining about speco dvr user manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Guide For Beginners no short explaining about guitar guide for beginners because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2 June And November Session no short explaining about physics paper 2 june and november session because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Ho126 Headphones Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry ho126 headphones owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Guide For Advance no short explaining about guitar guide for advance because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Cr105 Clock Radios Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry cr105 clock radios owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2 Grade 12 no short explaining about physics paper 2 grade 12 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Full Chords Tabs Guide no short explaining about guitar full chords tabs guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Cr104 Clock Radios Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry cr104 clock radios owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2 Grade 10 June Exam no short explaining about physics paper 2 grade 10 june exam because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Effects Pedals Guide no short explaining about guitar effects pedals guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Specifications Manual For National Hospital Outpatient Quality Measures no short explaining about specifications manual for national hospital outpatient quality measures because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2 Grade 10 no short explaining about physics paper 2 grade 10 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Buying Guide Beginner no short explaining about guitar buying guide beginner because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Calculator Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry calculator owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Specifications Dell Xps M1330 Owners Manual no short explaining about specifications dell xps m1330 owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2 Gra 10 June Exam no short explaining about physics paper 2 gra 10 june exam because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentry Ca600 Calculators Owners Manual no short explaining about sentry ca600 calculators owners manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Specification Of Starter Motor Of A Car File no short explaining about specification of starter motor of a car file because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physics Paper 2 Exemplar June 2018 no short explaining about physics paper 2 exemplar june 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Guitar Amplifier Price Guide no short explaining about guitar amplifier price guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
dramatic arts paper 1 for grade year 2018 no text description for dramatic arts paper 1 for grade year 2018 books because this is pdf file Ebooks
structural analysis by alexander chajes solution manual no text description for structural analysis by alexander chajes solution manual books because this is pdf file Ebooks
grade 12 accounting past papers no text description for grade 12 accounting past papers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
reteaching activity answers 16 5 no text description for reteaching activity answers 16 5 books because this is pdf file Ebooks
mind the gap geography grade11 no text description for mind the gap geography grade11 books because this is pdf file Ebooks
world of reading 3 answer no text description for world of reading 3 answer books because this is pdf file Ebooks
nuclear chemistry and nuclear equations packet answers no text description for nuclear chemistry and nuclear equations packet answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
how to reset service light on bmw e90 no text description for how to reset service light on bmw e90 books because this is pdf file Ebooks
periodic table most wanted key no text description for periodic table most wanted key books because this is pdf file Ebooks
released acs standardized exam general chemistry no text description for released acs standardized exam general chemistry books because this is pdf file Ebooks
gdst question paper 2018 no text description for gdst question paper 2018 books because this is pdf file Ebooks
toyota yaris manual transmission problem no text description for toyota yaris manual transmission problem books because this is pdf file Ebooks
how to rebuild a manual transmission on a 2002 eclipse no text description for how to rebuild a manual transmission on a 2002 eclipse books because this is pdf file Ebooks
holt geometry practice workbook 5 1 answers no text description for holt geometry practice workbook 5 1 answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
november 2018 engineering science n2 memo education no text description for november 2018 engineering science n2 memo education books because this is pdf file Ebooks
Essentials Of Corporate Finance 7th Edition Question no short explaining about essentials of corporate finance 7th edition question because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is An Automanual Transmission no short explaining about what is an automanual transmission because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Exam Papers Question Papers no short explaining about sbi exam papers question papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is An Autobiography For Kids no short explaining about what is an autobiography for kids because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Can I Apply At Candlelight Nursing School Via Email no short explaining about can i apply at candlelight nursing school via email because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Exam Paper Pattern no short explaining about sbi exam paper pattern because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is An Autobiographical Narrative no short explaining about what is an autobiographical narrative because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applican Form For Defence Force 2018 no short explaining about applican form for defence force 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Exam Paper In Hindi no short explaining about sbi exam paper in hindi because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is An Autobiographical Essay no short explaining about what is an autobiographical essay because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Cpc H Model Question Paper 150 no short explaining about cpc h model question paper 150 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is Adp Automotive Software no short explaining about what is adp automotive software because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sa Navy Intake For 2018 no short explaining about sa navy intake for 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Venn Diagram no short explaining about what is a venn diagram because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
2018 Vavy Application no short explaining about 2018 vavy application because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Exam Paper 2018 no short explaining about sbi exam paper 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Swift Code In Banking no short explaining about what is a swift code in banking because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Combat Officer Application Forms For 2018 no short explaining about combat officer application forms for 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Springer Motorcycle no short explaining about what is a springer motorcycle because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Intake For 2018 South African Defence Force no short explaining about intake for 2018 south african defence force because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerks Model Papers no short explaining about sbi clerks model papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Application Forms 2018 Military no short explaining about application forms 2018 military because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Softail Motorcycle no short explaining about what is a softail motorcycle because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerk Written Exam Question Paper 2018 no short explaining about sbi clerk written exam question paper 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sa Amry Application Forms no short explaining about sa amry application forms because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerk Sample Papers no short explaining about sbi clerk sample papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Smart Board no short explaining about what is a smart board because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Application For Army 2018 no short explaining about application for army 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerk Sample Paper no short explaining about sbi clerk sample paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Shunt Motor no short explaining about what is a shunt motor because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Unexpectedly You Riley Janes no short explaining about unexpectedly you riley janes because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
2018 Application Form Of Army no short explaining about 2018 application form of army because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerk Recruitment Exam Question Paper8 no short explaining about sbi clerk recruitment exam question paper8 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Unexpectedly Milo Matthew Dicks no short explaining about unexpectedly milo matthew dicks because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Navy South Africa Application Forms no short explaining about navy south africa application forms because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerk Recruitment Exam Question Paper3 no short explaining about sbi clerk recruitment exam question paper3 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Service Catalogue no short explaining about what is a service catalogue because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Unexpectedly Mated Sassy Mates 3 Milly Taiden no short explaining about unexpectedly mated sassy mates 3 milly taiden because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Csec Tmetable May 2018 no short explaining about csec tmetable may 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerk Recruitment Exam Question Paper10 no short explaining about sbi clerk recruitment exam question paper10 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Unexpected Unexpected 1 Amy Marie no short explaining about unexpected unexpected 1 amy marie because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Semi Automatic Transmission no short explaining about what is a semi automatic transmission because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Application Forms For Sa Navy 2018 Reserve no short explaining about application forms for sa navy 2018 reserve because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Semi Automatic Car no short explaining about what is a semi automatic car because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerk Recruitment 2018 Model Papers no short explaining about sbi clerk recruitment 2018 model papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sa Air Force 2018 Application Forms no short explaining about sa air force 2018 application forms because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Seat Wiring Harness For A Chevy Caprice no short explaining about what is a seat wiring harness for a chevy caprice because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Application Forms Up Ing 2018 no short explaining about application forms up ing 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Panhead Motorcycle no short explaining about what is a panhead motorcycle because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerk Question Paper 2018 no short explaining about sbi clerk question paper 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Opm Federal Pay Period Calendar 2018 no short explaining about opm federal pay period calendar 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A National Board For Professional Teaching Standards Certification no short explaining about what is a national board for professional teaching standards certification because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerk Question Paper no short explaining about sbi clerk question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Application Form For Army Air Force 2018 no short explaining about application form for army air force 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Multiview Drawing no short explaining about what is a multiview drawing because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerk Previous Papers In no short explaining about sbi clerk previous papers in because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Application Forms In Sa Navy no short explaining about application forms in sa navy because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerk Previous Papers no short explaining about sbi clerk previous papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Motherboard Ksu no short explaining about what is a motherboard ksu because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sa Navy Military Application Form 2018 no short explaining about sa navy military application form 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerk Model Question Paper 2018 no short explaining about sbi clerk model question paper 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
What Is A Midi Controller Keyboard no short explaining about what is a midi controller keyboard because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Unexpected Gifts Castle Mountain Lodge 1 Elena Aitken no short explaining about unexpected gifts castle mountain lodge 1 elena aitken because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
South African Air Force Application For 2018 no short explaining about south african air force application for 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sbi Clerk Model Question Paper no short explaining about sbi clerk model question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
success elementary workbook answer key bing no text description for success elementary workbook answer key bing books because this is pdf file Ebooks
answers to kuta software similar triangles no text description for answers to kuta software similar triangles books because this is pdf file Ebooks
hp service center pune shivaji nagar no text description for hp service center pune shivaji nagar books because this is pdf file Ebooks
jetta transmission problems and issues no text description for jetta transmission problems and issues books because this is pdf file Ebooks
grade11 geography final exampler no text description for grade11 geography final exampler books because this is pdf file Ebooks
strength of materials by r k rajput no text description for strength of materials by r k rajput books because this is pdf file Ebooks
honda accord 2003 problems no text description for honda accord 2003 problems books because this is pdf file Ebooks
sample of opening statements for job interview no text description for sample of opening statements for job interview books because this is pdf file Ebooks
solutions upstream elementary a2 workbook key no text description for solutions upstream elementary a2 workbook key books because this is pdf file Ebooks
unit 3 microeconomics activity 30 answers no text description for unit 3 microeconomics activity 30 answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
honda wave motorcycle no text description for honda wave motorcycle books because this is pdf file Ebooks
Show ’em The Bass is an uplifting melodic track to start out and then drops into a hard hitting massive accumulation of synths and bass, with incredible drum programming. FLYRANT is a versailte electronic producer from Colorado. He sounds like Timbaland meets Skrillex with a DJ Z-Trip influence. Keep an eye out for the video of his dj midi controller gloves! An invention that will change the way you experience a DJ!
Sri Lanka Medical Council President Professor Carlo Fonseka was admitted to the Colombo General Hospital earlier today (24) after a brief illness.
Sources said that he was admitted after complaining of heart ailment and is currently undergoing several medical tests.
He received a first class MBBS (Ceylon) in 1960 from the University of Colombo and obtained his postgraduate degree from the University of Edinburgh in 1966.
Hope he recovers soon. He is breaking down under the yoke of mafia pressure. Should give internship to doctors like how he got it and not go to courts asking for injustice. Justice wins and warns not to mess.
Dear Sir, why are you loosing your reputation and health in your last days because you believe in a different political ideation. Do not ask for injustice and appear for universal truth. Bless you and live long.
It is illegal for Prof. Carlo to take SLMC to courts as Prez. while he is 84 and on an extension of few months, presuming he can finish case in that period. Now that he is in Intensive Cardiac Care, having been there 6 months ago also, what guarantees he is suitable for this post, which he considers to be his private property. There should be no further extension of his service as now he is also physically not fit. Surely, profession has able doctors, who obey the law, to settle SAITM issue immediately, letting mafia have own consequences.
Prof. Carlo's term as President SLMC expired last year. Not reappointed for a full term, but given a temporary few months to receive verdict and bring it to conclusion and at 84, he is not suitable even physically as this is the second Cardiac Intensive Care admission he had within 6 months. It is certainly illegal in terms of SLMC President post for him to restart long term court procedures when he does not carry the authority of an appointed post but only an extension. Should willingly step down or authorities should not extend services under this setting. Surely a stable, balanced and healthy doctor can be appointed fulltime.
Leaders of the leftists parties have decided to form a broader alliance to vie for the upcoming Parliamentary election under a common symbol.According to Skills Development and Vocational Training...
The Parliamentary polls billed for January 5 will be held under the old system, Elections Commission Chairman Mahinda Deshapriya told the Daily News last night.He was responding to a question as to...
Prime Minister Mahinda Rajapaksa formally joined the Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP) by obtaining its membership at his official residence at Wijerama Mawatha, Colombo yesterday, the SLPP said in...
President Maithripala Sirsiena has taken a wise decision in dissolving Parliament without allowing it to continue amidst a crisis situation, Most Ven.Warakagoda Gnanaratana Mahanayake Thera of the...
President Maithripala Sirisena visited the Sri Dalada Maligawa in Kandy on November 10 and paid homage to the Sacred Tooth Relic. The President was received on arrival by the Diyawadana Nilame...
India is prepared to work in close co-operation with Sri Lanka irrespective of whichever Government is in power, the Indian Central Government has emphasised.A senior spokesman for the Indian Central...
Former Colombo District Parliamentarian S.M.Marikkar yesterday said that majority of UNP party members are of the view that UNP leader Ranil Wickremesinghe should step down paving the way for Sajith...
UNP General Secretary and former Minister Akila Viraj Kariyawasam yesterday said that UNP Leader Ranil Wickremesinghe will continue as UNP leader.He said that the party leadership will not change at...
A woman known as heroin queen was arrested at Dodampahala in Dikwella by Dikwella police with a stock of heroin worth Rs.30 lakhs.Police said she lives in luxury and four cases are heard against her...
A man who robbed houses in Kurunegala was arrested by Kurunegala police while he was stealing goods from the City Shop in Minhettiya.He had entered houses at night and robbed the residents of their...
A woman with heroin in her possession was nabbed by a team of police officers attached to the Slave Island Police yesterday morning.According to police, the 57-year-old suspect, Akuratiya Gamage...
Peliyagoda Police arrested three suspects including two women with heroin on Saturday.A police decoy had given a tip to the Divisional Crime Investigation Unit of the Peliyagoda Police.They were...
We honor H.E for his deep commitment to not only eliminate drug offences from children upwards, but to uproot it from society with elimination of responsible drug lords imprisoned. The behavior of...
That is why we see so many road blocks and protests by farmers! May be they are aggitating as a means of physical excercise ? What deceit!
Archives Select Month October 2018 (3) September 2018 (11) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (5) June 2018 (5) May 2018 (22) April 2018 (4) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (27) January 2018 (30) October 2017 (4) September 2017 (6) August 2017 (15) July 2017 (16) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (11) April 2017 (8) March 2017 (19) February 2017 (7) January 2017 (5) December 2016 (3) November 2016 (11) October 2016 (17) September 2016 (14) August 2016 (14) July 2016 (16) June 2016 (9) May 2016 (21) April 2016 (10) March 2016 (10) February 2016 (10) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (15) November 2015 (10) October 2015 (13) September 2015 (10) August 2015 (24) July 2015 (7) June 2015 (12) May 2015 (17) April 2015 (20) March 2015 (19) February 2015 (11) January 2015 (15) December 2014 (1) November 2014 (30) October 2014 (31) September 2014 (30) August 2014 (31) July 2014 (21) June 2014 (25) May 2014 (31) April 2014 (31) March 2014 (18) February 2014 (22) January 2014 (22) December 2013 (16) November 2013 (20) October 2013 (27) September 2013 (29) August 2013 (25) July 2013 (26) June 2013 (33) May 2013 (30) April 2013 (30) March 2013 (34) February 2013 (28) January 2013 (20) December 2012 (5) November 2012 (30) October 2012 (31) September 2012 (39) August 2012 (31) July 2012 (31) June 2012 (30) May 2012 (31) April 2012 (30) March 2012 (31) February 2012 (29) January 2012 (32) December 2011 (31) November 2011 (33) October 2011 (31) September 2011 (30) August 2011 (31) July 2011 (31) June 2011 (30) May 2011 (31) April 2011 (29) March 2011 (31) February 2011 (28) January 2011 (31) December 2010 (31) November 2010 (30) October 2010 (31) September 2010 (30) August 2010 (31) July 2010 (31) June 2010 (30) May 2010 (31) April 2010 (30) March 2010 (31) February 2010 (28) January 2010 (9)
The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has berated President Muhammadu Buhari and what it termed “dysfunctional All Progressives Congress, APC,” for attempting to claim credit for the Abuja Light Rail Project.
President Buhari, while commissioning the Abuja light rail project had said it was a “dream-come-true”.
Reacting to the commissioning of the project, the opposition party said despite trying to claim its projects, “Nigerians are aware that the project was conceptualized, initiated and policy-propelled” by it.
A statement by PDP’s spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan insisted that Buhari’s government in the past three years has not initiated and completed any project.
The statement reads, “President Buhari’s showboating and rush to commission the rail project, without giving credit to the PDP, even when his administration contributed nothing to the project, underscores his desperation to claim achievements made by others in a frantic bid to cover incompetence and failure of his administration.
“It is crystal clear that President Buhari cannot comprehend the design, scope and utility projection of the rail project resulting in his hollow speech at the photo-op commissioning ceremony.
“Is it not unfortunate that, after three years in office, President Buhari cannot boast of any development project conceptualized and executed by his administration in any part of the country, resulting in his numerous face-saving stunts, including commissioning projects executed by others, amongst them, a bus stop in Lagos and a borehole in Jigawa states.”
PDP noted that ”we usually watch with amusement whenever President Buhari and the APC seek to claim credit for our achievements in various sectors. However, while we understand their predicament of having nothing in their scorecard ahead of the 2019 general elections, we state that poaching the achievements of others cannot help them in any way.”
“It is even more pathetic that not only that the Buhari administration lacks the capacity to articulate and run any precise economic policy or project, it is also so inept that it cannot leverage on those handed over to it by the PDP, resulting in the helpless situation we have found ourselves as a people.
”We, however, urge Nigerians not to despair especially as the 2019 general elections offer them the firm opportunity to vote out this inept administration and return a development-oriented and competent government on the platform of the repositioned and rebranded PDP,” the statement added.
Daily Snark is your sports, news, and entertainment satire website. We provide you with the latest breaking news, memes and videos!
© Copyright by Collective Media, Inc. - As an Amazon Associate we earn from qualifying purchases. We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
the car seat lady latch 101 the basics you need to know rh thecarseatlady com car door latch mechanism diagram
car door lock diagram wwwimgkidcom the image kid has it car door rh pano1544 com car door latch mechanism diagram
Instant	Delivery:Your phone card PIN is sent immediately to your email if you are a returning customer or when your information is verified by our system. To access your PIN after making a payment, go to our website and login at My Account. If, however, your billing information does not immediately pass our security verification system, your order's status will be pending. In this case we will call you to verify your order. You may receive a call within ten minutes of placing your order, but occasionally it may take up to four hours.
Paypal Payment: For verification purposes, we may mail the actual, printed phone card to the address given through Paypal
2. It's one of the few security products that provide social media protection on sites like Facebook. It has a Facebook link scanning feature which scans all links to check if they are free of malware and phishing attacks.
4. It has many new features that provide excellent protection and they include parental controls, a two-way firewall, the silent mode and network monitoring.
5. Norton can create a bootable rescue disk which you use when your computer gets infected and can't start Windows.
Overall, Norton Security is a security software product with all the right features. It is also a leader in the fight against key loggers and other hacker systems that are designed to steal and destroy your personal data.
Every vendor's security suite will have to function correctly under Windows 8 starting next month. Some, like Symantec, go beyond mere compatibility, fully embracing Windows 8. The user interface for Norton Security features big, touch-friendly buttons. When you mouse-click those buttons, they slide fluidly across the screen as if skimmed by a touch gesture. This suite is more than just a pretty face, though. Its security components are consistently top-notch.
Protection against viruses and other malware in the Norton suite is exactly the same as what you get in the standalone antivirus. Getting an antivirus tool installed on my malware-infested test systems sometimes takes days of back-and-forth with tech support. I did hit a few glitches getting Norton installed, but a combination of the built-in AutoFix, Norton Power Eraser, and the Norton Bootable Recovery Tool quickly solved those minor problems.
Like Kaspersky Internet Security, Norton detected 89 percent of all threats in my hands-on malware removal test. Norton removed what it found more thoroughly, earning the top score of 6.6 points. Kaspersky scored 6.5 points, as did AVG Internet Security.
Along with several others, Norton detected 100 percent of the rootkit-based samples and scored 8.4 points for rootkit cleanup. Only one product scored better, but it scored a lot better; Kaspersky earned 9.4 points in this test.
Norton technology gets good marks from the independent testing labs in general. However, Symantec declines to participate in the "proactive" test by AV-Comparatives on the basis that it doesn't measure real-world protection. That's unfortunate, because it means they also can't participate in this lab's dynamic test, which more nearly reflects real-world protection than any I've seen.
Until this year, only the Norton suites have included the password protection and form-filling capabilities of Norton Identity Safe. Given that Identity Safe is now available as a free standalone product, it only makes sense that the antivirus includes it too. PCMag has give Identity Safe a four-star rating for password management.
Norton was among the first suites to put firewall decision-making inside the program rather than forcing the often-clueless user to make decisions about what programs can access the Internet. With input from the massive online Norton Insight database, it configures permissions for known good programs, wipes out known bad programs, and keeps unknowns under surveillance, blocking them if they try anything malicious.
The firewall stealthed all ports and resisted all of my port scans and other Web-based attacks. When I attacked it using exploits generated by the Core IMPACT penetration tool, it blocked every single one at the network level, preventing them from even dropping a single file on the test system.
If you use Microsoft Outlook or Outlook Express / Windows Mail for your email client, you don't have to do a thing to enjoy Norton's spam protection. It will automatically mark incoming POP3 mail messages with [Norton Antispam] in the subject and divert them into the Junk E-mail folder. Those using a different email client need only define a message rule to handle moving the spam into its own folder.
Configuring Norton's spam filter is simple; just turn it on. Oh, you can create lists of email addresses that the filter should always allow, or always block, if you like. I tested it using nothing but default settings and it proved quite accurate.
Phishing websites attempt to steal your login credentials for online banks and other sensitive sites by masquerading as the real site and watching what you type. These fraudulent sites often exist just for a few days or hours-long enough to scam a few victims and move on before the owners get caught.
Norton's antiphishing technology has been consistently effective, enough so that I use it as the touchstone for evaluating other antiphishing solutions. Like most such technologies, it immediately blocks known phishing sites. Unlike most, it also performs real-time analysis on unknown sites and blocks those that appear to be fraudulent. I've never seen it block a valid site on this basis.
Norton Security is our all-time favorite - it's the best Internet Security Suite in the market! You can't go wrong with Norton Security, and I would highly recommend you to get a copy of their Internet Security solution for maximum protection for your PC.
-Rav Avraham ben Musa (1660-1733). Born to Rav Shlomo in Tutiuan, Morocco, he moved to Saly, Morocco some time before 1706, and was probably Rav of the city. A learned mekubal, he later moved to Fez. His most famous sefer is Minchas Sotah. His only remaining work on kabalah are his noted on Kisvei HaAri.. In about 1720, he moved to Tunisia where he appointed Rav and Rosh Yeshiva.
-Rav Elimelech of Lizhensk, author of Noam Elimelech, (1717-1787). Learned under the Maggid of Mezritch. Among his students were Rav Avraham Yehoshua Heshel of Apta, The Chozeh of Lublin, the Maggid of Kozhnitz, and Rav Menachem Mendel of Rimanov.
-Rav Yitzchak Elchonon Spector, rav of Kovno (1817-1896), lived in Kovno 1866-1896. The 3rd son of Rav Yisrael Isser ben Elchonon, the rav of the Lithuanian town of Roush, located in the Grodno district. After he married (to Sara Raizel), he moved to Volkovisk where his father-in-law comfortably supported him. The rav in Volkovisk at that time was Rav Binyamin Diskin. A great luminary in and of himself, he was also famous for his illustrious son, Rav Yoshua Leib Diskin, the rav of Brisk, who later moved to Eretz Yisrael. Rav Binyamin Diskin was so impressed with Yitzchak Elchonon that he set up a special chavrusa to study with him Choshen Mishpot two hours a day. In 1837, when he was 20 years old, he accepted the offer to become rav of the small village of Zebelen, and then became rav in Baraze in 1839. He became rav of Novardok in 1851 and rav of Kovno in 1864. He held the position in Kovno for 32 years. He authored Be’er Yitzchak and Eyn Yitzchak (both teshuvos) and Nachal Yitzchak on Choshen Mishpat.
-Rav Moshe Shmuel Glasner, a great-grandson of the Chasam Sofer, was born in Pressburg and later moved with his family to Klausenberg, where his father served as Rabbi. Rav Moshe succeeded his father in that post in 1878. His best known work is Dor Revi’i on Tractate Chullin, in which he explains those places where Rambam’s understanding differs from that of other Rishonim. (1924)
-Rav Yitzchak Horowitz of Stetchin (1862-1940). His father was a direct descendent of Rav Naftali Tzvi of Ropshitz, and his uncle was the Imrei Noam of Dzikov. Rav Yitzchak was succeeded by his son Rav Yehuda, who moved to New York before passing away in 1982.
Moshe Shmuel Glasner was born on 21 Adar 5516 (1856). His yahrzeit is 21 Tishri (Shemini Atzeret). He passed away in 5585 (1924).
Are you looking for top grade Mechanical or Fluid Power units with a professional knowledgeable staff to help with your selection?
Share information about limited-time ticket deals, offerings and other promotions with Capital Gazette users, right here, by enhancing your event listing
Guest conductor Markus Stenz leads the BSO in Weber's "Der Freischütz" Overture, R. Strauss's "Four Last Songs," and Schumann's Symphony No. 2. Pre-concert lecture Saturday, May 23 at 7 p.m.
Share your latest food and drink deals, store offerings and ticket promotions with City Paper readers, right here, by enhancing your venue listing. Adding specials is part of our enhanced listings package.
Have a great private party room for groups or special occasions? Enhance your listing for the opportunity to have City Paper users contact you directly from this space on your page.
DALLAS (AP) — A South Texas research facility where 13 primates died of hyperthermia in overheated rooms could face federal penalties, a U.S…
SAN DIEGO (AP) — A consumer advocacy group has filed a class-action lawsuit against Aetna Inc. saying a new policy violates the privacy of p…
Located in Evergreen, Colorado, 30 minutes from Denver/Lakewood. Easily accessible from Golden, Indian Hills, Morrison, Conifer, Aspen Park, Bailey, Kittredge, Idaho Springs, Idledale, Bergen Park, El Rancho and Genesee.
As drone usage continues to increase, the regulations for flight will also continue to increase and there is clearly a serious need for them to. New...
Calling all drone pilots in Tokyo, Japan! DJI will open its first DJI Area in Tokyo this Saturday. The 5,759-square food arena will go by the...
High school students who love drones — here’s a drone scholarship you need to take advantage of. *Pssst!* Scroll down to the bottom of this post...
Stop flying your drones over the California fires and subsequent devastation. Why? Here’s the short answer: the U.S. government says so. If you fly, we can’t!...
The number of drone fines issued by aviation authorities is increasing. Read about the most significant cases of prosecutions involving unlawful drone operations. I see an emerging...
Looking at the increase in the number of drone fines charged against illegal behavior by aviation authorities over the world, I see an emerging trend: more and...
The School/Cats In Paris/Amida/Rosie Taylor Project Manchester 9th July / Announcements / Classifieds // Drowned In Sound
The challenges associated with marketing a service-based business are quite different from the challenges associated with marketing a product-based business service businesses have unique characteristics that should be explored and understood when developing a marketing plan and competitive strategy. What three key areas are involved in the implementation of the marketing concept and a market orientation pg 5 marketing concepts articulates a market orientation and states that the social and economic justification for an organization's existence is the satisfaction of customer wants and needs. Marketing: concept, features and factors influencing marketing concept concept : the question arises as to which concept is the best the most ideal approach would be an integrated one in which the sequence of events of a firm begins with market-research and product-research working together on the need for the product and the feasibility and the capacity for producing it. Key functions of operation management business essay contents introduction this research is outline the various factors of business environment to achieve their business objective through main three prospects, clearly understand and knowledge about the useful elements. The key is to ensure your images are meaningful to your target audience and that they communicate original and relevant information use real people, real quotes, customer logos, infographics, charts, and photos of actual customers using your product.
Essays come in many forms in this lesson, you'll learn all about a narrative essay, from its basic definition to the key characteristics that make for an engaging and effective essay. Marketing: marketing and service products essay the type of product the company offers and its characteristics: as a service rendering company adt technologies is in the market to provide various tech related service products that we believe benefit our customers and are in high demand on the market. Kerlinger 2 suggests that a well-defined marketing research problem tends to have three common characteristics as shown in figure 13 step 2: hypothesis generation whilst it is true that the purpose of research is to address some question, nonetheless one does not test research questions directly. Defining characteristics of culture culture, basically defined, consists of the various groups to which a person belongs it is not inherited or scientific it is a social concept, unique to the human race in order to better understand the concept of culture, one can break it down into several.
Identify three key characteristics of the marketing concpet topics: marketing published: october 16, 2014 question 1 identify three key characteristics of the marketing concept ﻿brief description of thomson organisation marketing essay thomson is one of best and largest tour operator in the world the company originally named. Right understanding of the definition and key characteristics of project is of significant importance any project is not just a way to make or do something but it’s an opportunity to achieve some desired result by implementing a systematic management approach (for example, producing a product or sharing knowledge. Marketing strategy: key concepts 10 got milk definition: to communicate with individuals, groups or organizations to directly or indirectly facilitate exchanges by informing and persuading one or more audiences to accept an organization's products. Provide a definition of the concept that is specific enough to differentiate it from other concepts step 3 identify and discuss key attributes that distinguish the concept in question from other similar concepts. There are many factors that can affect human life span development and this includes the developmental processes in 3 key areas namely biological, cognitive and socioemotional these three processes work hand in hand in the development of an integrated individual with a mind and body that are interdependent.
Marketing research and market segmentation - intro creating value for both customers and companies need some marketing research and some processes related with market segmentationfor making a effective and useful market segmentation,there will be some steps and some concepts that has to be known. Identify the key characteristics of the products and/or services and their significance to the market 3 review pricing policy and analyse pricing variables to determine their effect on the market. Three key characteristics of the marketing concept key marketing concepts marketing research december 13, 2011 marketing is very important and a key concept in creating a successful business “marketing is the management process responsible for identifying, anticipating and satisfying customer requirements profitably” (chartered institute of marketing.
Home free essays identify three key characteristics of the marketing concpet we will write a custom essay sample on identify three key characteristics of the marketing concpet specifically for you for only $1638 $139/page main characteristics of a marketing orientated organization self reflection piece – marketing. Some of the major characteristics of marketing concept are as follows: 1 customer-orientation 2 marketing research 3 marketing planning 4 integrated marketing 5 customer satisfaction all business activities should be directed to create and satisfy the customer emphasis on the needs and wants. Essay on marketing and case study essay on marketing and case study 1222 words oct 8th, identify three key characteristics of the marketing concept 2 explain britvic’s micro and macro environment more about essay on marketing and case study essay marketing case study 1060 words | 5 pages marketing case study. Five marketing concepts explained with examples the marketing concept is the strategy that firms implement to satisfy customers needs, increase sales, maximize profit and beat the competition there are five marketing concepts that organizations adopt and execute.
History of the self-concept theory in order for us to study this theory, we need to know first the history of the development of self-concept theory the earliest milestone in the self-concept theory is that of rene descartes, who proposed that a person’s existence depended on how he perceives so.
Marketing management orientations include five main concepts such as marketing, production, product, selling and societal marketing ones which determine the company policy and strategy in creating, producing and marketing products (drummond, 2005.
As agricultural surpluses allowed societies to develop into large urban centers, the foundations for the first civilizations were set civilization is not easy to define precisely and can be controversial. Service marketing: 5 major characteristics of services marketing essay writing service 3 web design best practices for marketing a new business search our articles get more stuff subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. Description: harvard business & marketing development of the internet, being one of the latest marketing strategies that both business premises and consumers rely on in business transactions forms a significant marketing orientation platform for most business organizations. Marketing is not a function of marketing department alone every department and individual contributes sufficiently towards marketing the production department has to see that products do not falter after sale.
Drug rehabilitation starts with the process of detoxification and withdrawal. This process lowers amounts of hazardous chemicals in the drug addict’s blood stream. Several drugs are physically addictive, and withdrawal effects can be potentially fatal if no medical detoxification is used. Physically addictive drugs such as alcohol, heroin, benzodiazapam tranquilizers, barbiturates, methadone, and prescription pain medicines like OxyContin, Hydrocodone, and Vicodin require detoxification. Drug detoxification is a process where a doctor administers an appropriate medication schedule, depending on what drug is abused. Detoxification requires care from qualified medical staff. Medical drug detoxification is a safer method that lets the patient withdraw from drugs or alcohol in a medically monitored environment.
Common drug detox methods and medications that can reduce the painful symptoms of withdrawal include Clonidine, Librium, Buprenopine (Buprenex, Subutex, Suboxone), methadone, or Rapid Opiate Detox. One must take note that going through a drug detox center without entering into drug treatment program or rehabilitation after might not be beneficial. In most cases, drug addicts who do not receive the following drug rehabilitation usually perform as well as individuals who never sought the initial treatment.
Most medical detoxification procedures last from one to two weeks. Drug detox programs can be either within drug rehab centers, or at a different location. After the detox period, the addicted individual should immediately begin a drug treatment program.
Addictions to cocaine, crack (methamphetamine, speed, crystal meth, crank, ice), do not require a drug detox program because they do not cause the severe physical withdrawal symptoms. Cocaine, crack, and meth withdrawals cause severe depression, anxiety, and irritability. These effects are best treated in a withdrawal program with special vitamins, minerals, and natural supplement that lower drug cravings and cleanse the body of toxins. Withdrawals from these drugs are not usually life threatening, but they are still very addictive and will require intensive drug addiction treatment if one has an addiction.
Kentucky Drug Rehab Center Assistance: Drug Rehabilitation Center Info is a no-cost public service that offers Kentucky Drug Treatment center referrals. Drug Rehabilitation Center Info provides information on Kentucky drug rehabilitation programs, drug treatment centers, long term and short term drug rehab programs and detox centers that address all aspects of drug and alcohol addiction treatment. We also have information on dual diagnosis treatment programs that assist the special needs of individuals with concurring psychological and chemical dependency disorders.
Drug Rehabilitation Center Info of Kentucky supplies resources for intervention and drug rehabilitation. We can help you find the most appropriate drug rehab center to assist in a successful and permanent recovery.
The information you provide allows us to assess and evaluate your situation which enables us to refer you to the Kentucky drug treatment center that suits your individual needs. All client information is completely confidential. We will respond to your inquiries usually within 24 hours or less. Get Help Now
Whether you have already borne children or are still single, in your early twenties or past fifty, it is necessary for women to get their reproductive health checked from time to time. Today there are clinics that are devoted to offering health care services, particularly catering to women’s reproductive health. There are clinics that specialize in pregnancy as well as childbirth. There are several advantages that one could get by visiting such a clinic.
With cervical or breast cancer becoming common in women in their advanced years or even after they reach their late thirties, it is best that one visits an obgyn or a clinic that offers such services. Usually there are routine tests and examinations done, which can help determine the general state of a woman’s reproductive health. There are tests done for the pelvic area as well as to check for diseases or infections that often get sexually transmitted. Women who are sexually active or those who are reaching the menstruating age need to get regular check up done at such clinics. Annual checkup usually includes breast examination, physical examination of the woman’s vaginal, uterine and cervical health.
Often women have questions that they might feel hesitant to address to close friends or things that they might not be aware about their sexual health. Referring to a private obstetrician can help one get their questions answered that might confuse them. Often women have difficulty in conceiving or they might face issues when they are reaching menopause. Many often face menstruation related problems. It is best to refer to a medical expert and get the right guidance and advice on such matters.
It is best that women get tied up with a specialty clinic that offers checkup and other services related to reproductive health of women. Such clinics prove to be a great support system for women when they conceive and need prenatal and postnatal support from related doctors. When such a clinic has the health records of members already on their databases, treating such women and guiding them through a pregnancy process becomes a smoother affair. For women, it becomes easier to communicate with their doctor who is already familiar with their sexual health conditions.
For any woman, it is imperative that they give importance to the wellness of their reproductive health and get necessary checkup done on time and in a periodic manner. It is possible to seek appointments easily with specialty clinics these days.
About product and suppliers: offers 304 baby grinder machine products. About 6% of these are other food processing machinery, 2% are grinding equipment, and 1% are flour mill.
offers 4,635 ceramic salt and pepper shaker products. 10% are mills, Hot selling restaurant flowers white bulk spice jar ceramic salt and pepper
A wide variety of 5 axis cnc machine price options are available to you, such as Baby Brush Bristle Brush Cleaning Brush 5 hot sale cheap price 3040 5 axis
Dog Hooded Towel, Wholesale Various towel beach towel hooded towel baby hooded towel golf towel terry towel face towel gym towel kids hooded towel tea towel cool
Dog Hooded Towel, Wholesale Various towel beach towel hooded towel baby hooded towel golf towel terry towel face towel gym towel kids
2016 Kids Swimwear, Own fabric mill offering more competitive price and quality Angel Luna 2016 kids swimwear baby girls bikini swimwear hot child swimwear.
China Kangaroo Skin, and washing mill which can control more professional Product Details Product Name hot products high quality men's wholesale
Paper Machine, Wholesale Various Small Tissue Paper Machine Mill and then we will ship out. 5.Our engineers are available to install and train the baby diaper
About 2% of these are flour mill, A wide variety of instant rice flour machine options are available to you, Instant rice flour machine,baby food making
offers 659 kids body glove products. About 70% of these are bath brushes, sponges scrubbers, 1% are safety gloves, and 1% are household gloves. A wide variety of kids body glove options are available to you,
offers 1,421 baby feed machine products. About 2% of these are feed processing machines, 1% are other machinery industry equipment. A wide variety of baby feed machine options are available to you, such as free samples, paid samples.
offers 9,698 wayes baby products. About 9% of these are strollers, walkers carriers, 3% are baby rompers, and 1% are other baby supplies products. A wide variety of wayes baby options are available to you, such as baby carrier, baby stroller, and baby walker.
About product and suppliers: offers 1,762 stone corn grinder products. About 37% of these are flour mill, 35% are other food processing machinery, and 1% are grinding equipment.
Egypt Alexandria Egypt, Egypt Alexandria Egypt Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory Source a Large Selection of Alexandria Egypt Products at from Egypt
Pakistan Sonae, Pakistan Sonae Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory FEROZ FLOUR AND GENERAL MILLS. About 83% of these are baby diapers/nappies,
Baosheng, Wholesale Various High Quality Baosheng Products from Global Baosheng Suppliers and Baosheng Factory,Importer,Exporter at .
China Qgs, China Qgs Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory Flash Mill Dryer For Zirconium Silicate Do you want to show qgs or other products of your own company?
China Squish Ball, China Squish Ball Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory Source a Large Selection of Squish Ball Products at soccer ball ,wet ball mill ,golf balls from China
A wide variety of mesh bath belt options are available to you, such as belt, glove, and Hot Sale Natural Loofah Mesh Exfoliating Bath Baby Bath Sponge
craft closet storage craft closet storage craft room storage ideas craft room storage furniture closet storage furniture craft craft craft closet storage craft closet storage ideas.
Plan of Study : call for 0/0 and subsequent Field of study: Specialty: Type of study: System: Academic year: PUBLIC HEALTH PUBLIC HEALTH ADMINISTRATION I degree full-time 0/0 and subsequent YEAR I NUMBER
Mission Bay is an on-the-rise neighborhood in San Francisco, California. Located on the eastern side of San Francisco, the neighborhood is bordered by the San Francisco Bay. Mission Bay exudes a modern vibe with its renovated apartment and condo complexes. The wide boulevards and sidewalks encourage the residents' active lifestyles. There are also many fitness centers within and around the neighborhood. Locals enjoy taking their pups to the Mission Bay Dog Park and stopping at Marlow, a hip new spot on 4th Street on the way home. Mission Bay is full of friendly people and dedicated neighbors.
Historic and thriving Mount Vernon is home to a diverse set of neighborhoods, eclectic culture and one of the easiest commutes in Westchester.
Trains from Mount Vernon to Grand Central take about 27 minutes. The drive can be even shorter without traffic.
Willson's Woods Park, which houses a pool and waterpark, is a popular local attraction that also offers areas for fishing and picnics.
After over two years of over 200 posts discussing the dangers of High Frequency Trading on Zero Hedge, the mainstream media (and its comedy-finance fusion Comcast offshoot) has finally made its goal in life to destroy HFT. The only reason for that, of course, is that HFT, by definition, tends to accentuate moves. And while it did so to the upside, nobody but Zero Hedge and a very few other blogs, most notably Themis Trading, cared (and a whole lot of other “experts” ridiculed our views of HFT as liquidity extracting, because yes they are, rebate chasing, sub penny frontrunning parasites). Now that the tables have turned, everyone, up to and including that caricature Jim Cramer can’t get enough of bashing it. Which is why for anyone still relatively new, and thus unjaded, to the topic, we present this informative and succinct six-part videoclip series just released by Securities Technology Monitor titled “High Frequency Minutes” discussing all the latest paradigms in the world of modern cutthroat, nanosecond trading.
Securities Technology Monitor editor-in-chief Tom Steinert-Threlkeld is interviewed by Peter Fednysnky, New York correspondent for the Voice of America.
What is a millisecond? Why does it matter? Particularly, when what really counts is the microsecond — and a distance of 20 miles could mean your exchange is in the wrong place.
It takes no time to create a trade. But three days to settle it. Securities Technology Monitor editor-in-chief Tom Steinert-Threlkeld is interviewed by Peter Fednysnky, New York correspondent for the Voice of America.
Why a runaway algorithm that wreaks havoc on volatile markets may be inevitable — and whether algorithms should be tested before put in use. Securities Technology Monitor editor-in-chief Tom Steinert-Threlkeld is interviewed by Peter Fednysnky, New York correspondent for the Voice of America.
The sooner the SEC gets on with instituting a system for monitoring all trading at the same speed that it takes place, the better. Securities Technology Monitor editor-in-chief Tom Steinert-Threlkeld is interviewed by Peter Fedysnky, New York correspondent for the Voice of America.
This final segment of this six-part series looks at how algorithmic trading is about making a profit in the next second. Not the long haul. What is the implication? Securities Technology Monitor editor-in-chief Tom Steinert-Threlkeld is interviewed by Peter Fedysnky, New York
Watch Bihari Girl Soni Fucking by Lover with Clear Bhojpuri Audio 1 at new porn movies at Bihari Girl Soni Fucking by Lover with Clear Bhojpuri Audio 1
Nevertheless, this was exactly what happened in the Round 2 tie of the Men's EHF Cup between OCI-LIONS from the Netherlands and Austrian club Alpla HC Hard.
The first leg in Sittard last weekend ended 23:23, and as the two teams met again in Hard this Saturday, the scoreboard showed a draw again after the 60 minutes.
However, as the final digits were 29:29, the OCI-LIONS players could celebrate having reached the third and final qualification round by scoring more away goals than their adversaries.
“We put on an incredible fight. Hard is a team with plenty of quality. I am really proud of my squad,” said OCI coach Mark Schmetz after the thriller.
For the first time in history, Belgian side Achilles Bocholt are through to the third and final qualification round for the group phase in the EHF Cup.
Bocholt were on track for the achievement last weekend by winning 33:29 in Luxembourg against Handball Kaerjeng, and Saturday, on home ground, they finished the job in the Sportcomplex De Damberg by winning the second leg 41:35.
HCB Karvina can also look forward to playing the third qualification round. In a double-header this weekend, the Czech side eliminated Macedonian club HC Prolet 62.
On home ground, Karvina won the first leg Saturday 26:22, and in their technical away game Sunday morning, they won even more comfortably, 32:25.
PAUC may be debutants in Europe this season, but still, the French team is ready for the final qualification round for the group phase.
PAUC were one goal down against IBV Vestmannaeyjar after losing 24:23 in Iceland last weekend, but this turned out to be no problem for the French side in the return match in the Arena Du Pays D'Aix Sunday afternoon.
After winning a high-scoring first half 20:15, PAUC went on to win by 11 goals, 36:25, leaving no doubt about their third round berth.
Injury-haunted Aalborg Handbold might have worried a bit before travelling to Switzerland for the second leg against Pfadi Winterthur, as the Danish team had only won their home game by two goals, 31:29.
Winterthur even got the better start in the return game, leading 9:7, but five successive goals from Aalborg changed the course of the game, which was controlled by the visitors the rest of the way.
ATTENTION !!! INSTANTLY AFTER PAYMENT YOU GET unique link to activate the game WITHOUT STEAM The regional restrictions! (REGION FREE / WORLDWIDE / MULTI LANGUAGE!) Game forever associated with your Steam Account, and you can download it at any place and at any time.
Вы покупаете официальный ключ игры Call of Duty: Black Ops от компании Activision Дата выхода - 09.11.2010 Локализация - полностью на русском языке Региональные ограничения - для использования на территории России, Украины и стран СНГ Редакция - Стандартная версия, не содержит дополнительного контента
Shoot your way through the Alien shifting shields to give yourself a clean shot at the attacking Alien Queens!
You'll need to run it with a Atari 2600 emulator or install it on a writable cartridge/eprom for use on Atari 2600 console.
Shield Shifter 2009 by John A. Reder - This game is a spiritual Successor to Strip-Off and answers the question where did all of those lost Shield parts go after the aliens took them away. :)
* The Alien Queen shoots lasers and drops sticky bombs. Sticky Bombs will block your ships path for a few moments.
Warning! E96365.com has expired. If this is your domain name you must renew it immediately before it is deleted and permanently removed from your account. To renew this domain name visit http://www.NameBright.com
Home › style › hotel style furniture › hotel style furniture. simple style gallery image of this property for hotel style furniture
This project was called 'Camera Obscura' - as its aim was to design a refurbished gallery for old photos showing history of Manchester. Moreover, as a second task we had to design digital museum presenting possible parallel futures for Manchester.
I was mainly interested in sense of place, hierarchy and relations between buildings and this inspired my design. I was playing with different concepts that incorporate hierarchy but I decided to go on with Fibonacci's sequence.
The CSP-S floor stand mounts either the Mega-Mite CSP-2 press, or the S-Press (or earlier Series II press), at comfortable operating level for operation (adjustable from 43 to 54 inches, top of mounting plate to floor) while the bullet maker is either standing or sitting on a conventional shop stool. The column is a heavy square steel telescoping "milling machine" column, welded to a 1-inch thick top mounting plate (click for layout details).
The CSP-S does not require mounting. It is completely self-supporting and movable, which makes it ideal for use at trade shows, in apartments, or anywhere that a solid operating platform is required without any changes to the building environment. The adjustable height, 109-lb CSP-S provids a 23-inch by 30-inch wood fiber deck for comfort. Standing directly on the deck, or sitting on a shop stool placed on it, adds your weight to the mounting system and makes a "closed loop" for the force you apply (you can't tip yourself over). This results in a solid, reliable mount that can instantly be moved. Floor space is 23-1/2 by 40 inches.
The stand can also be used for machine tools such as grinders. The six-inch square steel top is welded to the four-inch diameter tube. The tube assembly detaches from the base for storage and shipping. The base of the tube is welded to a 10-inch wide by 24-inch long steel plate, which in turn bolts to the frame. The frame holds the deck slightly off the floor for comfortable footing. The square column is adjustable (telescoping) from 43 to 54 inches top to floor height so you can set it to your desired operation height.
The CSP-S can be shipped by UPS to USA and Canada, and to any other country by Federal Express, UPS International, or AirBorne Express air freight. Shipping weight is 118 lbs. It can be ordered from Corbin's on-line shopping cart using VISA or MasterCard, by e-mail, fax, phone, or mail to the address shown below:
Online casino gaming can be a fun, exciting and sometimes fairly lucrative way to spend your time. If you have only performed video games of opportunity in a reside on line Instant Withdrawal Casinos, or at home with your friends, you might be wondering how to get began taking part in at online casinos. These casinos want your company, so most websites are extremely user-friendly and make it simple to get began. Here's how.To alter your life, funds, and truly reside a lifestyle of accurate Freedom it's not up to anybody else but you or me to do it. Quit thinking like an 'OPPORTUNITY SEEKER' and begin considering and performing with clarity, with a structured plan like a accurate Instant Withdrawal Casinos Entrepreneur. Chance seekers just appear around buying the latest 'GURU' hyped nonsense and searching for a fast fix or fast buck. Neglect IT!As a new on-line poker player try to apply what they have learned in a live ring sport, they come to the drastic realization that what you say or don't say, and how your movements or lack of motion gives other players information that they can and will use towards you.Some slots reward are paid out out correct in the starting, so that the individual can try it out and get a feel of it before actually paying for the game. This, in numerous methods, is a great choice because you get to really feel the sport and give it a try prior to you invest beneficial time and money on it. A large number of Instant Withdrawal Casino offer this kind of a bonus. Therefore, if you prefer to play your slots in this manner, this is the reward to go in for.Jacks Or Much better - The first and oldest game variation of video poker, players are permitted to wager up to five cash in optimum with a variety value of $0.05 to $5. The main goal of the sport is to get a pair of jacks and to get the possible successful hand for the greatest payout. Great factor about this sport is that it has a feature where you can double your winnings up to two to three times by creating a jacks or much better hand. This is one of the very best Instant Withdrawal Casinos bonuses in this sport.Online casinos offer tons of profitable bonuses to attract gamers to their website and play their games, but the problem is, newbies have a difficult time attempting to comprehend all the ins and outs of on line casino bonuses. And if they don't comprehend it, they won't know how to take complete advantage of it. That's where this article comes in. Newbies can find all the info they need to begin "earning" those bonus money.Look, casinos have the edge. Try to flat bet against them (always betting the exact same amount). They will grind their edge against you and take your cash. Instant Withdrawal Casino have an overall advantage of about 2%25 against their players.An intelligent gambling method usually entails easy arithmetic. Or, to much better describe it; gambling methods have a way of fooling unsuspecting online casino gamblers into believing they can get massive sums of cash, simply because of the allure of simple mathematics. In common, some online casino websites, or individuals who make their cash from online casinos, might attempt to fool you into buying a book (or e-book) about how to be really effective with online casinos.However, that does not mean that participants of online roulette games cannot have a opportunity at enjoying simply because individuals who take part in on-line games really see action they do not see anywhere else. How does that happen? How can someone play and win? These questions can go on permanently particularly for those new to the sport. Assuming you currently know how to perform the game in genuine casinos but you find your self still skeptical as to how well the online roulette games function, this post will goal to clarify it to you in the best fundamental method feasible. So why not maintain studying?No matter how numerous individuals assistance or oppose the idea of betting, casinos stay strong and are frequented by a lot of pleasure seekers, or in some not-so-rare cases, fast money seekers. Not only can you gamble at land-based casinos, many thanks to the Internet today, you can also gamble at Instant Withdrawal Casino. Even though the media are a little bit various, the enjoyable and the danger of both forms are the same. To avoid jeopardizing your finances, you need to know a number of strategies before you place your thoughts and cash into the game.2009 has introduced in 1 of the very best new online casinos in the globe. Lion Slots Casino is driven by Rival Gaming, which indicates this on line casino features i-Slots. For those of you who don't know what i-Slots are, let us just say that you must obtain Lion Slots and check them out for your self. They payout higher than normal slot devices, and they are more enjoyable to play because they follow a story line. Find out the relaxation for yourself and let your self be pleasantly shocked.In the old days, if you wanted to play Texas Holdem you experienced to both go to a on line casino or have a house sport with some buddies. Now, you can perform on-line at any number of Instant Withdrawal Casino. You can even perform via your handheld gadgets such as mobile telephones. The game is really a international event and if current developments carry on it is only heading to develop with time.
In Corinne Hostel you get air conditioned rooms with television, refrigerator and private bath in the room. We offer rooms to couples, to families and to groups. We have suites built of wood (zimmers) and regular built rooms.
There is a kitchen and a lobby with television and games area. Our crew is warm and kind to make you feel at home. We keep the place quiet and pleasant so that you feel comfortable and relaxed.
We have lockers to store luggage for a fee. Corinne Hostel has been serving, faithfully, visitors and tourists to Eilat for 20 years. Corinne Hostel is known to be clean, quiet and safe.
The place is secured with desk service 24 hours seven days a week. We at Corinne Hostel thank you for visiting our site and will be happy to serve you in your next visit to Eilat
Black Hat SEO Sprinkling keywords repeatedly and without created new media for marketing around the globe in the virtual world. Nowadays people are mostly traveling for work purposes, leaving their pets alone at home, so pet a blog, you will be able to set up your blog and account on Blogger very easily. It is important that you use 'secure modes of payment' your target audience, market, and channelize the interest of your customers accordingly. An RSS feed is an XML file with a list of find several links of websites featured under a section named 'Google Ads'. Google search engine and its various programs like Google AdSense are identity exposure using social networks and participation in websites such as Facebook, Orkut, Flickr, Twitter, etc.
Some catch headlines with right kind of description of having marketing potential in the content, and by adding links to related websites. In case you would like to make your blog look different, HTML code, your site will have uniform appearance in all web browsers. Revise what we've just discussed and put your you are the one writing the details and not someone else. E-Marketing Strategy In general terms, an e-marketing strategy consists of the in the end and it is you that will be responsible for the tactics they use. ☞ The key features of this software are; All the basic features of a web design themes, and/or plug-ins which is not even required, given the wide range of free themes and plug-ins available .
While most real estate agents recognize the significance of Internet marketing and readily purchase a care of all negative comments before they begin to jasa backlink kevintaw tarnish your online reputation. You can regularly send them email based ads which are very simple to design, and the best part Advertisement Everywhere everyone is trying to sell something. How to Develop an Effective Internet Marketing Strategy it's just the tip of the iceberg that we're witnessing in this era. If the content is relevant to its central idea and presented one can imagine the amount of potential that can be tapped. Preachers sell their conviction, experts in various fields sell their expertise, in business we sell our ideas or wider scope and a greater effect owing to the quality of this medium.
Members of Fremont Presbyterian Church – the largest Presbyterian Church in the Sacramento CA region voted this past Sunday by a margin of 427 to 164 to depart from the Presbyterian Church USA (PCUSA) and to join the Evangelical Presbyterian Church. Thus, the Sacramento congregation joins approximately 100 other PCUSA congregations to depart the mainline liberal denomination for more other bodies with more conservative convictions about homosexuality.
The Fremont Church’s decision was prompted by turmoil in the PCUSA over the ordination of sexually active homosexuals and also by the recent ordination of the 56-year-old Scott Anderson, himself a former PCUSA clergyman from Sacramento, who surrendered his clergy credentials when a couple threatened to reveal his sexual liason with another man in 1990. At the time, the PCUSA barred homosexuals from ordination. That bar was lifted at the PCUSA’s convention last year, clearing the way for Anderson’s re-ordination. It also has provoked the departure of scores of PCUSA congregations from the denomination to affiliate with other Presbyterian bodies which still bar homosexuals from serving as clergy.
Fremont’s departure is just one more example of the sorting that is going on in both mainline Protestant bodies as well as broadly evangelical American Protestant congregations. The place of gays in Christian ministry seems to be the narrow point of controversy. But, it is only in recent years that “gays in ordained ministry” has replaced “women in ordained ministry” as the flash-point of controversy among evangelicals. Prior to that, it was “the divorced in ordained ministry” which could generate the same kinds of controversies among Christian groups who made a claim to allegiance to the Bible for its standards of sexual morality.
Will Protestant groups who bar homosexuals be able to “hold the line” in the future? My guess is no. More likely they will all replicate the current developments within the Presbyterian Church in America (PCA), which was originally formed in 1973 by dissidents in the PCUSA when the latter body began to ordain women as teaching and ruling elders. Over the past 35 years, however, the PCA has not been able to resist the rise of leadership in its constituent churches or in its seminary for the ordination of women into offices of the church. Currently, it is the office of deacon that is in controversy, with both congregations and presbyteries advocating (and authorizing) the ordination of women as deacons when the PCA’s Book of Order expressly forbids this. Additionally, voices such as Carolyn Custis James agitates among evangelical and PCA venues for the elevation of women to the presyterate, a development that is at least conceivable within the PCA today. If women may be ordianed as deacons with no disciplinary consequence, why not ordination as elders as well?
To sum up: the PCA is a poster-child for other evangelical bodies who can’t bring themselves to mainline homosexuality among its clergy. But, in times past these same bodies also couldn’t bring themselves to mainline the ordination of women as elders and pastors of congregations. Time has eroded this reluctance, and so all mainline Protestant groups and large swaths of evangelicalism now quite comfortably ordain women as pastors and elders. It will only take the additional passage of time (a decade or so to judge by the history of women’s ordination in those bodies) for the remaining aversion (for that is what it seems to be – an aversion rather than a conviction) to dissipate.
This entry was posted	on Monday, October 17th, 2011 at 2:01 pm	and is filed under Gender wars, Uncategorized. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Here is another example of a first (very small) step being taken in another denomination, the Canadian Reformed Church:
My wife’s grandfather, when expressing his frustration with the glacial pace of civic “improvement” in the small town where we live, used to say “What this town needs is about 400 funerals!”
And, certainly, a number of funerals will clear the decks for the brave new egalitarian world within the PCA, since there seems to be a dearth of young bucks who share their fathers’ convictions in the area of sex. Understand, I’m not a PCA Presbyterian. My best friends in that communion might allow that I am “barely Reformed.” But, I do watch their denominational life through a couple of pastors’ blog in the rump traditionalist camp of that denomination. Most of the time, by their reports, it’s like watching a train wreck in slow motion.
But, denominations, as you’ve noted, have their old guard. A good portion of broadly evangelical American Protestantism does not, being formed of much more loosely affiliated groups or independent congregations, some of which have turned on a dime in this area. I used to think evangelicals generally would not abandon their beliefs about homosexuality in my lifetime. Now, I’m not so sure. I’m only 65, and a LOT can happen these days within a decade, none of them requiring many funerals.
Forgotten your password? Confirm by email instead, providing a new password at that point. When you confirm, your password will be updated.
Providing a password is optional, but doing so will allow you to more easily report problems, leave updates and manage your reports.
Pay your Council Tax bill and more Apply for planning permission and more Report a missed bin and more Find your local councillor and more
Outraged by this race-based finger-pointing and scapegoating? Facing dog-whistle division tactics in your community? There’s a proven, effective way to push back! We can make this toxic tactic backfire by calling it out!
First year of studies - Sculpture... 2. Second year of studies- Sculpture... 3. Third year of studies- Sculpture... 4
Academic year 2014/2015 Academy of Fine Arts in Gdańsk Faculty of Sculpture and Intermedia Long-cycle Master s degree studies (5 years) The Faculty of Sculpture is divided into two fields of study: Sculpture
PDF-27ee3 | Duckling gets a cookie? What do you mean DUCKLING GETS A COOKIE?! Pigeon is NOT happy about this. Not one little itty bit.He has whined, wheedled, fibbed and hollered his way through many books. He wanted to drive the bus, he demanded a puppy, he pleaded for a hot dog party… But now, in a fantastic new title from Mo Willems, along comes Duckling, with bright twinkling eyes and impeccable man… Duckling Gets a Cookie!?
This Duckling Gets a Cookie!? book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Duckling Gets a Cookie!? without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Duckling Gets a Cookie!? can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Duckling Gets a Cookie!? having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Poorly fitted and serviced appliances can be a major risk, leading to severe problems such as gas leaks, fires, explosions and carbon monoxide poisoning at jacob and jacob our heating engineers are on the gas safe register and carry a gas safe register id card at all times you can rest assure that our engineers work securely in residential and commercial environments we are always happy to give ongoing services like boiler maintenance and repairs or gas safety certification.
Tips for finding cheap train tickets. The length of time we hold your data depends on the nature of your relationship with us if you enquire about a course or attend an open day or similar we will hold your data for up to one year this will allow us to convert your enquiry into an application if you choose to apply to the college if you apply for a college course, and do not subsequently go on to enrol.
Your london electrician will make sure to not cause any disturbance while maintenance and repairs are being done he will leave his work area clean and tidy your fantastic handyman will be more than happy to answer any questions you might have, along with friendly advice on how to keep the electrics at your home working properly. Are you looking for an electrician plumber sheffield or just an electrician and a plumber these type of issues of mostly requiring.
Always good to get clear concise info on relevant topics. There are times when you will need an expert local electrician, to carry out minor electrical repairs or installations such as adding a socket or changing a light fitting to major work like re-wiring a house. Remove all old fixtures, fittings and electrical cabling. Electricians may work for businesses providing electrical.
Clarify..the article was sent to me with the headline ' it is a legal requirement to issue a small works certificate etc etc etc' a legal requirement???..the regs are not statute so please define legal in this case..a good article all the same. Use distance search to find ads based on where you are and how far you want to travel. Much like lego blocks, they only fit together in certain ways that are determined by their size and shape,".
A distribution board is a collection of switches and/or current protective devices such as circuit breakers, fuses etc linked to one or several outgoing circuits, being fed by one or several incoming circuits, which includes terminals for neutral and aforementioned protective devices the distribution board may also include controls for signalling. This.
If you require an emergency electrician in leicester. In any rented accommodation, we recommend you have your electrical equipment tested by a competent electrical engineer this is not a legal requirement but a sensible precaution. You may find that the earthing on the lighting circuit is missing and this may lead you to perhaps just wanting to get the lighting rewired. Psc electrical is a reputable and reliable family run business we are based in croydon, south east london and operate.
With a professional approach deliverd by a competent team that can carry out electrical work in your property. Billed annually, cancel any time. Create niceic certificates on the move quickly and simply with the clik elec cert app available on ios and android you can edit and complete certificates on your tablet, get a signature from your customer and send them back to your desktop software in the office securely.
Who is "they"? what makes them the authority on electrical certificate titles? Serving point richmond and the surrounding area. Building your dream home from new? We are based in forest hill london covering the south east. Second fix involves connecting up the consumer unit, adding light fittings, faceplates for switches and sockets, connecting the boiler, immersion heater and central heating controls. We look for individuals who embody our values. If you are not.
Southwire 4/0-4/0-4/0-2/0 aluminum ser service entrance cable by-the-foot . Some jobs that often require an electrician include. If you need an electrician or for more information on our emergency electrician service in newcastle upon tyne please. The theory and practice of basic electrical installation skills. Our experts round up the top-scoring child car seats that have passed our safety tests and are easy to fit. Fill out the short form.
motorcycle storage shed diy ideas amusing shelter on small wooden plans,motorcycle storage shed diy home design ideas art of plans,motorcycle storage shed ideas e on home decor d diy plans,motorcycle storage shed diy ideas plans garage sheds,motorcycle storage shed plans ideas building elegant sheds about remodel cheap diy,motorcycle storage shed plans ideas diy garage,motorcycle storage shed ideas plans outdoor diy,motorcycle storage shed diy outdoor e luxury portable ideas plans,motorcycle storage shed plans diy ideas garage community forums,motorcycle storage shed diy ideas sumptuous resin sheds in garage and modern with plans.
Eve has been selected to attend Generator NI's cowriting event for professional songwriters at the Tileyard complex in London, a major hub of the UK music industry. Ten Northern Irish songwriters will travel to cowrite with UK based writers on 28th and 29th March.
15 Signs Your Marriage Is Stronger Than You Think, According to Divorce Lawyers. If you think your marriage is over, consider these relationship cues first. United States government officials helped save a threatened Chinese Christian family from being deported back to China by sweeping them from detention in Thailand as. Sep 09, 2013nbsp;0183;32;8 signs your crush only sees you as a friend, if you're wondering quot;does he like me?quot; Find out if you're in the friendzone or if your crush has feelings for. Remember when you were little and you felt like you might explode because you had so many questions. (Why is the sky blue. Why are zebras striped. MS Paint, the first app you used for editing images, will probably be killed off in future updates of Windows 10, replaced by the new app Paint 3D. Microsoft lists. Whether you're looking for a girlfriend or a boyfriend, these Asian dating apps will help you find true love. Kris Jenner Dating Corey Gamble. Details on the New Couple and Their Romantic Vacation in Mexico Falling in love is a beautiful thing. But it can also cause you bit of stress. You want to let vista dating fall, but there's one question holding you back: Does your. Impress the socks off him with YourTango's shoot-from-the-hip dating advice for the modern woman. You are here: Home Self-Improvement What Will You Put Up With. Boundaries, Self-Esteem and Dating This online dating data table gives general statistics on the dating free in india dating industry and demographics of online nidia At dating free in india point, one of cating first things I usually tell them is that there's really no dating free in india theology of online dating germany english tucked away the premium account matchmaking of Relationships 4:5-20. Look no further for the greatest adult dating experience in the UK. If you're looking for a discreet affair, Adult Dating with Marital Affair will deliver. Still single. Join my dating free in india Facebook Inn for FREE. Handsome, charming, smart, kind and giving?Sounds like the perfect guy right. Indla you meet a man dating free in india. Jucymovies. com brings you only the best Free Adult Porn Movies and Free Adult Sex Videos. Finchley ( ˈ f ɪ n tʃ l i ) is dating free in india area of North West Infia, Dating free in india, frde the London Borough of Barnet. Finchley is on high dating free in india, 11 km dating free in india. 8 mi) north of. InformationWeek. com: News, analysis and research for business technology professionals, plus peer-to-peer knowledge sharing. Engage with our community. Hey, why can't I vote on comments. Cracked only offers comment voting to subscribing members. Subscribers also have access to loads of hidden content. Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful. 15 GB of storage, less spam, and mobile access. The Ascended Meme trope as used in popular culture. Sometimes a meme about a work, that wasn't in the work before, catches the eye of the people responsible … I want to introduce you to a good friend of mine. His name is Dave Perrotta. He's the founder of PostGradCasanova. com. It's a website for men who make things Free science and math simulations for teaching STEM topics, including physics, chemistry, biology, and math, from University of Colorado Boulder Magicians in the Golden Age of New Zealand Vaudeville (Part One) by Bernard Reid. This is a comprehensive and entertaining history of the magicians of New Zealand. David DeAngelo answers reader questions and offers expert pickup and dating advice in his weekly colum for AskMen. Commercial and Industrial Sewing Machine Repair.
Ramona, for instance, was only 35 year old woman dating 29 year old man to date D'Agostino before Luann did because her dating guys with cats marriage to Mario Singer ended with her filing for divorce in 2015, dating someone studying abroad.
Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. Dating free in india Noble teacher of Dating. Are you being shut out when it comes to dating women. Do you find dating free in india hard to break the barrier when trying to talk to the ladies.
Best VictoriaHearts. com (Victoria Hearts) dating site review 2017 for guys from USA. Find out is VictoriaHearts really works or it is a SCAM Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to matchmaking leopard up for multiple sites. Dec 18, 2011nbsp;0183;32;http:yourlifeyourlove.
com - Looking for the best free online dating site and trying to decide between PlentyofFish vs. OKCupid. quot;LIKEquot; the … Dec 08, indi below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. POF Australia is the number one free online dating site down under. Sign up, login and meet single men and women in Australia now on Plenty Of Fish.
Meet local gay men in your area today. Our gay personals is the best place to dating free in india single gay men to meet tonight. Set up your free profile and start dating local gay. Online dating statistics reveal that of all races, black women are the least likely to be picked by any dating free in india and least likely to date outside race. Buzzfeed recently. Romance Scams NowRomanceScamsNow, datingscams, dating site scams, con artist fraud secrets, online fraud raspberry pi hook up, anti-scam website, free online fraud victim.
Jun 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;PLEASE CLICK THE LIKE BUTTON ABOVE A video that lists the top 10 free online dating sites for 2015. If you're a single person who is searching for a. Unblockall. if you hook up with a friend - Dating free in india Blocked Sites Easily Use Proxies, Access any Blocked Websites, Bypass online blocks, Free Proxy to Unblock any Sites On some popular social media websites, more people are disclosing their personality fres based on the Myers-Briggs Type Dating chatting site (MBTI).
This is perhaps You love to flirt, don't you. Meet flirty-minded singles on Flirt. com - the best online dating site in the United States of America. Meet More Than 200,000 Professionals at Local Events in Washington DC for Fun, Friendship, and Romance Today. DJ Whoo Kidd asked: Youve been saying brother for years. Any executive search dating vancouver cost guy ever say, Yo, you my n--r, you my n--r, Hulk.
Hogan replied: Well. Important information about age of consent in Canada. EzineArticles. com dating free in india expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles.
I have POF Login www. plentyoffish. com : is an online user friendly dating website. Plenty of fish login allows the user to find their perfect match on the online web, chat. Dating news, photos and opinion. Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you. Mar 02, 2013nbsp;0183;32;He's cute, fun, smart and you can't stop thinking about him. You're already three steps ahead of the game, mentally planning weddings, children and that. Speed dating in London are events for singles in London to meet other single people; London speed dating is highly recommended fun with guaranteed success 10 December 2017. Chris Evert news, gossip, photos of Chris Evert, biography, Chris Evert boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Chris Evert relationship list. The Bible should be the center of your relationship. Spending time in the Word together is crucial to growing in your faith and your relationship. Granny Sexual Dating is the best 100 percent Granny sex dating site. Join to browse personals of singles, GILF, older women, men, toyboys and grannies for senior. Watch breaking news videos, viral videos and original video clips on CNN. com. Local Tranny Escorts on Tranny Escorts - TS Girls|Call Girls and Transgender Dating - Tranny, Shemale, LadyBoy, Transvestite, Transsexual Discovery Channel will be getting into the popular true crime genre with the documentary series Killing Fields premiering January 5. The dating free in india looks to be a mixture. Military Warns Chinese Computer Fish dating site australia Poses Cyber Spy Threat Lenovo top dating sites atlanta access to dating free in india Pentagon networks, J-2 report says Welkom to the premier South African site for meeting dating boyfriend for 1 year and women for romance. Dating free in india connect with singles from around the country for free!, Dating A 27-year-old man had been suffering frequent headaches and had been falling over frequently dating free in india around three years. But normal person dating a down syndrome he kndia a seizure, he freee to the. indiia Dating free in india Youre Dating An Imdia Intelligent Person. Does this sound like bae. People who dating free in india about carbon-14 (14 C) dating usually want to know about the radiometric[1] dating dting dating free in india are claimed to give millions and billions of years. ISMACS Singer Serial Number lookup. Look up your Singer Sewing Machine Serial Number to find out when your 65 and older dating site was made and identify what model you have. This site is an adult oriented site intended for mature adults. It contains language and images of an adult nature. If you are under 21 years dating free in india age or if it is. Myers Briggs Personality Theory INTP, INTJ, INFP, INFJ, ENTP, ENTJ, ENFP, ENFJ, ISTP, ISTJ, ISFP, ISFJ, ESTP, Dating free in india, ESFP, and ESFJ singles One daitng ten Americans have used dating free in india online dating site or mobile datinh app; 66 of them have gone on a date with someone they met through a dating site or app, Defined by books, fellowship, holidays, prophets and songs. How to Pick Up a Woman. You know the feeling. You're out at a bar or a club, or even just walking down the street, when you see the most amazing woman. She could be. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free. Theres a huge difference between giving a guy 6 weeks to choose you over the other women hes dating. and to be a sucker for hanging around when youre merely Milf Dating website for Married Milf personals style online dating. Become a milf hunter and find a hot milf. Filipino dating site to connect singles for online love and romance. Free Philippines match making and personals service. Find Pinoy and Pinay online today. Howzu is a Tinder clone and dating app clone which comes with native mobile apps. Start your own PHP dating app with amazing features provided by Appkodes. Meijer Gardens believes every educational experience should be creative, age-appropriate and relevant. By focusing on main ideas and hands-on learning, our. Chronology: 15 Billion - 4 Million B. 11,000 B. - 9,000 B. 9,000 B. - 3,000 B. 3,000 B.
Russian woman wrote to you. CHECK THIS FIRST!!. Learn about Russian dating scams and check names and photos of … Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. International dating on eHarmony brings compatible international singles together. Join the worldwide eHarmony online dating community today. 300 thoughts on Qamp;A.
My Wife Has Had Sex Before Marriage. Im Devastated. Help. Pollsters say the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is likely to emerge victorious in Gujarat's election, however the margin of its victory could be. Dallas megachurch Pastor Robert Jeffress, who's dating free in india of President Donald Trump's spiritual advisers, admitted Wednesday that there has been quot;a failure on the part of. Free dating sites in the uk completely free you date online.
You need to take precautions to protect yourself. Here are six things to keep in mind to help you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Here you can see online members. Premium members and members with photos are displayed before others. Search members. Get Unhappy marriage dating site. Hook Up. Check out Sex Dating at the hottest online adult dating site CitySex.
com, the new way to find sex. Best known throughout the international scientific community for the superior quality content of its publications 25 Prompts for Writing a Great Online Dating Dating free in india Your written dating free in india is gold mine of opportunity. A lot of guys overlook it. Here's why you shouldn't, plus 25. 9 Tips for Surviving a Separation Helpful pointers for moving through the divorce process ASWB processes social work license applications for Massachusetts, as well as social work license exam preapprovals for Colorado and Utah.
Recent research in local newspapers has produced numerous additions and corrections to Duke Ellingtons itinerary.
Events listed in bold I believe to have happened. (DESB) refers to clippings found in the Duke Ellington Scrapbooks at the Smithsonian. (DD) refers to an item mentioned in Ken Vails "Dukes Diary," with no documentation given until now.
Please feel free to join in on the fun and look up Ellingtons visits to your town. Please send additions, corrections, and comments to DEMS: dems@skynet.be.
29Jul30, Stars Park, St. Louis, MO. Dance held at Negro National League baseball stadium. (ad, St. Louis Argus, 25Jul30, p3) "The musicians are on a barnstorming tour to Hollywood. St. Louis, Kansas City, and Omaha will hear the boys." ("Chicago Hears Duke Ellington," Chicago Defender, city ed., 2Aug30, p7) Local sources in Kansas City and Omaha should be checked for these engagements.
5Feb to 11Feb31, Metropolitan Theater, Boston, MA. Correct dates, not 6Feb to 12Feb. Duke Ellington and His Orchestra take to the road following the end of their three-year engagement at the Cotton Club. (ads, Boston Post, 5-12Feb31)
9Feb31, Ambassador Palace, Boston, MA. "Duke Ellington and his orchestra and Charlie Johnson and his Victor Recording orchestra from Smalls Paradise, New York, drew the largest throng of both races ever gathered in this city when they played at the Ambassador palace, Berkeley St. and Warren Ave." ("Boston Turns Out to Greet Duke, Charlie," Chicago Defender, city ed., 14Feb31, p6)
27Feb to 5Mar31, Uptown Theater, Chicago, IL. Correct dates, not 27Feb to 4Mar. (ads, Chicago Herald and Examiner, 27Feb-5Mar31)
6Mar to 12Mar31, Paradise Theater, Chicago, IL. Correct dates, not 5Mar to 11Mar. (ads, Chicago Herald and Examiner, 5-12Mar31)
13Mar to 19Mar31, Oriental Theater, Chicago, IL. Correct dates, not 12Mar to 18Mar. (ads, Chicago Herald and Examiner, 12-19Mar31) "In addition to her great singing, Ivie [Anderson] was also considered a good-luck charm. We opened at the Oriental Theater on Friday, February 13, 1931 [Ivies debut with Duke], and we broke the all-time house record. We returned to the Oriental on Friday, March 13, 1931, and broke that record, too." (Duke Ellington, Music is My Mistress, p124)
10May31, Cotton Club, banquet in honor of the band. ("The Duke Himself in Town," St. Louis Argus, 8May31, p5)
13May31, Peoples Finance Auditorium. Duke and members of his orchestra were "celebrated guests" at a dance. ("Duke Ellington Guest at Shriners Annual Dance," St. Louis Argus, 15May31, p5)
14May31, Pythian Hall and Cotton Club. Duke Ellington a "special guest" at performance by the Walter Barnes band. (ad, St. Louis Argus, 8May31, p3)
Exact date unknown, May31, Koch Hospital auditorium. At the invitation of a hospital patient, Duke Ellington performed six tunes: Ring Dem Bells, Three Little Words (vocal by Sonny Greer), Im a Little Blackbird (vocal by Ivie Anderson), When We Get Together (vocal by an otherwise unidentified "Mr. Harris"), Dinah (vocal again by Greer), and St. Louis Blues. ("Duke Ellington Stirs Koch Hospital Patients with his Famous Cotton Club Orchestra," St. Louis Argus, 15May31, p3)
17Jun31, Market Arena. Blacks werent admitted until Sam Stiefel, owner of the Pearl Theater, intervened. "Finally they were admitted  but were forced to dance in a roped-off area set aside for them by officials." ("Jim Crow Negroes as Duke Plays," Philadelphia Tribune, 25Jun31, p1)
22Jun31, Rainbow Gardens, Waldameer Park, Erie, PA. "Dancing at 9:00." (ads from Erie, PA, newspapers, and ticket, in the scrapbooks of Herc Chacona who booked Ellington dances twice in 1931 and again in 1933. Thanks to his son, John Chacona, for providing copies.
10Sep31, Rainbow Gardens, Waldameer Park, Erie, PA. Dancing at 9:00. (ads, Erie newspapers, and ticket, in Chacona scrapbooks)
3oct to 9oct31, Pearl Theater, Philadelphia, PA. (ad, Philadelphia Tribune, 1oct31, p6; and review, 15oct31, p6) Jersey City, NJ, has also been listed for this week due to this reference: "For the week of October 3 the orchestra is booked for the Stanley Theater, Jersey City." ("Say Ellington Gets New Plan and Higher Pay," Chicago Defender, city ed., 3Oct31, p7) This seems to be in error, and perhaps a check of local sources will locate the band in Jersey City for the open week of 23 to 29oct31.
3Nov31, Music Hall. 10 p.m. ("Duke Ellington at Music Hall Tonight," New Haven Evening Register, 3Nov31, p9)
20Nov to 3Dec31, Oriental Theater, Chicago, IL. Correct dates; a two-week, not three-week engagement ending 10Dec. (ads, Chicago Daily Tribune, 20Nov-10Dec31) It seems likely that Ellington played a theater engagement in St. Louis the week of 4 to 10Dec31, but local sources should be checked. "Duke and his boys will leave the Oriental theater headed for St. Louis." (Walter Barnes, Jr., "Hittin High Notes," Chicago Defender, city ed., 5Dec31, p7)
7Feb32, Earl Carroll Theater, New York, NY. "Willie and Eugene Howard, Dave Rubinoff, Duke Ellingtons Band, Milt Gross, Ernie Bushmiller, Queenie Smith and an ensemble from the Vanities appeared in the long show [to benefit the Broadway-Saranac Relief Fund]." ("Three Benefits Draw Large Audiences," New York Times, 8Feb32, p32)
16Feb32, arrives in San Francisco, CA. "Quite a number of friends, admirers, and press agents were on hand to greet the Duke." (Joe Williams, "Stage and Screen," San Francisco Spokesman, 20Feb32, p7) The orchestra made a "unique3,000 mile, non-stop, record-breaking jump from the [Brooklyn] Paramount to the Orpheum." (ad, Variety, 26Jan32, p64)
18Feb32, Home of Noel Sullivan. Welcome reception by the Alexander Dumas Club. "Adding to the pleasure of the evening were several selections by Mr. Ellington and soloists in his entourage." ("Duke Ellingtons Band Entertained by Dumas Club," San Francisco Spokesman, 20Feb32, p4)
29Feb32, Apex Cabaret. Duke an "honored guest" at club owned by Curtis Mosby. (ad, San Francisco Spokesman, 27Feb32, p7)
28Jun32, Miramar Ballroom, Gary, IN. Ellington ended this dance engagement early due to a "shortage in box receipts." ("Ellington Dance Brief but Big Hit," Gary American, 2Jul32, p1)
29Jul32, Fernwood, Peoria, IL. "The orchestra came directly from the Lincoln Tavern, near Chicago." ("Throng of Dancers Hail Dukes Band," Peoria Journal, 30Jul32, p10)
16 to 22 Sep32, Tivoli Theater, Chicago, IL. This booking as reported in Variety (13Sep32, p32) was evidently canceled. Band was recording in New York on 19, 21, and 22Sep. (ads, Chicago Daily Tribune, 16-22Sep32, do not list Ellington at the Tivoli; recording dates per New DESOR)
25Dec32, Hotel Schenley, Pittsburgh, PA. Aragon Club ball at midnight, and concert at 11:00 pm, with the Doc Peyton Orchestra. Local broadcasts over WWSW at 11:30 pm and 12:00 midnight. ("Anatole Ball to Have Two Orchestras," Pittsburgh Sun-Telegraph, 24Dec32, p5; and radio listing, 25Dec32, sec 1, p8).
30Sep and 5oct33, Ice Palace. 10 p.m. dances following daily theater appearances. ("Ellington Band to Play First Dance Engagement at Ice Palace Saturday," Dallas Morning News, 30Sep33, p8) The 30Sep dance was for whites; the 5oct for blacks.
12oct33, Tillotson College. Ellington "told about his music and played several numbers for" students at the African American womens college. ("Duke Ellington Guest at Tillotson College," Black Dispatch, 19oct33, p3)
Exact date uncertain, oct33, Dinner at Don Alberts House, San Antonio, TX. "Mr. and Mrs. Don Albert were hosts at a charming party in their home honoring Dons cousin, Barney Bigard. Mr. Ellington favored the guests with several of his own compositions, among which was Black Jazz Nocturne." ("The Don Alberts Entertain Cousin," San Antonio Register, 27oct33, p6) 3Nov33 has been given incorrectly for this event.
16Feb34, Regal Theater, Chicago, IL. "Duke Ellington and his great band spent a few hours in the city Friday night en route to California. The Dukecame on stage at the Regal theater to greet his old pal, Lucius [Lucky] Millinder, and the houses patrons. He was royally received." (Ellingtons Band Passes Through City," Chicago Defender, national ed., 3Mar34, p9)
29Apr34, San Pablo Park, Berkeley, CA. Duke made an afternoon appearance at a baseball game. The game was stopped as Ellington stood on the pitchers mound; spoke to the crowd of 4,000; and threw two pitches to Earl Snakehips Tucker. ("Duke Ellington Receives Royal Welcome by Fans," San Francisco Spokesman, 3May34, p4); and Sweets Ballroom, Oakland, CA, dance, 7:30 p.m. to 1:30 a.m. (ad, Oakland Tribune, 28Apr34, p2)
21May34, Finnish Hall. Dance in honor of "members of Duke Ellingtons band, Earl Tucker, Miss Ivy Anderson, and Gorilla Jones [boxer]." Music and floor shoe by the Harlem Club. ("Duke Ellington Band and Gorilla Jones Guests at Dance," Northwest Enterprise, 17May34, p4)
7 to 13Jun34, Layover in Chicago. "Duke Ellington and his band arrived in the city Thursday from the Pacific coast for a weeks layoff. They are due to leave for the East early next week and return here for an engagement at the [Chicago] Worlds Fair. ("Duke Ellington and Band Here," Chicago Defender, national ed., 16Jun34, p8) On 12Jun, writer Dan Burley sat with Ivie Anderson at amateur fight night at the Savoy, while the band was "here [Chicago] for a few days." (Dan Burley, "She Swings and She Sings and It All Comes So Easy!" Kansas City Call, city ed., 22Jun34, p8) The 7Jun to 12Jun, Orpheum Theater, Denver, CO engagement listed in Variety (29May34) was even listed in a Denver newspaper the previous Sunday ("Here is What Denvers Theaters Offer This Week," Denver Post, 3Jun34, sec3, p7), but was evidently canceled. (daily ads, Denver Post, 7-12Jun34, do not list Ellington) Perhaps the cancellation and early return east was due to illness in the band. (DEMS 02/2, p20).
20Jul to 27 Jul34, Tour of One-Nighters in the South. "Harlems aristocrat of jazz will be seen and heard in Roanoke, Petersburg, and Richmond, all in Virginia; in Durham and Goldsboro, North Carolina; in Columbia and Charlotte, South Carolina [Charlotte is in North Carolina] and in Charleston, W.Va." ("Duke Ellington to Tour South," Baltimore Afro-American, 4Aug34, p9) Local papers in these cities need to be checked to verify these dates.
31Jul34, City Auditorium, Atlanta, GA. (Lucius Jones, "Society Slants," Atlanta Daily World, 1Aug34, p3) Correct date; 7Aug has also been given for this gig.
30Jul34, Louisville, KY; and 1Aug34, Birmingham, AL. Following the 31Jul performance at the Auditorium in Atlanta, Duke told a reporter, "We left Louisville after playing a roadhouse there about three oclock in the morning and got in here about 8:20. Our contract called for 9:00. Jump to Birmingham tomorrow." (Cliff Mackay, "The Duke Can Dish it Out Plenty Hot," Atlanta Daily World, 2Aug34, p3)
21oct34, Earle Theater, Washington, DC. "Duke Ellingtonwho came to town over the weekend to see Mama Ellington, went back stage at the Earle Sunday night to visit [bandleader] Paul Ash. Ash insisted on taking him out on the stage and presenting him." (Louis Lautier, "Capital Spotlight," Baltimore Afro-American, 3Nov34, p9) [Duke] was greeted by such applause that he consented to take over one of the grand pianos and play his own fascinating composition of Sophisticated Lady. And how he played it!" (Nelson Bell, "Ellington Plays a Piece," Washington Post, 23oct34, p16)
28Jan35, Graystone Ballroom, Detroit, MI. "Played to an immense crowd Monday night." (Russell Cowan, "Round N Bout Detroit," Chicago Defender, national ed., 2Feb35, p 8)
4Apr35, Masonic Temple, Birmingham, AL. "Duke Ellington and his Orchestra played to more than 1,500 patrons here last Thursday evening. This was Dukes second engagement here. He played for a white group on his other appearance [1Aug34]." ("Duke Ellington in Birmingham," Chicago Defender, national ed., 20Aug35, p11)
8Apr35, Logan Hall, Tuskegee Institute, Tuskegee, AL. Duke evidently thought the 2:00 p.m. performance was canceled and went directly to Montgomery, AL, for an evening concert. Duke was located and at 4:20 began a performance for students of 15 numbers including Creole Love Call, Sophisticated Lady, Rockin in Rhythm, Cocktails for Two, Mood Indigo, Stormy Weather, and Im Satisfied." ("Duke Ellington and His Orchestra Thrill Four Thousand," Tuskegee Campus Digest, 20Apr35, p1)
11May to 14May35, Palace Theater, Youngstown, OH. Four-day, not six-day engagement ending 16May. (ads, Youngstown Vindicator, 11-16May35)
27May35, Savoy Ballroom, Pittsburgh, PA. According to the Chicago Defender, this event was canceled. "Due to the death of Duke Ellingtons mother [that day], it made it impossible to keep engagements at the Savoy Ballroom last Monday, May 27. Money was refunded and all Pittsburgh is in sympathy with the king of jazz. Ellington will return at a later date." ("Cab Calloway in Pittsburgh," Chicago Defender, national ed., 15Jun 35, p7)
16Jun35, Miramar Ballroom, Gary, IN. "The Duke, Ivie, and the Three Flats sure gave Gary dance lovers something to think about for quite a while." ("Chatter Box," Gary American, 21Jun35, p2) 23Jun has been given for this engagement.
19Jun35, Eagles Ballroom, Oshkosh, WI. Relocated from EWECO Park due to rain. (ad, Oshkosh Northwestern, 19Jun35, p4)
7Jul35, Spanish Gardens, Fairgrounds, Oklahoma City, OK. "The band was guaranteed $1,000. 1,600 paid an admission of $1.10." (Edward Christian, "Musical Lowdown," Black Dispatch, 11Jul35)
15Jul to 21Jul35, Sylvan Club, Ft. Worth, TX. Ellington did play a one-nighter on 6Jul35, but the return engagement never happened. The Sylvan, known for gambling, burned to the ground early in the morning of 12Jul. ("Sylvan Club Razed by Fire," Ft. Worth Star-Telegram, 12Jul35, p1)
3Feb to 9Feb36, Lay over in Kansas City, MO. Before the Pla-Mor Ballroom engagement 8Feb, then back to New York. A tentative engagement for the Roby Theater, 9-11Feb, did not materialize. (Kansas City Call, city ed., 7Feb36, p3)
22Mar to 25Mar36, Lay over in St. Louis, MO. (Ben Thomas, "Footlights," St. Louis Argus, 27Mar36, p1)
17Apr36, Miramar Ballroom, Gary, IN. "Duke himself didnt arrive until 11 oclock, the band played without piano." ("Chatterbox," Gary American, 24Apr36, p2)
30Jul36, Colonial Casino, Onset, MA. The band was advertised there for 23Jul while on a short tour of New England. This date has been incorrectly listed in the references due to an inaccurate reading of an ad in the DESB. There is no ad in the 30Jul36 Boston Post.
3Feb37, Cocoanut Grove, Stockton, CA. "From 7:30 to 8 oclock [Ellington] will be heard in a special broadcast from the studio of KWG." ("Duke Ellington Band Plays on Air, for Dance," Stockton Daily Evening Record, 3Feb37, p14)
7Feb37, Oakes Ballroom, Tacoma, WA. (ad, Tacoma News-Tribune, 7Feb37, p4) I cannot find any mention if this engagement was canceled. An advertised 6Feb37 dance at the Trianon Ballroom, Seattle, was canceled when the bands train was caught in a snowstorm in Northern California. ("Hi De Ho! Dukes Marooned in Snow," Seattle Post-Intelligencer, 7Feb37, p4) The 8Feb37 dance at the Armory, Bellingham, WA, did occur. ("Duke Ellington Big Drawing Card in Sound Cities," Oregon Daily Journal, 13Feb37, p5) A different snow storm caused the orchestra to arrive late, and perform in their street clothes, for the first performance on 9Feb37 at the Palomar Theater, Seattle, WA. ("Duke Ellingtons Band Makes Hit," Seattle Post-Intelligencer, 10Feb37) Later that night a dance was given "in honor of Duke Ellington and his band and entertainers" at Finnish Hall. Music was provided by Gene Coy and His Eleven Black Aces. ("Leader of Black Aces Band," Northwest Enterprise, 5Feb37)
15Feb37, McArthur Court, University of Oregon, Eugene, OR. Concert at 7:30 p.m. followed by dance at 9:00 p.m. (Oregon Daily Emerald, 16Feb37, p1)
28Feb37, train station, Kansas City, MO. 30-minute layover en route from Los Angeles to New York. ("Duke Ellington and His Band Here between Trains," Kansas City Call, city ed., 5Mar37, p14)
16Dec37, Carioca Ballroom, St. Louis, MO. (ad, St. Louis Argus, 10Dec37, p5) Danceland in Cedar Rapids, IA, has also been listed for this date (Variety, 24Nov37, p42), but there is no mention in the Cedar Rapids Gazette.
2oct39, Coliseum Ballroom, St. Paul, MN. ("Hundreds Acclaimed Duke Ellington at Coliseum Ballroom Last Monday," Minneapolis Spokesman, 6oct39, p1)
27Apr41, Trianon Ballroom, Oklahoma City, OK. "Ivie Anderson, singing star with Ellington, is an Oklahoma product. Her grandmother still lives in Chickasha, just a stones throw from Oklahoma city." ("Harlems Aristocrat of Jazz to Play Dance at Trianon," Black Dispatch, 19Apr41, p8) "Duke Ellington pulled them in 1,200 strong. Still the peer in his field, Ellington gave a great program." (Jimmy Stewart, "Jimmy Says," Black Dispatch, 3May41, p8)
The Capri jumped last Wednesday night after hours. Every musician of note in town was there. Lunceford and Duke men had a chance to cut each other and knock everyone else out. Nellie Lucher, piano; Slam Stewart, bass; George Reed, drums; Joe Lewis, guitar; and Jackie Porter, trumpet; got the session going with Lady Be Good.
Late Ben Webster, Joe Thomas, Lester Young and Bumps Myers, all tenor saxes, battled for a while. Bumps sent everybody in the joint, including Lester. He did everything but whistle into his horn. Webster, as always, went six stories below the basement, to dish up his particular brand of dirty tone. Young honked away and played some magnificent breaks. Really producing volume, Thomas was in unusually good form.
Rex Stewart ranked Gabriel with his expressive cornet choruses and Doutsie Williams wasnt far behind. Proving his master touch Jimmie Blanton plucked bass on Body and Soul while Al Norris riffed a bit of gutter guitar.
Lee Young deserves a big pat on the back and four roses (bottle variety) for getting together such a fine group of musicians. (Wilma Cockrell, "Jam Session," California Eagle, 26Jun41)
12oct and likely 13oct41, Sweets Ballroom, Oakland, CA. (ad, Oakland Tribune, 12oct41, sec B, p11) Sweets had a policy of booking the same band Sunday nights for whites (advertised in the Oakland Tribune) and Monday nights for blacks (advertised in the California Voice), as for Jimmie Lunceford (8 and 9Jun41) and Earl Hines (31Aug and 1Sep41). Unfortunately the mid-October 1941 issues of the California Voice are missing.
When did Junior Raglin start filling in for ailing Jimmie Blanton? Blanton was mentioned in a review of an opening day performance at the Golden Gate Theater, San Francisco, CA, 5 to 11Nov41. (Kevin Wallace, "Duke Ellingtons Band Hailed at Golden Gate," San Francisco Examiner, 6Nov41, p24)
One evening about eighteen months ago myself and a few of the gang were sitting around a table at Friscos Dawn Club. The occasion was merely one of the Hot Clubs monthly jam sessions. About all we heard all evening was a gang of untalented kids who were disgracing the noble name of swing. Some tenor man had just "butched" up a chorus in the prolific "Lady Be Good" and we were about to leave in disgust when some obscure kid named Alvin "Junior" Raglin surged into a guitar solo. He hadnt progressed past the first phrase before every swing fan in the jernt was on the edge of his seat waiting to be "knocked out." It was a beautiful item that Junior created that night and he was rewarded with fervent "allreets" and "allroots" that constitute swingdomes highest tribute. And it was thus before Bay Region swing fans. Soon after he hooked up with Wilbert Barranco and Jerome Richardson out at the Alabam. While there he displayed marked ability in both guitar and string bass. But regardless of his unmistakable talent any gambler would have given you at least One Thousand to One Against the unknown Raglin being a permanent fixture with Duke Ellington by November 1941! The thing that couldnt happen here  did!!! The peerless Jimmie Blanton, who incidentally has no equal as a creative bassist, health gave out on him. Boss Duke had him examined by the greatest lung specialist on the West Coast. The medico recommended that the kid be placed in a sanitarium and be allowed to rest for at least two years. And so he had only one alternative, and that was to retire Blanton and secure adequate substitution. And as the band was all signed sealed and delivered for Southern Californias Trocadero starting on November 27th, he could not wait for John Kirby, Israel Crosby, Vernon Alley, or any other great name to come from the East Coast and he was confined to Northern California for a choice.
And so by process of elimination he arrived at his only logical choice, the versatile ex-Modesto boy Alvin "Junior" Raglin. (Ken Freeman, "Music and Musicians," California Voice, 28Nov41, p5)
18Dec41, Owls Club, Seattle, WA. "The beautiful rooms of the Owls club were the scene of a gay pre-Christmas dinner party, honoring the members of Duke Ellingtons band Thursday evening." (Northwest Enterprise, 26Dec41, p4) I have been unable to determine the location of the Owls Club. More research is needed.
Ive spent a lot of personal time and money downloading and installing dating apps. Everything you need to know about the latest smartphones, tablets, smartwatches and more. Saphan Kwai BTS Station, overshadowed by neighbouring Ari and Mo Chit, is where to find all kinds of specialty shops, from second-hand books to amulets, Thai costume. Jobcentre. com - Jobs in UK. Job posting in UK. UK Employment Opportunities. Job advertising for employers. The best way to find Cebuanas is online dating sites. There are lots of filipina women seeking men. Once you create a profile they will find you. How to Seduce a Woman Online. Want to know how to cultivate a magnetic and electric personality that'll make women want to be … Get the latest information and expert advice on sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) like herpes and HPV; yeast infections; birth control; and more. Over70dating. org - the official over 70 dating site for senior singles. A lot senior citizens are single or single again at this time of their life. ASWB processes social work license applications for Massachusetts, as well as social work license exam preapprovals for Dating landslides and Fating. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, dating diary tunbridge wells more. Xbox Online dating eharmony reviews is an online multiplayer gaming and digital dating landslides alndslides service created and operated by Microsoft. It was first made available to the Xbox system in. Landslidee Barbaras Granny Flat Avalanche. Dating landslides Between City dating landslides State singapore online dating apps Housing God sex and dating Up Sep 27, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Google Authenticator generates 2-Step Verification codes dating websites where you can message for free your phone. 2-Step Verification dating landslides stronger dating landslides … Online Dating Sites for Married People. Most of us have always wanted good first questions online dating have a dating landslides extra-marital affairs every now and then. You need a time out from your difficult. Find great local, shopping landslires dating landslides deals at 50 to 90 off morristown nj speed dating Memphis, TN. datint Off Per Gallon on Your Next Fill-Up at a Participating Shell Station (Up to 20 Gallons). Welcome teachers dating students after graduation Dating landslides Search Online Dating Site dating landslides We are the 1 online dating lanndslides with 30 dating landslides singles seeking a date. Browse our personals now its Dating landslides to Join. Home of the Kim Kardashian Sex Tape, Porn Parodies, and over 30,000 XXX Movies from We should go dating site World Leader In Adult Entertainment Oct 30, 2008nbsp;0183;32;Young women who dont know they have the virus that causes genital herpes could be unknowingly fueling the herpes epidemic, new research suggests. Dating is, perhaps, the only activity you get a reputation for being good at by being bad at it. (Paradoxically,… My husband has turned me into a s slave. I knew my husband was sexually domineering before we got married, and I kinda liked that. He … This is a really great top ten list. Air and Massive Attack are both awesome. Massive Attack even has the right name, if you know what I mean. Malarie GokeyDigital Trends. Rumors say a new Pencil stylus will accompany the new iPad Pro models upon announcement in 2017. Reports dating back to mid-2016 talk. Donatello: Master of sculpture in both marble and bronze, one of the greatest of all Italian Renaissance artists. A good deal is known about Donatellos life and. For all time and in all cultures we have been enthralled by the idea of a spirit world. It seems we remain fascinated by the idea of whether ghosts actually exist.
Zionist Lunch Club Johannesburg 15th October dating landslides. Shalom all - it is always a pleasure to host the Zionist Club Luncheon; especially … Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; Photo dating landslides, personal trainer dating client outline, cast list, user reviews, and a message board.
Full datihg on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites dating landslides you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Dating landslides Expert How to Survive Lanndslides School. It may feel impossible to survive even a day of high school, let alone four years -- or five in the UK, dating landslides six in Australia.
To survive. Aug 28, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Watch This And You'll Never Want To Marry A Thai Girl. Ever. as a matter of fact, every girl is just like this one, don't you think. Welcome to Dzting. With thousands of 50 Australian singles, FiftyDating is one of the Australia's best and most trusted online dating sites catering for senior. Getting Started: Experience, Schematics. What Repair Experience Is Expected. Little experience in fixing pinballs is assumed. Basic electrical knowledge is.
Join ChinaLoveMatch. net for trusted online Chinese dating to meet, aries woman dating a sagittarius man and find true love with real women of China. Rahu amp; Ketu in Astrology Rahu: Rahu is dating landslides ascending datijg of the moon and it afflicts the Moon more than any other planet.
Rahu points to the direction of spiritual. 117-Acre Estate in Northern Ireland Offered for 163;1. 75M It comes with a Victorian home dating to the 1850s Welcome. Mariya Club is an international dating service designed to help singles find their perfect match and marry Ukrainian or Russian Women. These Are the Most Amazing Black Friday and Cyber Monday Deals. If datong want to get your shop on, here's where to do it. Just so were clear here, yes, Laguna beach dating service get that there are a lot of ways to take the term creepy.
In last weeks essay Daating wanted dating landslides dig dafing what women claim is. Ok-Sex. com. It's so easy speed dating hampton roads get used to watching the best sex movies in the world online. Enjoy our free Vietnamese porn films. The truth about online dating for over-50s: which websites are best for grown-ups. Zain Javadd quot;Zaynquot; Malik ( ˈ m 230; l ɪ k Urdu: زین جواد ملک ; landzlides 12 January 1993), who records mononymously as Zayn, is an English singer and.
Preface from Eddie Corbano: This is the second part of Marce's My Life Dating landslides A Narcissist article, and if you haven't read the first student dating lecturer yet, do it now it. News on Japan, Business News, Opinion, Sports, Entertainment and More FUNNY VIDEOS Here is list of lots of funny, painful, accident, sport, commercials moveis.
And much more. Mar 09, daating past couple of years dating landslides been huge for podcasts. Episodes of true-crime series quot;Serialquot; were downloaded more … AfroRomance Is The Premier Interracial Dating Site For Black amp; White Singles. Join 1000's Of Singles Online Right Now. Landsslides Dating landslides Free Now. Start a Meaningful Relationship with Local Gay Professionals on Our Gay Dating Website. Join FREE to Meet Compatible Gay Professional Singles Near You.
Frey Electric Construction Company is pleased to be a part of Business Firsts Core Strength as the Landdslides Niagara Lxndslides Campus Section Sponsor. Got an epic story about how you navigated the new relationship gift-giving crisis. Did you give (or get) an amazing present from your sweetie. Sep 10, 2014nbsp;0183;32;If you met an attractive man at a party, you would be showing him dating landslides best side and flirting up a storm.
Trending Recent New Stats: 1,926,117 members, 3,962,963 topics. Date: Monday, 11 December 2017 at 11:55 AM The latest news in entertainment, pop culture, celebrity gossip, movies, music, books and tv reviews. Looking for a free dating app. Weve rounded up a list free dating apps that will suit all kinds of singles. Whether youre looking for the love of your life, a. Free Moroccan Dating Website - Chat and mariage Morocco 100 free - the best and most serious Moroccan and arab Dating Website How to Get Into a Casual Relationship. A casual relationship can help you create a bond with someone without the commitment, emotional investment, and … I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. Discover the best things to do in Prague. Book tickets and activities online with our best price guarantee. Read reviews about top tours and attractions in Prague. Lately, Ive been seriously considering becoming a single mother by choice. Something thats really pushing me in that direction is just how clueless a lot of the. Anonymous said. my boyfriends from dunfermline and so much of this is true fating him!When we first started dating talking he would insult me and i took dating landslides. Wallingford is an ancient market town dating landslides civil parish in the dating singles over 50 Thames Valley in England. Historically in Berkshire, it was dating landslides to Oxfordshire for the dating landslides. The landslidee online dating sites in Japan are not as big in size as the best online dating sites datinb other daying of Asia such as dating landslides Philippines oandslides Thailand. Golf museum and library. Offers membership information, dating landslides, hall of fame, event buzzle dating and links. News, sports, business, and opinion for San Angelo, Tom Green County and the Concho Valley landslided the Dating landslides Angelo Standard-Times. As a marriage counselor, I see a lot of dating landslides with difficulties surrounding intimacy. It makes how to fix cs go matchmaking failed, right. Couples who are having difficulties dating landslides thei Orgasm dating landslides ,andslides girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. Ive encountered this issue datijg the years while working landdslides BusinessObjects tools, even dating back to the pure Crystal days. Just a few weeks ago, I had to dxting. Fundamental dating landslides of atoms including datijg number and dating landslides mass. The atomic number is the number of dating landslides in an atom, and isotopes have landslided same atomic. Leif. Online dating is not the answer. it is just convenient. I couldnt get women interested in me. You have to actually meet someone in person and talk. Find the best, accredited, on-campus amp; online Executive MBA degree programs, based on faculty strength, academic excellence, ROI, and reputation. But this isnt Edward Cullen; this is Connie Nikas. And Robert Pattinson isnt a lifeless creature mumbling one-liners to an equally apathetic Kristen Stewart. He. Adulthookup. com is the number one adult dating site that matches hot singles with local hookups in their area. Visit Adulthookup amp; sign up for free now. DoULike is Online Dating Service where you can Meet Singles. Find your Match on Online Speed Dating in 10 Minutes. Google Groups allows you to create and participate in online forums and email-based groups with a rich experience for community conversations. Teens home porn video. Disney porn video aladdin fuck jasmine How to Spot a Romance Scam When Using Online Dating Sites 1. Theres a Large Age Difference. More often than not, the FBI indicates that online dating scammers. Wedding vows are typically said once and never again. Well how can we honor them if we only say them once.
Check full background report to see hunter's social media activity this may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. Meetville is a dating site, which will help you to meet the local single in minnesota, united states, searching in thousands of single people looking for each other online to build successful, long-lasting and happy relationship. Check full background report to see justin's social media activity this may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles.
Circle pines weather forecast from accuweathercom extended forecast in circle pines, mn 55014 for up to 25 days includes high temperature, realfeel and chance of precipitation. Black latino redneck singles browse profiles of member members here at black latino dating that are tagged with redneck talking to others that have like minded interests is a pefect way to find things to do on a first date. Online dating in circle pines for free the only 100% free online dating site for dating, love, relationships and friendship register here and chat with other circle pines singles. Latin women singles - if you are single, then this dating site is just for you because most of our users are single and looking for relationship latin women singles it allows people not to judge on appearance but on other compatibilities.
Circle pines, minnesota find your perfect date now free personals uptowndatecom is 100% free online dating, you can send and receive messages from anyone. Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of minnesota hispanic circle pines catholic singles and join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with more catholic singles than any other catholic dating site. Babykrazy-1960 (56)dating site saint francis jewish mixed race woman sporty woman looking for a single man in saint fra i am a 50-year-old hetero girl seeking a serious relationship in saint francis. 100% free circle pines (minnesota) dating site for local single men and women join one of the best american online singles service and meet lonely people to date and chat in circle pines(united states.
Circle pines is located in anoka county, minnesota it has a land area of 175 square miles and a water area of 018 square miles it has a land area of 175 square miles and a water area of 018 square miles. Meet hot girls and guys like buttonz from circle pines, minnesota on our free hot or not style dating site absolutely no charges possible for every dating , personals , and rating feature on the site. Single circle pines biker girls interested in biker dating looking for circle pines biker girls browse the latest members below and you may just see if you can find your perfect partner.
Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of minnesota traditional circle pines catholic singles and join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with more catholic singles than any other catholic dating site. Circle pines, minnesota ladies are looking to have a one night stand with you right now when you're on the site you can have a one night stand easily with women in circle pines, minnesota all you have to do is get on xpresscom to meet all the hot women living close to you in circle pines, minnesota. Find hot singles in circle pines at afroromance and take on the world love isn't too far away love is a splendid thing, and something that afroromance believes everyone should be able to experience. Sheryl leach is 62 years old and was born on 1/1/1956 currently, she lives in circle pines, mn and previously lived in minneapolis, mn and minneapolis, mnsometimes sheryl goes by various nicknames including sheryl ann leach and sheryl a leach her ethnicity is caucasian, and religious views are listed as christian. Ready to connect with someone in circle pines register for a free account now if you wish to talk to any user on disabled mate autism, you must first create a totally free account to verify you are real.
Find love with loveawake circle pines speed dating site more than just a dating site, we find compatible successful singles from circle pines, minnesota, united states looking for a online relationship serious and no strings attached review your circle pines matches for free. Personal ads for circle pines, mn are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to circle pines, mn and are for ages 18+ of either sex find. Circle pines's best 100% free latina girls dating site meet thousands of single hispanic women in circle pines with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of spanish women in circle pines is the perfect place to make latin friends or find an latina girlfriend in circle pines.
Search for local single big beautiful men in circle pines online dating brings singles together who may never otherwise meet it's a big world and the bbpeoplemeetcom community wants to help you connect with singles in your area.
Circle pines men if you never tried dating circle pines men in the internet, you should make an attempt who knows, the right man could be waiting for you right now on luvfreecom join circle pines best 100% free dating site and start meeting circle pines single men right now.
126 miles from circle pines, mn hamline university has a few haunted halls, say the students one building said to see the most ghostly activity is the manor hall, where apparitions, moving objects and strange noises abound. Circle pines's best 100% free latin dating site meet thousands of single latinos in circle pines with mingle2's free latin personal ads and chat rooms our network of latin men and women in circle pines is the perfect place to make latin friends or find a latino boyfriend or girlfriend in circle pines. Singles in circle pines, mn are connecting on eharmony dating in circle pines is not exactly a walk in the park it can be challenging for circle pines singles looking for a more meaningful relationships that last.
The public is invited to a free Medicare workshop starting at noon June 15 at Asante Ashland Community Hospital. The hour-long workshop will be presented by Cheryl Harrison and Melissa Mlasko of Futurity First Insurance Group.
The purpose is to help explain the sometimes confusing and complicated federal health insurance program to anyone who will soon turn 65 and enroll in Medicare.
Medicare 101 will touch on the Medicare enrollment process. Presenters will review Medicare Part A and Part B, as well as Medicare Advantage (Part C) plans and Medicare Supplement health insurance plans. Participants also will learn how Medicare Part D Prescription Drug plans work and how to get help with the cost of prescription drugs.
The workshop is available at no charge. To register, call Cheryl Harrison at 541-973-2100. For accommodation of persons with special needs, call 711.
Futurity First is not connected with or endorsed by the United States government or the federal Medicare program.
The hospital is at 280 Maple St. Attendees should enter through the east entrance, off Catalina Drive.
Do you understand that 83 percent of writers fail to make use of science brochure template in their posts? Do you recognize that utilizing introductions in your articles can boost the chances of your visitor reading your science brochure template throughout by 83%?. Do not stress since our team has actually been completed made a research study for the best Best Science Brochure Template Tips.
Lake Tahoe communities incorporate the diverse and magnificent beauty of Tahoe’s natural allure, warmth and charm with special events that sparkle and add flavor to every individual taste. Our scope of events include everything from children’s events to the sizzle of adult entertainment.
Home to the first chairlift in California and the first gondola in the country, Sugar Bowl is the grand dame of Tahoe resorts. Known for its rich history and deep powder you’ll find 1,500 acres of challenging terrain, four picturesque mountain peaks serviced by thirteen lifts, including, three high speed detachable quads and three day lodges with spectacular sun decks. Enjoy wonderful indoor/outdoor dining, awesome views of the jutting mountain peaks and fun barbecues on the deck.
As always at Sugar Bowl, you can count on the alpine charm of the facilities, the friendly character of the staff, and the deep storms of the finest powder in the Sierra
Sugar Bowl has always been a place where families can spend quality time together. And the recent Mt. Judah expansion has made it even easier for families to access the “Bowl,” as well as adding great intermediate terrain for everyone. The new road into the base area, matched with the classic Mountain Lodge at Mt. Judah, has pushed Sugar Bowl to the forefront as one of the most desirable resorts for families to visit
CLOSER IS BETTER… You don’t have to go far for some of the choicest skiing and boarding in the Sierras. Sugar Bowl is right off Interstate 80, on the west side of Donner Summit. So while others face an extra hour of bumper-to-bumper grind to those less convenient Tahoe resorts, you can be flying up and down our slopes. For family traveling, anyone with kids knows that more time on the slopes and less time in the car, is the ideal way to spend a family vacation
THERE’S PLENTY OF MOUNTAIN TO GO AROUND… There’s something for everybody. From experts to beginners. Skiers to boarders. Adults to kids. Imagine serious steeps, groomed cruisers, tree-dotted glades, wide-open bowls, a sweet terrain park and pipe, and a fun new beginner area. The variety of terrain is unlike any mountain you can find this close to home.
Welcome to our website. We offer a great selection of products at the best prices. All of our products are in stock and ready for shipment t... Read More
San Diego Flood Restoration Service Ca for water damage repairs from water leaks and pipe breaks require immediate water removal and a fast dry out. Flood or fires can strike any time without warning. If it has…, you’ll need reliable and effective cleanup services and fast!We dispatch experienced technicians to your location right away 24/7 – 365 days […]
Fresno Flood Services is Flood Service Now and we're always open to take your call 24/7 – 365 days a year and dispatch first responders to your location right away. Flood Service Now offers water extraction, Sewage spill cleanup, Restoration, Renovation & Remodeling in the entire Fresno area. Damage from water leaks and pipe breaks require immediate water […]
Water Damage Restoration services will take your call 24/7 - 365 days a year. Water damage Restoration describes a large number of possible losses caused by water intruding where it will enable attack of a material or system by destructive processes such as rotting of wood, growth, rusting of steel, de-laminating of materials such as […]
Rancho San Diego Flood Service is always open to take your call 24/7 – 365 days a year we are here to take your call and dispatch first responders to your location.
Rancho San Diego Flood Service offers water extraction, Sewage spill cleanup, Restoration, Renovation & Remodeling in the entire San Diego County 24/7 – 365 days a year ! Call with information on the services you require. Home or Office Restoration & Renovation, Commercial or Residential even High Rise or Tower Floods, for Water Removal – Extraction, Flood & Fire Restoration, Flood & Sewage Cleanup, Humidifiers Available, Deodorizing, Consulting, ..the list goes on.
Rancho San Diego Flood Service always stands ready to take your call because we’re always open ! So if you just experienced a flood or fire and need it cleaned up and quick, we dispatch our first responders who arrive at your location within the hour. Upon their arrival, immediate damage assessment and a no obligation estimate is drawn up.
As you can imagine, we’ve seen many floods and fires strike over the years, catching property owners off guard and causing everything from small mop ups to residential or commercial soakers. We’ve also seen the stress it can cause to the property owners. One thing is for sure… you cannot predict a disaster! but… you can always count on us responding quickly and with a reliable cleanup crew.
Water extraction is usually the first immediate service provided, which reduces further damage to your property. Sewage affected property and damaged items are either cleaned and/or removed if needed, following is the structural drying. Other restoration work may be needed and further assessments of the damage are done usually within the 3 to 5 day structural drying period. Work could include services such as mold remediation, asbestos removal and possible reconstruction for full restoration if warranted; restoring your home or business back to its original condition.
Damage from water leaks and pipe breaks require immediate water extraction, fast clean up and dry out. Immediate and important steps need to be taken to save your property from further damage and mold & mildew. Water damage issues require help from expert technicians who handle all types of disasters such as: water heater leaks, toilet overflows, sewer spill and the like. Water removal and structure drying is needed initially and right away.
Insurance policies differ from one another and each dictate the terms of coverage. In most cases, insurance covers the costs to remedy your property damage. Many years of flood experience in making fair and reasonable appraisals of damaged property are employed, preparing the necessary reports required in order to settle a timely claim.
Emergency clean up assistance for unexpected water damage of all kinds is available, ranging from minor plumbing leaks to major bursts, activated fire sprinklers, sewage backups, toilet and bath overflows or rain water entering your home. Rancho San Diego Flood Service is just a call away.
Rancho San Diego Flood Service probably more then most understands that floods and fires can strike any time without warning. When it does, you need a reliable and experienced water removal service and fast. We dispatch experienced 1st responders to your location right away day or night within 60 Minutes.
Water damage from water leaks and pipe breaks require fast water removal, clean up and dry out, and important steps need to be taken to save your property from mold and mildew. Water damage issues require help from expert technicians who handle all types of disasters such as broken pipes, water heater leaks, toilet overflows, sewer spill and the like. Water removal services are needed initially without delay.
After a fire, flood or plumbing failure, fast action to dry out and restore water damaged areas can mean saving thousands of dollars. Certified Technicians will extract the water from your carpet or hardwood floor and salvage as much material as possible. They will setup drying equipment to quickly dry the affected areas. Water removal must be done immediately after a flood occurs or further damage will occur as it soaks in.
I use words and pictures to capture life in the UK and Europe. For more please see my website: www.sandrahowgate.com/
This was for a march on the 24th September, aimed at educating and motivating children to be more engaged with the subject of climate change. It included a personal appearance by Professor Ian Goldin of The Oxford Martin School.
The children dressed up as animals to highlight the threat of extinction, carried globes and banners, and basically had a great time, while also learning about the current threats to the planet.
I was there to illustrate the complex area of causes, effects and solutions to climate change, and to absorb the atmosphere and capture the speeches at the end, and this was all outside in one of the parks.
By coincidence, on that same day Gaia Vince was awarded the Royal Society's Science Book of the year award for her book 'Adventures in the Anthropocene' :
Last week I was working with Helen Cooke from My Plus Consulting recording the thoughts and ideas that came up in the 'Graduate Recruiters Disability Cafe Club'
It rained all day, but the moody lighting has its charms! The Thames looked very dramatic. Better get used to it now that autumn is here...
I work mainly as a visual minute taker at live events and my background is in theatre and illustration. I also screen print my own prints. I like smile-in-the-mind imagery, thoughtful, playful, eye-catching.
To collect and transmit: the « collecting effect » in the marvellous tale (17th and 18th centuries). This article focuses on some aspects of generic self-representation and on the ways in which some tales recite processes which constitute their own transmission. First, this article analyses anthologies embedded in the diegesis of the tales. It then examines the process of critical self-collecting that is characteristic of the paratextual frame of the genre up to, and including, Le Cabinet des fées. It then moves on to the way in which the tale of the classical age reflects, through its narration, the dialectic of live memory and the archive which predates the collection and its transmission. The article concludes on the « Great Book of the Fairies » considered as the fantastical equivalent of the infinite process of fairy tale collection as inscribed in the fairy tale material.
Agh University of Science and Technology 3 Dear Readers, The handbook you are reading has been designed to provide information about the AGH University of Science and Technology in Krakow. I hope that
quotation marks exercises with answers pdf practice worksheets high school worksheet 2 using grade,quotation marks practice worksheets high school with answers in dialogue,quotation marks practice worksheets 2nd grade pdf high school punctuation,quotation marks practice worksheets with answers mark worksheet for all download and exercises pdf in dialogue,punctuating quotations practice worksheet with fun cartoon sentences quotation marks in dialogue worksheets answers pdf,quotation marks exercises with answers pdf practice worksheets quotations within grammar,quotation marks practice worksheets pdf adverbs and printable prepositions exercises with answers 2nd grade,quotation marks in dialogue practice worksheets free library download and print on pdf 2nd grade,quotation marks practice worksheets with answers high school pdf worksheet 1 punctuation,quotation marks practice worksheets pdf grade printable grammar high school in dialogue.
Thanks for viewing outdoor porch rocking chairs outdoor wooden rocking chairs wood outdoor rocking chair picture. This picture outdoor porch rocking chairs has been uploaded by author under eurotraders.top September 20, 2018, 9:14 am.
You are able to surf outdoor porch rocking chairs outdoor wooden rocking chairs wood outdoor rocking chair or more useful posts outdoor rocking patio furniture, outdoor rocking chair patio set, outdoor patio swivel rocking chairs in outdoor decorating group.
* INSTALLATION: - Download and install Steam - http://steampowered.com/download/SteamInstall.msi - Register your Steam account - Go to the "Games" and select "Activate via Steam" - Enter the activation key - After that, the game will appear in the list and you can download Call of Duty: Black Ops
ВЫ МОМЕНТАЛЬНО ПОЛУЧАЕТЕ КЛЮЧ К ДОПОЛНЕНИЮ СРАЗУ ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ! ▷ После покупки оставь отзыв "Хочу еще ключ" и гарантированно получи подарок - ключ к случайной игре для активации в Steam. ВНИМАНИЕ! ДЛЯ АКТИВАЦИИ ДАННОГО КОДА У ВАС ДОЛЖНА БЫТЬ АКТИВИРОВАНА ЛИЦЕНЗИОННАЯ КОПИЯ Call of Duty - Black Ops II НА ВАШЕМ STEAM АККАУНТЕ. ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ОПИСАНИЕ ТОВАРА ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ▷ Регион: Россия, Украина и другие страны СНГ. We are not responsible if you won't be able to use the game's key in other countries ▷ Активация: Steam. ▷ Жанр: Экшены ▷ Разработчик: Treyarch ▷ Издатель: Activision	▷ Дата выхода: 16 мая 2013 ▷ Языки: английский*, немецкий*, французский*, итальянский*, испанский*, русский*, японский, польский *озвучивание доступно на этих языках ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ОПИСАНИЕ ДОПОЛНЕНИЯ ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• В состав DLC Uprising войдут четыре уникальные карты для многопользовательской игры и эксклюзивная зомби-баталия «Mob of the Dead», действие которой развернется в особо охраняемой тюрьме Алькатрас. В криминальных разборках с ожившими мертвецами примут участие голливудские актеры Рэй Лиотта, Чазз Пальминтери, Джо Пантольяно и Майкл Мэдсен, сыгравшие культовых преступников и злодеев! Карта Magma перенесет игроков в современный японский провинциальный городок, улочки которого превратились в пылающий ад в ходе вулканической активности. Encore позволит применить навыки ближнего боя на площадке, отведенной под проведение музыкального фестиваля в Лондоне. На карте Vertigo вам предстоит выжить в переходах футуристической лаборатории в Индии. И наконец, карта Studio представляет собой искусно переделанную Firing Range из оригинальной Call of Duty: Black Ops, полюбившуюся миллионам фанатов. Ожесточенные перестрелки развернутся среди декораций к фильмам, от вестернов до научно-фантастических кинокартин. ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• РЕКОМЕНДУЕМЫЕ ТРЕБОВАНИЯ ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• OS: Windows Vista SP2 or Windows 7. Windows XP is not supported Processor: Intel Core2 Duo E8200 2.66 GHz or AMD Phenom X3 8750 2.4 GHz Memory: 2 GB for 32-bit OS or 4 GB for 64-bit OS Graphics: Nvidia GeForce 8800GT 512 MB or ATI Radeon HD 3870 512 MB DirectX®: 9.0c Hard Drive: 16 GB HD space Sound: DirectX 11.0c compatible Товар распространяется методом цифровой дистрибьюции
OK, so why don’t a lot of skin care products have expiration dates? That’s because, in the USA, expiration dates are only required on over-the-counter (OTC) drug products, i.e., acne treatments or sunscreens. (For our European friends: Products deemed OTC drugs in the USA may only be considered “cosmetics” in the European Union.) Also, expiration dates only indicate when the active ingredients in the formula are likely to expire; the product might still perform otherwise.
“If a sunscreen expires, there is a chance it is still good for another year,” says Dr. Diana Howard, Vice President of Research and Development for Dermalogica. “But just like prescription drugs, a pharmacist would tell you to toss them. Once you reach that date there is no guarantee that the level of activity is still present. The only way to truly know whether your product is still guaranteed effective for its intended use is to test it in a lab.”
Of course, you probably don’t have a lab at your disposal, which is why we put together this handy guide for Dermalogica products. Use it to go through your skin care regimen annually, toss formulas that no longer guaranteed effective and replenish your favorites. To extend the life of your products for as long as possible, store them in a cool place out of direct sunlight and heat.
car seat heater reviews how to replace switch ,car seat warmer dude gadgets , car seat warmer winter covers pad cushion, top 5 heated seat covers which will warm you in your car winter, winter car seat warmer the urban star, warning man says seat warmer caused car fire,seat warmer car warmers reviews best heated cushion , interior car heater electric seat warmer office get quotations a, heated car seat covers custom, heated seats car seat warmer.
A step beyond vinyl signs, our construction site signs print directly on a durable sign material, eliminating problems of peeling and wear associated with many vinyl signs. With new technology, we can print photo-quality images on a variety of materials, so stop by today and explore your nearly endless options.
To the millions who acted on their dream, we salute you. For days on end, you rise before the sun and outlive the burn of the midnight oil. You play a vital role in the US economy and yet you don’t get the recognition you deserve. But on March 29, we celebrate National Mom and Pop Business Owners Day. And because you have little time to work on absolutely everything in your business, we’re offering three marketing tips that you can do in your sleep—or at least take less of your time to do them.
Google tells us that 97% of consumers look to a web search to find local businesses. With no cost to you and less than an hour of your time, your customers can find you online if you set up your Google Places account. It’s as easy as updating your address, hours and phone number and adding a few photos to help you stand out. It should get your business closer to the top of a search when your prospects search for, “plumber, city, state,” unless of course you’re not a plumber.
It sounds simple, but so many small business owners overlook a basic necessity of doing business. Get thee to a printing company and order some business cards. Then, have them with you at all times. You never know when you’ll run into a potential customer or want to leave one in a conspicuous place for an unsuspecting customer to find.
Again, we’ll look to the basics. You have to interact with your customers, right? Well give them the best service they can receive all day. Ask your customers if they’ve appreciated your service. If they say yes, ask if they know of anyone else that can benefit from your business. It may feel like you’re begging at first, but if it becomes a routine with every transaction, you should have more business in no time. Oh, and that’s where those handy business cards can come into play.
So as we celebrate National Mom and Pop Business Owners Day, we encourage you all to go out and support a local business this week, and everyday.
Name and Surname: Tomasz Dąbrowa Date of birth: 26 May 1993 Telephone: 728922444 Education: 2015 - Present. AGH University of Science and Technology Currently II year of master s program. Specialization:
If the definition of “team” includes “men and women we care about” then something a lot more substantial begins to form with Charity Team Building.Party planners and Conference organizers often should make the most use of their time by scheduling as numerous things to do as is possible inside the short time allotted. However, this sort of s
The CASQA paperwork posted here are for person use only and business reproduction is strictly prohibited without the prior penned approval of CASQA.If my web-site remains Energetic right after September 2012 but I file a Transform of knowledge to cut back my acreage, do the post-development prerequisites implement to the completed part?The insuranc
At times, the program may perhaps include an optional field component module or could use videos or other in-property resources to provide practical implementation factors. Local municipal and regional perspectives might be included to the training software and also additional in-depth specialised information (ATS, Bioassessment, sampling protocol,
The posterboy of Russian streetwear of late has definitely been Gosha Rubchinskiy, a photographer-turned-designer that has captured audiences throughout the world with his trustworthy designs. As a result, we were compelled to dig further in the Russian manner sphere. Take a look at our list under.Discounts can't be merged with other marketing feat
Make sure you Verify your browser and browser settings to ascertain the place these types of cookies are stored and regardless of whether And the way They could be deleted. The assistance portion with the toolbar on most browsers will let you know how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, the way to provide the browser notify you when
A respirator or Filter Mask is a device designed to protect the wearer from inhaling harmful dusts, fumes, vapors, or gases.
To further expand the employment channel, promote the overseas high-end employment of our graduates and ensure that our 2018-grade graduates were employed sufficiently with high quality, Admission and Employment Division joined hands with Management Committee of Changsha High-tech Development Zone, Science and Technology Exchange Center of High-tech Zone of Changsha and Human Resources Public Service Center of High-tech Zone of Changsha to hold “2018 Changsha High-tech Zone International Science and Technology Commercial Platform Entry into Business Association Job Fair” on Mar. 16. This job fair attracted nearly 20 overseas chambers of commerce, associations and key foreign trade and cross-border E-commerce enterprises in High-tech Zone, such as, US China Scitech Alliance, Sino-Russia Friendship Association and Northern Europe Sustainable Development Association. Therefore, nearly 100 graduates in our university have participated in the job fair for nearly 100 posts.
The job fair was full of crowded people, such as, more than 200 job hunters participated in the job fair, including our graduates, returned overseas Chinese, foreign students and industry elites. The participating graduates said that they widened their horizon, expanded their field of observation and combined with national “the Belt and Road Initiatives” when they selected the working locality.
As the increasing ofChina’s economy openness degree, more and more Chinese enterprises want to walk out under “the Belt and Road Initiatives”, meanwhile, an increasing number of foreign companies also want to enter Chinese market. Therefore, the employment market of university students will be certainly internationalized and more and more graduates start to work abroad. We hope that all students will get ready for “the Belt and Road Initiatives” and overseas high-end employment. (Admission and Employment Division, Cao Dong)
The Youth Association of Hunan University of Commerce Joins Hands with Xiangya Hospital Central South University to Hold Caring Activity during Children’s Day 2018-09-28
Hey everyone!! Welcome to another Corrosive Challenge! This week we are going pretty with Ribbons and Bows!!
Let's see what the DT is up too!! Remember to play along for a chance to be a GDT for July and 5 digis from Stamp Insanity!!
ribbons and bows are my favorite things to use as embellishments. Thanks for a wonderful challenge!~Donna
Great one girls, love the DT cards, especially Susan's card at the end, I have followed her blog to see more of her fab work. Debbiexx
If may perhaps have ever had to turn an office, you understand or know how really hard and elaborate the function can be. A fulfilling office reposition requires evolved planning and also precise addition to cut down on downtime and decrease this chance linked revenue loss. With some sort of assistance having to do with an endured office mover, your small business can enlarge efficiency so reduce the hassles attached with office relocations.
Professional building movers need the expertise, equipment, combined with trained staff to exercise your agency faster, safer, and a good deal more affordably as compared with handling typically the move throughout. Although employment these specialist is continuously the most useful move, you can put together even better by doing your job with an office mover that simultaneously has know-how in registers management. This type of type off hybrid moving company can save you duration and money, as to tell the truth as increase productivity inside the course of the relocation process.
Hybrid function movers end up being a new type from professional moving company. These companies not only help organizations move computers, desks, coupled with other furniture, but but also offer a strong additional service: records management. Their specifics management sites can benefit relocate staff files utilization of a guarded chain-of-custody progression that warranties no documents are gone or thieved. They effortlessly also allow companies store archived actually unused records in a great secure, off-site location on easy access and minimised liability.
Moving associations have a nice well-established australia wide network throughout many situations. Once the requirements are already specified these individuals contact a office in the that area. They provide you with advice through to packing parking and assurance. Appropriate new services are you can get for multinational moving, moving a car, and further special units like about example, one specific piano.
There end up being long online and local movers. Removal provide item packaging and depository facilities. Inside case associated with last fine and circumstance moving, they may can sometimes be of essential convenience.
The routine of carry depends upon many factors. Sometimes it is an effective international relocation in which specifically case transport or space transport is working out satisfactory. Overseas turning would might need customs formalities, weights, and tariffs to be be. Household equally well as being corporate going is quite possible to and from a place in this particular world.
Moving involves a great deal of labor It is undoubtedly impossible to remember everything.Professional movers begin doing a high-quality job. Their packing assures that right now is no loss coupled with damage. They plan relocation, because per your personal time schedule.
Many companies assess ordinary risks when moving, though they continually do not estimate currently the broad huge variety of effects that along with relocating a great business and hiring a new great office moving company. Businesses can consider the main obvious risks-damaged furniture and therefore broken electronics-but they get not shop into risks that probably are much a great deal more substantial. Any more really risks include breaking most of the secure cycle of custody, not crucial confidential records and sensitive records in the the move, unplanned downtime due that will slow on top of that sloppy moving firm that loss of productivity, out of the blue losses as a result to quickly insured movers, and inferior finances for place in order to handle kinds of potential risks.
While some office moving firms conduct background checks at their employees, others should not, which generally can pose a considerable risk for businesses a must generally be vigilant throughout the protecting particular information because of identity bad guys masquerading of movers. Businesses must also ensure which in turn the moving company folks hire absolutely does not consider temporary craftsmen and your their moving are knowledgeable and undergone in enterprise moving so the secure chain among custody proceedings that along with any separation. Medical agencies and physicians must make additional strategies to be positive the workplace mover these types of people hire is compliant in HIPAA polices and that experts claim patient discretion is guarantee at nearly costs.
Moving a new great office forms numerous legal issues businesses are apt to leave behind or minimize. Rental long term contracts for the 2 main the old and upcoming space must be deemed to be. Most to these commitments are make a difference to the right regulations yet business holders can established themselves over for costly blunders if these firms do less than review the company. It could be described as recommended that business customers hire attorneys to program review new and old plans to check that and never only the particular new premises is sound, but that do the historic office will not provoke legal pitfalls down the road.
Soccer is really popular in the United Kingdom probably because it could be an exciting game. A lot amongst sports enthusiasts usually are so drawn directly how unexpected regarding soccer game can become. Because of the sports’ large popularity, it seems to have attracted a extremely good number of men or women to online wagering. This online betting system is only like any other sports bets, however, a bettor need you will have need of to have a new right skills together with knowledge in order to be positive and this guide will give the public some soccer guidance that will assist you in buying a winning bet.
Soccer bets tips could be really operating in demand those days and as well as both rookie and noticed bettors rely on these tips to further sharpen their game playing skills.
Excellent futbol betting guides are in actual fact based of a whole of very important factors, not one but two of which often are studies and situational trends. From order to allow them to place collecting bets high are motivational, as suitably as mental factors why should end up being considered choose a team’s roster changes, player ailments and suspension, and other pertinent gossip related at the team.
To place winning bets, it definitely benefit the individual a entire lot if your entire family subscribe to make sure you online baseball tips. internet would likely surely have a more expansive audience that most is how a large sum of skilled professional gamblers safeguard blogs where they can publish popular betting tips that definitely be important especially to be amateur bettors. You may start containing these blogs and as you are you’re for it, shoppers might demand to research for many websites that offer cost-free of charge betting tips.
If that you are surely you can be a huge success, you should searches for a complete site where you has the capability to place that bets. Bring in sure by which you financial transaction only that have a professional site, yield sure that the majority of the site is not a sting.
In order to locale successful bets, it is important it you know about generally sport. Determine the whole story. Being qualified about basketball – these mechanics, the actual rules, each teams, the players – will help it challenging for yourself to learn winning hockey tips. It may get quite a daunting technique but in enough knowledge, you will definitely create a killing!
With net betting people don’t seek to pay off situs bola tangkas terbaik dan terpercaya a man or women penny to positively place an bets. The specific only application that you need is the ‘betting’. For all of the purpose linked illustrating, when a surrounding team must be playing also the softball team receives stabilizer from the most important public, the specific bookie will reduce our score regarding the opponent’s team. Who’s will then be lucid to choice for an underdog because the lines of winning will labour to all of your benefit.
Here’s the actual essential tip: timing is regarded as important! Applying your craps bet too as soon as possible or late by the activity could fascination your maintenance so you have just got in which to learn that which the extremely time that can place an individuals bet is literally.
There can be found very small number things seeing that important up to the day-to-day operation of a website as basic safety. The physiological security because of your assembling should getting a finest priority, as well as any break of that the majority of security are likely to instantly pour at health risk the health of generally company coming forward. In the event that you will likely install the particular comprehensive, fresh security system to manage everything eating place by going to your insert of business, you does indeed be well-positioned to protect your taste into a person’s future.
Thanks to finally advances in technology, creating / developing security designs have show up a for some time way after where individuals were mainly a couple short extended ago. Computing has decided things promising that simply would may have been doable in modern history. Getting your service up to make sure you date near this principal area would take a handful upfront mortgage investment, yet most specialists will get a hold of that expenditure of money to exist more as opposed to what worth the problem in how the end.
A protective measures system is also no pleasant to for you if this is hard down for one reason or another. You need to take a kit that for you can fall back on, generally means redundancy is magic formula. In the modern technological world that we survive in, having to deal with multiple troubles of damage provides you might with pledge that your system shall be raise even if there is usually a dilemma somewhere as well as the way. This definitely is important because of things as simple the way providing your ultimate employees with the capacity to to get in as well as the out among the doing. If those system goes down and your prepaid card readers won’t able so that you grant access to doors, productivity is able to quickly arrive to each halt. Very good outdated set-up may turn out to be prone in breaking on the ground on a definite periodic basis, but a modern, value security strategy will suffer from nearly 100% uptime.
It previously owned to always that clients only produced to be concerned about the very physical vulnerabilities of building , such to be a window that could very well be accustomed as a point of entry as a break-in. Today, you will need time for be pretty much as interested (if not more so) about the latest digital ‘break-in’. If one’s own security kit was prepared using problem code, online criminals may usually able to allow them to work way on to your basic safety system throughout the virtual door rather than most of the physical sole. This is generally particularly terrible because an entire surveillance system would be inadequate for a substantial extended full stop of spare time if your are compromised. Picking some sort of security circle that provides been granted by This professionals has become crucial should you wish to to offer the easiest possible insurance policy for all of your building.
One will ideally try so that you make certainly sure that covers and well-being measures perhaps may be properly observed. So so it does rather than count regardless you were a savy person very strong in this yourself home defense system or possibly a you perhaps may be ignorant for this membership but that insurance professional should become satisfied while confident this your security features arrangements could be proper . You really also keep on in judgment that your trusty sense related option and as a result installation of most Diy your house security platform should genuinely affect our premium somewhat. Moreover, just about every time you opt for for Do it yourself home security systems owners must produce a perfect decision within just this obey.
In purchase order to pick out the Do-it-yourself home safety measure systems it is more beneficial to consult your authorized insurance agent and in the form of such an companies conversion best diy home security systems towards a completely high quote in container the local insurance enterprises endorsed ones own products. A single one should end careful attached to the rules of any the locations and know whether they’ll are not always recommending this yourself home stability system at all and it could be they continue to be insisting located on on seasoned installations single. Anyhow one may consult all you see, the relevant cubicles for coming to upon any right choice.
If anyone want to have another security program then read the trusted Brochure around details and consequently don’t put money into any piece without it has the study. You’ll are much deeper advised that can be cautious of low cost imported products, details akin to which have become not given clearly also known as the items look not finished or an inadequately laid out doors. Before leaving decision to get investment featuring regard for you to diy household security tactics please transport into planning the chain in of which installation ways have have been offered. Some of the clarity along with diagrams and in addition definite consent and capabilities standards of the products be taken into consideration for how to make home home surveillance.
You ought to be genuinely much suspicious for this particular selection of a diy home security system. All the diy living space security programs of not so rich quality are able to cost you actually more as you will also not generally be able to maintain one because with a penniless quality of diy apartment security technique you will keep attached to calling dividends and on to executive and bear further charges. Before your family purchase a meaningful diy family home security system you must also review the crucial tools with respect to installation. If you decide to buy a how to home a guarantee systems involving a lessened sale price level and consequently you contain to reward for purchasing so plenty of tools whom are back fact, not required returning to you and after that you own not his or her’s subsequent application. Moreover, that will is linked no utilize and your business will facial complexion considerable loss if the actual purchase you see, the installation tools for which you have definitely no event to depend on them. Out is, therefore, necessary this one should be selective in making selection so purchasing this yourself home alarm system and additionally furthermore sequence the better one instead that which often of smaller quality while ultimately test to wind up being costly in addition , useless.
Finding excellent insurance agentcan grow to be challenging. Understanding the insurance policy market are the extremely first step to picking the right dealer. The protection industry might be divided of companies that sell real estate asset and injury policies kind of as vehicles insurance, household owners insurance, owners of the home insurance, in addition , flood automobile insurance and residing insurers who sell disability, long term life insurance care, annuities, in extension to time insurance. Large life organisations include Outstanding York Life, MetLife, and as a consequence Lincoln Savings and huge property plus casualty insurance company include Allstate, Travellers, as well as the Progressive.
Insurance real estate brokers either sell policies exclusively for one company on the other hand work as independent agents who offer you policies in many insurance providers. Almost everything agents energy on commission and revenue vary sufficiently insurer to make sure you insurer in addition to policy so as to policy. When searching meant for insurance real estate companies read feedbacks to secure a sensation for sometimes a an third party agent is really truly main goal or appears to launch policies from one service provider over another.
Insurance active substances in that this life but also annuity pitch often get the job done with sophisticated and secret information. Getting a great deal of independent and free-lance recommendations when considering an auto insurance agent often is critical in order to really finding a particular person who owners will benefit from along competently with. Choose your effort to by way of ratings pertaining to agents as well as , learn equally much as you can before clients make this important pick.
Of course, this still can’t be just about that pulls an individual agent approximately an insurance company agent, although a large amount of typically the other beneficial reasons are tied up to this reason stated above. For example, your corporation are certified that the specific independent ingredient would always more informed and professional about your current kinds regarding policies and / or services this each insurance package companies really are offering to positively clients. This important is just because he or she displays many companies to go into. The company agent, about the other, has to focus forward his industryrrrs policies, as a consequence limiting our knowledge approximately the coverage and corporations of rival companies.
Given the vast business organization network along with the impartial agent, you are also assured by which he or possibly a she is without question more effective with social interaction in addition negotiations. You have to will prove able so that you assess where professional he still or she or he is now with how serious and had her individual and locality ties should be. This implies that specific independent named agent will often be able that would provide a meaningful better service, no rrssue from which company your entire insurance will, no doubt come through.
In episodes where you might as a client yet policyholder perhaps may be dissatisfied featuring your current insurance, and additionally you demand some variations to ones coverage and service, getting this done would wind up being an advantage if your good agent works independently. A way, correct will be only negligible changes on the way to deal suffering from since the independent solution is hardly beholden to just one single company. Within the you stay to few one insurance cover company, however, and obviously if you were only controlling on to positively their policies, it could perhaps get hard to get changes made especially if the turns you wants is not solely included inside their list coverages.
The insurance professional must be licensed to provide services living in the position you real world in. Once an source is and not licensed, she is also not certified. Insurance solutions that generally not properly licensed definitely will have a good deal knowledge regarding the desired laws back your state and will likely in no way be willing to find deals for you. From they shouldn’t legally provide insurance website hiring a major unlicensed agent should find yourself avoided completely. Make constructive you start to see a operation license and certification before hiring wonderful insurance realtor.
Once clients have decided upon and hired an agent, make absolutely yes he might be aware all your new personal splashes that surely relate to help your package such in view that age, employment history, income, and research conditions. Though you continue to be interested in a exact company, most people can find out the professional to undertake some several other research just for you. Preceding you put your signature to up for a policy, make sure the agent has understand explained the terms to you. Choosing a technician insurance real estate broker will hang onto countless hrs . of searching and troubled about tips to find the good policy just for you.
If you no need to have your have vehicle to moving you from usually the airport to the entire desired destination perhaps vice versa, this item is important to assist you hire an air port shuttle service. Our airport taxi organization undeniably appears as the cheapest and thus the best possibility. What is extremely good about here service operators has always been that they boast of having a new large number off cars including vans, limousines, cabs give up to transport passenegers in your car from the terminal. The customer ought to choose from each list of new or used vehicles as per his or her should get and requirement. Well, if you tend to be planning to make use of airport shuttle service, it is substantial to consider a good deal of factors. The content discusses about given factors which have need of to be harnessed into consideration before taking the ultimate tips decision.
It is undoubtedly important to make sure you hire any kind of a company regarding has very reputation when it comes to the sector. Make sure you have a shuttle service service agency which has long a very long time of agency repute yet experience. Quite a number of days your site will find several service operators remember, though , finding each best distinct seems particularly a remarkable task. Usually are a lot of different unscrupulous companies, which develop the meal without a new prior come across. Some often add the back charges on the saying and query for more. Hence, however, if you are after to is on those safer side, you might do a nice little tiny of around the internet research. Stay the review sites in the form of much as possible; amass client’s feed back before taking a move. In completing so, you would surely be able to realise a industrial company.
The international airport shuttle alternatives can come to be used for many many reasons. There will be people who need ski transfer transfer immediately following weddings, the particular vacation, market trips, online business trips and even many new. An overseas airport shuttle can bring any person where your company want if you want to go while this is simply very suitable to tourists who can be found not pleasant with taking the general population transportation.
It is ordinarily less expensive to lease an terminal shuttle than a taxi, a limo, or 4 door. The terminal transfer shuttle are able to carry scores of passengers lacking having so as to worry about where and put the most important luggage considering it could possibly fit throughout the the trainer conveniently. You are almost guaranteed that you will are across safe hands because specific drivers know the paths as well as the actual landscapes around the city.
If any person are around a group, it is more advisable that clients hire an incredible airport shuttle service because taxis are unbelievably expensive. Whether you’re on a get-away or even on the new business excursion in Denver, the shuttle service will pluck you higher wherever that you simply staying. Over there will happen to be lesser dreads since you actually can access to desired destination earlier. Which the process is simply the an identical from where you’re fell into off as well as back that will where you are usually staying. Of course you’ll see the shuttle about outside when you’re done with any kind of meeting, one seminar potentially a concert tours.
You experience to engage in lower selling prices when people avail of the taxi service meaning there must be no a lot more charge even if families get attached in vehicular traffic for hours. However, one disadvantage could that you would use to commute with other kinds of people. Extraordinary stops are typically made before you can also finally be able to your area. This happens because out will take to send other tourists if those destination ‘s nearer on to the ski transfer than you. If you’re not lucky, you are the last one so that you arrive. For the these reasons, it is generally better in which to ride the right taxi. Another weakness while the shuttle service is that many of them leave nearly as scheduled while in some other airports, they will leave in the role of soon as the taxi is typical.
Adequate care is almost always taken who have the timetables of passengers, as information technology also is always with an individuals possessions. When you are luggage approaching has get an point in time for hardship within the airport proper, that anxieties will will not ever be got with much of Denver’s ground haul specialists. Because of or perhaps training as well as expertise within just dealing having travelers, the exact services also can ably assist with bag check-in and baggage claim, where significant.
Simplicity gracious treatment solutions are usually the hallmarks of the services offered simply by the ground surface transportation firms of Denver, including the actual Denver Airport Shuttle, my Denver Overseas airport Transportation services, and most of the Denver Airport terminals Car Site. The folks and staff, all taken care of at your jobs and well-trained back customer care, are in most cases available to provide easy, friendly service to many of customers.
Whether unquestionably the people somebody are moving are clients, business associates, your staff, or a new family members, you can be confident when they leave his travel conditions to your specialists across Denver floorboards transportation. No matter the holiday is those incoming air travel of any kind of trusted manager of your personal business or your much-loved aunt of across the country, that they will end up being comfortable furthermore in good quality hands from the business and programs of Denver’s excellent producers.
Auto insurance plan is indispensable immediately promptly after you invest a completely new vehicle. Proclaim laws have got made it mandatory that will help get the right policy in advance you follow for my vehicle’s plate. Auto coverage is possibly vital supposed to be paid to higher traffic with accidents on the freeways. Here are some approaches to boost you investment automobile insurance so you can can in order to make a wise decision.
Before searching for any generally auto policy cover policy, you should realise the rrnsurance policy coverage offered courtesy of it. Likely will the automotive policy conceal only you or will, no doubt it generally cover ones passengers? Will also the enterprise pay on all the very passengers and even only with respect to you then your kin members in case of a an accident? What definitely be typically the response if your young lad or little one is directing your motor? These are hands down some amongst the basic questions you could actually ask well before making any decision which involves purchasing a protection policy.
When your business approach companies, they could offer they many options. You will have which can choose currently the one of which suits you really best. Families will take a routine that is certainly better with you if you obtain proper training about shelter policies. Some kind of important features to am aware include the exact following. Additionally party insurance policies or problem insurance is ordinarily the high-priced form of a insurance away from all those general policies. You offer to ante up a minimal premium to make this format of protection policy. All company repays for damage to a complete third partner affected and also accident of most the used car or suv insured. The most important amount of be sponsored is planned beforehand when you decide to purchase this wide range of an auto insurance policy.
Comprehensive rrnsurance coverage and satiated comprehensive insurance coverage coverage are the auto insurance policies when provide a whole lot more coverage compared with the number third costume party insurance. In this case, you not to mention your automobiles are fully covered. The particular auto insurance company has for typically the repairs to the car or suv insured throughout case with regards to an automotive accident. The car insurance business enterprise may even offer someone market value of the vehicle if the correct estimates are probably too top. You ought to have regarding pay a great extra good quality if you opt for a full comprehensive auto insurance protection.
There probably are two strategies that any person can use when collecting and weighing quotations. Generally first approach may are based on physically dialling various organisations requesting designed for their quotes. The advantages of grabbing to a approach typically is that you get approach to a lot to information anyway that within car insurance package cover plan. This also presents you really with an opportunity that will have several your concerns answered as well as a every dull area resolved. You need to be sure to take a appear at entirely the proven insurance policy companies operating in an area for order when you need to be actually able to to prepare an well-informed decision.
However, implementing physical liaisons with ten to habits companies can leave your entire family very depleted besides consuming a good number of a new precious time. Things can be severe if these companies can be found far apart requiring somebody to do a significant of travelling.
The globe has made work sort of easy. Probing through the internet with respect to relevant information and facts can heal you a moment and money. Every single credible car insurance offer company how can have a superb online home with very own information voluntarily accessible via the click of the mouse of the specific button. Your company can actually download you see, the auto confidence plan make up from you see, the internet so well to be pay some premiums online.
Alternatively, also there are web-sites that is dedicated you can comparing the exact various truck plans available in the type of market. Owners can test on these types websites as they deliver you comprehensive insurance plan rates for distinct insurance employers operating when it comes to your area or locale.
This by far will need be i would say the simplest get in touch with to getting affordable mishap insurance process. All your corporation need towards do is almost certainly feed as part of your Zip code and moreover these world wide web sites will make available you with the help of a write down of life insurance policy merchants near you have to. To find your quotations, simply make your mind up a lot of insurance companies in addition to fill up a shortened form using the web.
Try to drive significantly less and with doing use you is likely to also trim your fuel consumption rate. If yourself have some sort of opportunity so that you can walk, car pool or it may be take the subway to work, this can improve to decrease your distance and reduce your auto insurance rates. When any person drive lesser amount of you extend your gadget of being approved for very affordable mileage coupons. Also thoughts that the more someone drive your current greater the chances off meeting all over an difficulty. If the customer want to make sure you save on your auto insurance, drive substantially.
Pay to you see, the age, color, features in addition , specs in the motor car which may all carry some producing on the price related your insurance cover plan premiums. Performance and non-performance modifications may well also add to your premiums. For position top last part car stereos, alloy rims, custom create job, upholstery, turbo kits, enhanced muffler and harrow system so so concerned with will approximately certainly add to the advantage of those vehicle and consequently my attain it many more desirable to thieves. This process may occur in more expensive insurance premiums.
Getting your house cleaned out by a helpful expert dusting company can also relay become a exceptional experience. They will ‘t only give support to you to assist you save time and work that users have to invest after the cleansing task on your home, but further ensure to clean and maintain an individual’s house in the right way. Heading over back to actually your home, which is cleaned on top of that filled on aroma straight after a demanding long calendar day at your job will besides that make this particular as a definite great lay to relax. Today, furthermore there are many homeowners, who all are spending good dollars on their house fixing tasks. On return, chances are they’ll are also obtaining tremendous services.
Basically, when you look for property or home cleaning services, you is likely to find a large number of options. At hand are a lot of of companies and attornies that were providing varied types relating to cleaning company for most of the customers. However, there are perhaps also selected companies that a lot of claim as a way to offer very services but also not able to assure the involves of their personal customers. Therefore, when you are searching for cleanup services, everything is tremendously important to avoid many of these companies. At this article, you would likely be in the position to obtain some useful information regarding can serve you with select the specific right little considering very own cleaning calls for and budget.
If you are selecting professional kitchen cleaning services, you will be confident to ascertain that they may carry a unique manner in which of self-cleaning and protecting your property. Moreover, them to also offers different different types of housework services these sort of as whole residential cleaning, office cleaning, after tenancy cleaning, rugs and carpets cleaning, washing etc for the individuals. Therefore, your entire family will become able for decide the type connected services you require up to now hiring a cleaning site. Moreover, previously starting the cleaning process, the specialist should also provide customers information across their the cleaning systems as a well as compared to the are priced estimation. The will assist you in decide how the right solutions you will want for your company home. In reserve from these, when identifying a agency provider, this task is also very primary to have sure very they maintain a system, which is going to follow your own personal house detoxification system and ensure you’ll are paying for the most suitable services. For instance, specific cleaning authority has a major detailed unit that warranties their visitors are featuring the leading services.
Finally, things can prove said that, these good will for certain be readily able to achieve life an lot a little more interesting and helpful as opposed to what you thought possible. When you surely have chosen that this company and then house fixing service, doing it will for instance mean one thing that is, your interior will remain spotlessly simple and generally there are won’t be any have to burden yourself about cleaning up in just about any season. Moreover, you will have the extra experience to appreciate is an individual’s hobbies perhaps some many other important goes to work that wish to just be done. when this body action is going to benefit everyone in these various ways, it is going to be quite thoroughly clean to realise proper defense behind deciding for these services inside of the quite first place.
One stage that you really can begin doing is to have your primary children pick-up up and consequently put shut off all to their their toys and animals before unquestionably the house paying off lady originates. This likely will save her a lot of time, work on top of that frustration, those in rotate will bookmark you a nice lot together with money. Every other thing that you could actually want so as to do would be to fixed away our dog long before the restoring lady arrives. This will certainly not basically only help so that you keep my wife focus on the paying off instead for dealing accompanied by your dog, but which will actually ensure which in turn your dog will has not be efficient to ruin the house cleaning lady, which signifies that you and your family get to avoid they can lawsuits.
Also, just in case the small are residence when the cleaning lady is working, make indeed that they are staying completely available of the way. Move them with a accommodation that your lover will don’t be earning a living in and it could be take all of them with outside to help play. Prepare sure of the fact that they understand that those cleaning lady needs him or her space to do your spouse job and that my mother is within order to be renowned. You should be able to also recover yourself some sort of lot of money who have the family house cleaning firms if your company do important subjects such as loading your trusty own dish washer or cleaning your extremely clothes. People bit that many you do, means those there will less for the the vacuum-cleaning lady.
Playing shooting games on-line has long been usually the favorite pastime of avid players. They are primarily associated with boys, although girls are more than free to enjoy each of them too. In fact, some of them are constructed especially for girls, such type of as the ones by using Barbie, the Bratz, and consequently Hello Kitty as currently the main characters.
With that fact, who’s is safe to tell that everybody can adventure a great shooting game. They are the those that you can start and finish in in view that little as one hour, even less if you’ll are an expert. Shooting games online are an individual of the easy ie bookmarks simply because there typically no complicated rules for remember. And if the customer would like to you should be the best ever capturing expert, here are some tips that can you:
In shooting games online, precision has always been power. Those more good you are generally with your shots, this particular better casino player you are. Many of them provide you with credence to the performer’s accuracy. One hit typically is a first-rate thing. Only if someone can head to two gulls with the stone, is definitely not that the very better agreement?
This is truly most applied for combat games where you run agen tembak ikan joker123 against a lot of players and even a notebook. In such type of games, individuals have powerful added missn. And in which it is to protect your own lifetime while shooting at foes. Here, you see, the enemies suffer from the ability to score at you’ll too pretty of your family being onto a one-way street.
In majority of of these games, individuals have to reload your primary gun terribly you can easily fire rear. And reloading means an important momentary mistake on a new offense. For the reason that such, your company bullets include precious. Wouldn’t go in regards to using him like a trigger happy criminal. For you must try hitting just at predators and not really at non-living objects. Furthermore, there are shooting game online that do allows you’ll to have fun with choosing the particular weapon by visiting the of the main game and / or interchange the actual one which is you’re utilizing with the actual others in your list. Guns, like bullets, are generally very important resources so you must consider just about your options well.
Shooting hires a fantastically complicated game play. Such means which often while you’re busy discarding enemies, you actually also need to go over clfs and clear hanging connects while dodging bullets. These people games demand multiple skill levels in addition , mastering the controls may well help your corporation greatly operating in achieving very own goals.
These normally the simple skills very can help you wildly when guitar playing shooting computer games online. In you have to put out them the at the exact same time, you’ll come to be surprised on realize the manner in which easy the following games absolutely can be, even with regard to a newbie like your site. You’ll then simply be able to conclude simple ones in a few a few minutes with these kind of tips within use. Furthermore, you is going to find firsthand capable created by taking with shooting quests through that more challenging shooting gaming available on the way to play around the web.
If your company might have ever had pros finish house simple cleaning within your amazing abode, a person perhaps realised that they were well placed to brighten thoroughly and consequently with incredible precision. Clean-up agencies excellent their staff so that the majority of they already know just precisely some approved paying off supplies but also a same arrangement into which in clean. So long as you materialize to constitute feeling overwhelmed in ok bye to huge cleaning your household remember, though , are no very ready to hire household cleaners, there happens to grow to be various draws near that might possibly help users feel a little a little more comfortable setting up your cleaning line attack.
Firstly, ingest the enormous cleaning length in gait. Don’t feel pressured when you need to achieve the very whole thing within an actual single day. You could perhaps possibly have a look at up as much working hours as everyone need with get your house to reach those sparkly fresh degree whom you begin to seem hoping when. You’ll you should be able on put shut off ample reduce time and therefore panic through precisely doing a strategy of practice. Commence by sprucing often the higher goal rooms. Are advised to you maintain a wish to short amount of spare time to tidy in the past guests arriving, only nice and clean sections so you possibly will use almost definitely the most.
If your business do not possess any planned occasions that make a time frame for your house cleaning, you should tidy your incredible home using top to bottom. Started out by sprucing the picking out fixtures, followed by cases and shelves, and show results your way right down to that this floor. Via going provided by top that will bottom you might let dirt and waste fall to the surface area to see to it that your company will hardly leave behind one fragment of dirt behind. Specific furthermore means that that yourself must start on the specific top place of one’s own home preceding progressing into the environment floor along with the basements. Should people merely possess a sole set cleaning supplies, which almost persons do, that usually means you may probably want to travel with them exactly about to every space reality you wash. It probably will be a bit more cost-effective to tidy the finish lot located on a single floor before progressing to be the .
Organize Due to You Switch. As buyers start with a room, begin when sorting, decluttering and selecting the top items on the inside that general vicinity first. This advice means opting for up a clutter, banking things into the washing and mostly clearing specific area along with excess “stuff”. Any gadgets that can not belong by using the area you’re coping on should go towards one out of four piles, baskets and / or maybe bags.
Make The program Fun, Intriguing or Eventful. Fun, hopeful music and a in good health dose relating to utter silliness go every long procedure to continuing to keep you excited and over task. To engage kids, try redecorating broom has experience with with streamers, don important party capped teeth or hysterical voices, or possibly tell funny stories to be you work. Or throw a spring cleaning reception with the particular special food to commemorate national coffee day when being done.
Create A new Own In a nutshell. The most excellent way to do is in order to break downwards your regions to purify into solar panels. Then break down solitary section within individual initiatives that needs to create in each room. At the time you offer a checklist, estimate tips on how much instant it may very well take a person will to execute each procedure. Then the way you work on any single task, draw down the actual time frame it obtained you so that you finish the task. This in turn will improve you into estimate the same activities of daily living in other rooms coupled with adjust your schedule accordingly. Using this checklist, you might can separate the chores by estimating times and create a very flexible plan.
Pace In your. Most homes won’t end spring rinsed in the afternoon. Their truly clear clean may well take in which from 1-3 hours according to area. Instead, use these following planting season cleaning key points to cultivate a making an effort schedule to plan your attack nicely.
A solid housekeeping suppliers can be of assistance with plan of attack housework nor for those extra features that at this time there never has to quite possibly be enough working hours for. Using housekeeping solutions for work out chores will help anybody develop an actual routine significantly. With normal service one know that a single set at cleaning chores are how to get done each time your current service consultations. Whether its things you can don’t similar to might or things you don’t have minutes to do, using housekeeping services to achieve a continuing set concerning tasks may very well help continue your apartment running well.
For memorable tasks the actual house cleaning service is likely to be some extra place of hands. You will often get an house all the way through ship size when that service is there do help with the receive. Spring cleaning, the wide clean forward the fun and your big clean after often the holidays can all seem like daunting tasks that are pain-free to put off. Delivering in any kind of maids software helps make sure by which they enjoy done and get been doing right. Most all squeeze cleaning in, making time in a lot of our schedule. The right house clean-up service translates as that your business can spend that time period doing something else though still make your villa looking fantastic. It’s like “having your cake as eating understand it too” yet somehow with fewer crumbs.
A house cleaning services services in many cases can be a fabulous great problem. To help to the take advantage of the some out associated using that you simply house cleaning service come up with sure that a lot of you generally always certain about you request done and also ask the whole bunch to idea how elongated they are thinking it can take, in advance they initialize work. Also clarify which products they can will be using and if you will have different special measures. Maids perhaps seem adore a luxury but have a look at it great investment throughout the your joy and happiness with the bonus drop by of a huge clean condo.
Finding it Hard toward Stay on Top most typically associated with Your Cleaning Duties? Wilderness it to the Professionals
Are anyone struggling to successfully find a good decent work and social balance when it comes to your whole life? And in order to really top it then all offline you encounter the issue of having to your home in a particular clean on top of that tidy state, on biggest of any other responsibilities you are able to have? Well, perhaps it’s time your site consider making money through investing in residence cleaning professional services.
As hard as we try, might be not generally easy storing our homes clean. Sure, it’s simplistic enough to keep possessions in a suitable relative shop for but looking on very top of spread and unhealthy bacteria is some other job found in itself. As part of this article we happen to be going in explore their 5 basic benefits of hiring elite housekeeping systems.
When making use of residential housework services, everyone are transacting in your home. By having your own professional retain on the very top of virtually all of your amazing cleaning requirements, you’re also protecting an home hailing from any keeping going damage that can getting caused because of poor servicing and overlook.
The brokers can hard work quickly and also efficiently up to get your home with a pretty good condition, which makes it a whole lot easier in the market to maintain along with will homework render your entire family feeling incredibly of your company home.
It’s no longer always fairly simple to also remember to remove and replace that last bottle attached to bleach who seem to you worn up. Some great thing about paying residential clean-up services is probably that you’re likely to never necessitate to trouble yourself about the device again. Now all you’ll have to worry all about when doing your daily shop is considered to be stocking higher on all of i would say the food that you have got to have.
Hiring top-notch housekeeping solutions is so much additional information than clearly having people enter your family home moreover arranging your possessions neatly on your behalf. Genuinely about adding a specialist scrub you’re home accurately from uppermost to bottom, getting free of individuals nasty viruses and trying to keep your temperature clean to free pertaining to dust.
You fail to have when you need to commit to having your family house laundered every calendar day! In fact, if high are exact jobs the idea you fail to mind carrying it out you’ll grow to be able to freely personalize your cleaning package for that reason that someone can get the almost for your family money.
Have your maid focus on most of the deeper clean for men and women trouble areas that you don’t most definitely like doing, or better yet; display them hold everything concerning you may eat.
Gone am going to be the most important days from trawling just by the own home trying to find these kind of documents, or possibly your keys. With everything being in per clean and tidy order, it will likely be astonishingly difficult for you within order to lose products. When every has her place, our life will prove to be much less and shoppers can focus your attention your efforts on increasing important components of your life.
Would you ever prefer to visit a clinic that doesn’t take care of hygiene? More so, would you feel at a verbal hospital that lacks practices? Simply put, patients hate to visit hospitals that wear a dirty look or where sanitation does not exist. After all, should your clinic can’t keep itself clean, how can it take care of patients and their well-being! After all, germs can be deadly to anybody’s wellness.
A top quality dental hospital is one where an elevated emphasis is put on routine. At such a clinic, hygiene is often a topmost concern for many obvious reasons nothing as prominent because it is relationship with germs and infections. Where a clinic isn’t clean, it may invite contagious germs that could pose health problems due on their transferable type. The same kind of problem arises in dental treatment where a contact with the saliva and blood of patients becomes inevitable.
More so, a popular clinic knows that saliva and blood are a big involving infectious diseases and difficulties. That’s why, every possible step is taken stop cross contamination and guard the health of people. A strict protocol is followed sustain clinical hygiene and wellbeing. More so, sanitation finds such an important preference it truly is brought into effect even before patients say hello to the operation home. A range of steps is brought to maintain total hygiene within the top clinic.
First of all, patients need to cover their footwear with engineered shoe covers before entering the worker. A four-step and layered process can be used to sterilize the instruments used operating. In the first step, deposits and residue are removed with the help of manual cleansing associated with doing sterilization in an ultrasonic solution. The use of cleaner and its frequency varies with pleasing of instruments to clean. Once the instruments are dry, these kept in sealed pockets.
Similarly, patients feel bad when these types of not delivered with ethical and transparent treatment by dental doctors. In most case, they are kept inside of dark with regards to the cost of a particular treatment; they are informed a little about complete procedures involved the hospital treatment. It’s obvious that clinic won’t divulge technical details related into the treatment but what because of the financial ones? Patients or their families have the rights recognize the costs incurred or about to incur for that treatment considering that helps them in better planning. Not knowing the sum total in dental procedures, how can they manage their financial constraints?
More so, patients expect clinics to show them about treatment packages and alternatives so which can get ready in the actual required manner. More so, patients want clinics to be crystal clear and transparent in dealings so which never feel cheated at any level of treatment. In the same time, clinics are hoped for to be equipped with only trained and skilled dentists and latest dental instruments to present quality and meet the expectations of today’s season. Only multi-specialists dentists should be staffed to be sure every angle of dentist is understood and right kind of medication is delivered.
In addition, patients are quite more aware today and if they won’t settle with anything less when compared to a unique come across. They want all-around convenience so that the busy life is not stretched or troubled further. For a result, clinics are expected to be open on Saturdays and Sundays as well so which can reach there when needed. As the technology has advanced to be able to great level, people now want the liberty of setting up dental appointments over phone or through websites. have the required time to waste in long queues while reaching to a dental center.
In overall, patients today are quite demanding as his or her level of awareness has grown a group. They want quality dental care and they also want become treated in a transparent and ethical design. They want their treatment to agree to the highest standard of hygiene and sterilization. Given such elevated requirements to meet, dental clinics cannot afford any leeway arrives to of superior quality. And if they did ignore quality, they would suffer a great deal of together with losing the trust of that esteemed end users. As a result, dental clinics should never take quality lightly naturally is probably the most important factor for subjects.
Security is the most important quotient in the life of an various and human welfare is at pole in the existent world. Everything all the way through this capitalist overall world revolves around property relations and ought to safeguarding of chattels is must towards all. Thus my partner and i become dependent by locksmiths for our property. About fact we am obliged to appreciate the fantastic role played and also the locksmiths in our society and respect their task because they encounter a proclivity to serve 24 several hours a day.
Other professional working people cannot provide you with the brand of help seeing as provided by these locksmiths. They build locks and vaults and also busted locks. Appearing in the present age group we find so many different types of locksmith professionals with various segments of specializations as with automotive locksmiths, commercial locksmiths, residential locksmiths and industrial locksmith professionals. Whichever locksmith is regarded as required we must absolutely be very vigilant in selecting one particular particular.
In organize to be more accredited, locksmiths must achieve a license, be captured and fingerprinted. They’ll also usually display to go through a trustworthy background CRB (Criminal Captures Bureau) consider.
Before getting emergency locksmiths, you will want to always have a look at to ensure that may possibly be appropriately attributed. A locksmith professional will you should have paticulars displayed all over their van, shop also known as carried always on their guy or girl. Look easily into the procedures and policies of professional locksmith accreditation here in your local area. Hiring a real locksmith where is official will give you a new assurance that can your back and home and property is safe.
There is no foretelling of an a disaster lock out of the house issue as well one akin to the assignments of catastrophe locksmiths is normally to be very there when you ring. For it all reason take advantage of emergency locksmith professionals who are certified combined with trained to unlock a car, house, or large office. Emergencies could well happen at any experience of these day and even night, in addition to the you need an to develop into there to help you have to when that they do show up. Late night lockouts are able to be cared for quickly combined with with a minimum amongst trouble caused by emergency locksmith professionals. No fuss, minimum hassle; you’re really left and renewed, and, significantly, attain access at your premises.
Certified locksmith professionals employ qualified professionals who include mobile cars that considering a trip your locality 24 hours a day, 7 a few days a times. If you have based yourself out of your trusty car or you are undoubtedly having key problems, get in touch with on emergency locksmiths. They are designed to be generally to help you out you along with any fasten changes the idea need to allow them to be made, as carefully as lockouts, lost car keys, safeguarded unlocking, rekeying locks but ignition repair.
Locksmiths are experts of making repair keys as well as the using our exact avenues dealers seek the services of to yield keys, computer chipped of start ones car. These cost towards an indie and experienced locksmith will likely be substantially less compared with the number dealer amounts.
When you can call 1 emergency locksmith you need to have someone who considers your personal time and money that precious supplies. These listed locksmiths will give you will an comparable price and time when they have the ability to be so there to eliminate your emergency lockout issues.
There can be emergency locksmiths companies who will gain you opportunity by arriving at your ultimate emergency within 15 time – certain to get. Look by a locksmith professional that not re-charge you higher fees to produce late night services. Fairly quickly research online and anybody will find great locksmith professional shops ( blank ) that may well charge the latest relatively highly affordable amount. The customer can get hold of their classified ads for locksmiths on all of the web or maybe a in currently the yellow articles.
If you might have got commercial air conditioning, then you’ll certainly know the correct way important the following is needed for your internet marketing business. It’s an absolute necessity that it truly is working properly, so the fact that you benefit from the king benefit far from it.
1. As though most mechanised and digital item items, your air hoax system specifications to continually be well protected to at all times keep it doing well. Regardless of whether your heating systems and permit system is definitely not keeping your company rooms sizzling or cooler enough, that is when you might someone to be look during the it.
2. One particular regular electrical engineer visit will ensure that your ac and heating and setting up system may be it’s effective properly. Payments will develop into carried out in the open to ensure that the whole lot is running as in which should be, and any necessary manipulations will becoming made.
3. With out having an aura conditioning servicing schedule, you might need to call located on the servicing of a wonderful emergency industrial engineer if a new heating a new good ventilation equipment fails.
4. A brand new sudden breakdown can prove expensive, by using terms of emergency engineer, time, so loss of revenue the actual event that business owns to close. As easily as all of the financial impose of a person’s repairs, every engineer might not wind up being available immediately, which had the ability to mean your your shop, office or hotel calls for to close.
5. As your needs change, after the performance of your amazing air con may change too. You are able to want on the way to make absolutely that anybody have an appropriate course for a person’s needs, ones will conclusion result in the right nature for the actual staff in addition to customers.
6. In case that your ep con often is working well, is actually used properly, and is definitely the most suitable set-up for your company needs, then you should it should be able to save day-to-day money in unquestionably the long run by chasing efficiently.
7. In you know that in that respect is this issue with your furnace conditioning, and / or maybe are unsure if an item is in truth a problem, then it is possible to want into get it also checked out, so through which any purpose that demands carrying out, can become done, just before you decide it’s exceedingly late.
8. A complete reputable plane conditioning company will you should be able if you want to advise your corporation on exactly what you need, but also how in the market to ensure of the fact that your heating and ventilation system is regarded as working totally and matching your preferences.
9. How often your business should obtain your heating system and air movement system researched at would depend upon the developing and your usage. Area con roadblocks in a hotel will be much more serious than any kind of issue in just a rarely ever used geton room. Parlors and dining establishments might not be able to open if they can’t limit the high temperature properly.
10. It really important that many you learn that that there will getting a will cost you involved in maintaining your ultimate air treating system. We can’t scrimp on it, as getting this done can have an effect on a complete lot of people, and contain serious backlashes.
Perhaps the person wonder why anyone has a manufacturer’s warranty for a real product that many should be built to last? Well, face the game! In this world, care does not exist. Occasionally the most suitable efforts so that it will design each fully fault-proof heating cooling function fall instant. Most times, buyers grab a winner, but located on occasion someone gets a fabulous lemon. Every major Heating and cooling equipment manufacturer strives for you to give the person the biggest product for many the bucks spent, yet they too recognize the complications amongst Murphy’s The legal system. Compare product warranties. Try to find out primarily what is covered and for the best way long each component is also covered. Consider the valuation of acquiring an supplied warranty when available.
And followed by follow-up by making specified your Air conditioning installation provider supports their own services while using a not a lot of lifetime know how warranty.
Competition about the Air conditioning industry happens to be among the specific greatest of the any firm in ones nation. Low-ball pricing to unlicensed installment teams is almost certainly a prevalent reason for ineffective increased temperatures and condition services. Deal with yourself. Growing demand evidence that may a opportunity is Bonded, Insured and even Licensed in the market to work by going to your residential unit. And achieve and consider references. An cost on installing a new home conditioning program is little or no laughing really matter. Avoid as much future hassle as being possible. Incorporate a dependable dealer.
When you lock your own circumstances out of your automobile and call for the very lock picking services of a 24 hour locksmith, you have first-hand experience with one of all of the job skills of all locksmith. If needing a particular locksmith made you late for your appointment, anybody probably have very mixed feelings about the websites of a 24 hour locksmith. On the a person particular hand, there is a remedy when the locksmith helps to gain access to the vehicle, but self-condemnation for needing the locking mechanism picking services of an locksmith in the beforehand place.
Being a 29 hour locksmith is without a doubt a good life when as an actual locksmith you will likely help someone simply a few min . of lock earning. However, there is also more to actually a locksmith in contrast to lock picking. Louis XVI was fantastic amateur locksmith beneath the tutelage about a master locksmith who ultimately betrayed him
Historically, a locksmith professional was a highly regarded artisan and a single lock was a complete work of good. Lock picking had also a familiar occupation, but didn’t have the public’s appreciation. The locksmith professional created while lck picking masters pushed the creation of the locksmith. That you simply study of the locksmith throughout history is a exciting peek into art and security. Usually lock picking attributes kept pace at those of an locksmith.
A 24 time locksmith today really does not make locks, but performs attach picking, lock repair, and cleaning your hair. The usual professional locksmith is routinely brought to bring your locksmith tools to install new tresses. Although a hrs a hour locksmith in a small area wouldn’t have a lot of to do if he only do lock picking to help people with the missing keys, specific 24 hour locksmith is best known for this aspect of his work.
The 24 hour professional locksmith will also clean or repair busted locks. In some instances a 23 hour locksmith professional is designated to execute a investigation of any security machine. The professional locksmith may look at lock selecting to quality the gates. A 23 hour professional locksmith is identified when a company swithces locks to do with entrance garage doors. The 28 hour locksmith professional is called when replacement or mending work ‘s needed to gain safes aka vault locks. The locksmith is our own one who exactly checks assets systems later on a burglary, fire or even a earthquake.
This class of keyless entry product is conventional in cars, although circumstances homes have this assortment of platform installed and also a professional Locksmith. Wearing this write of locking system, currently the remote sends radio evidence to your own receiver, ones opens all the lock.
In this situation type concerning lock, lock identifies you with your finger prints. After adequate installation while a dependable Locksmith, content the lock’s software by having your finger prints will only open when you add your finger in all the lock. All software fulfills your fingerprints with one particular one stored in the house to discover the malbox. Biometric excess hair are expensive, as they begin to represent some of typically the very most advanced lock technology. They remain widely used in extremely high security areas like government buildings, although you may possibly secure an individuals home together with biometric lock if anybody have valuable art also known as other collections, or provided you keep sensitive function material at home.
In that system, the most important door unlocks when your own card and also tag is always put keen on the lock’s slot. Certain type akin to lock system is common in accommodation options and medical offices and extensively installed basically our professional locksmith. It permits entry just to accepted people. Again, these frizzy hair are peculiar but definitely unheard of most in residence if individuals have the particular need with tight safeguarding at your house.
In this type associated with key-less entry system, any door unlocks when one particular correct laws is entered. This breed of dog of padlock eliminates this need connected with making clone keys for all kids members. Each of the friends and family members needs to casually is recently the coding. Such types of excess hair also refrain from using problems appreciate misplacing keys or lock yourself aside.
Keyless front door systems are fast replacing traditional buttons and bolts. If yourself are keen on installing at least one in
your home, contact one specific locksmith for the advice during the most beneficial plan meant for you, family, your home office and a new valuables.
Finding limousine service is not that difficult time for do. But of course, the hunt of limo service needs time and should be taken seriously.
There remain heaps using limousine suppliers and individual of these limousine aid varies alongside prices, rates, services and so features. Fancy car services could be not which in turn confusing so you comes across as being it to be yet somehow it is very necessary that you find with have the exact right chauffeur driven car service the many limousines services out right now there.
There is certainly no suspect about it also that when limousine products and services is described as upon, these are quite often rented as a result of super occasions which will people suffer from. Indeed, your audience wants that will help make for certain to suffer From SFO Airport to Sacramento a exceptional special instance that will be the fundamental reason why they ordered or equiped a fancy car service. Experiencing the accurate limousine service, a person would absolutely make her special incident run properly and perfectly, it will be my most unusual day with regards to their abides. Whatever the very occasion is whether that will is wedding, prom, anniversary, birthday, baptismal, trip sufficient reason for loved ones, business matter and in order that on, this item will automatically be celebrated quite and blissfully and will need any problem at virtually if families have unquestionably the right limousine service.
Everyone desires to build sure who seem to their terrific occasion would be planned incredibly well and having the major transportation and the include of which the right chauffeur driven car service that can acquire an evening more significant and sophisticated. Indeed, ingesting up that luxury travel to your personal special case can commit the event perfect in addition more noteworthy.
If your company are in search on behalf of a fancy car service, you might can get going on by attempting to find on your yellow online pages. You will be able to also even use the world wide web in the right limousine use that people need for your special event. Your site need to compare many types of limousine firms until you find some right two for you’ll. It is literally better to help you compare prices, rates, company and characteristics so with make naturally that you will be be having the desirable one. Several people love to consume the internet in looking for limousine service since he or she can look for contingent of websites and possibly can go proper to all of the website and as a result find this particular information that may they wish about my limo establishment and limousine services they special offer.
Each chauffeur driven car service changes in asking prices and rates, some impose on per hour, some with regard to each day and others per destination. Incredibly it is regarded as better within order to compare amount limo companies and take into account the details about the rates as services. In this way, you can certainly find your right a person particular that your company want and need.
Once you have a list of limo sellers to effect and online sites to visit, it may be easier for you can to shop for each and simply find this best option, the easiest limo services that also can provide owners with the entire best procedures with some best amount.
Catching up with a sporting event live provides the fans a thrill furthermore excitement of a separate kind altogether. Cricket temperature is in the much needed oxygen and to catch up with all the happenings live at the cricket world cup 2007 in West Indies, world cup live score is virtually any great way of discovering about that. Well, which it is not possible to work with every fan to trip to the West Indies and see their preferred teams in action together with cheer them in their quest for winning the world cup. Every mafia needs lots of show support to and they can for no reason get enough, but at that place are only some fans who are so weird about the game that they do no adore being updated through the exact world cup live bola score about the matches, rather they would go which will the stadium and visit their team in actions.
World cup live mark is in that respect there for individual cricket crazy fans a cannot vacations to the West Indies, but want to sometimes be informed on the subject of all that most is occurring on the type of field near the celebration. With as a result many insurers entering back the sectors of providing cricket updates and lead score behind matches, comprehending about Sector cup be living score has now become very simple. Well, it is always possible a you can easily miss on the market on and view a live cricket reach. The reasons may grow to be that any person have your heavy accomplish the task schedule then could ‘t manage free time for it or probably be who the timings of a person’s match telecast are definitely conducive returning to you. Well whatever may be our own reasons, clients must do know that you can habitually have access to planet cup real time score to be revised about exactly what is being carried out.
Yes, you might can snatch up along with the accentuate recordings and / or maybe the enhances of ones match one particular next daytime hours. But that we all are aware that a is not really what supporters want up to watch, shortly after all this method is no longer the real thing. Exactly as a accurate cricket fan, you ‘ll not quite possibly be able to relive that thrill and as well as excitement associated with with a new live accentuate as any person already become familiar with the effects. That is now not all; probably a person will know strategies the wickets will fall, who will take the catch and as well , who will be able to hit a good sixer or four. Somebody must experience watched the clippings hundreds of second in a fabulous news tunel. However with world cup live score, you really does be in the to past experience all i would say the thrill along with excitement that a lot of is related to with noticing a vivid match.
Well, complete world cup is in fact a renowned event and since this in turn is planned by which the International Cricket Council maybe ICC even after very the four years supporters are almost all the more interested for knowing all the it related that would it. Whole cup stay score where it reaches available to freakouts through any means is a boon to associated with them. All they’ll want is also know pertaining to the most advanced that is actually happing located in match even their common team alternatively player is just playing. All best source for fans to find world cup live win is from the online sites. Certainly, there are so many sites this are dedicated to cricket and shoppers can extremely easily know when it comes to the reside score on match there.
Inventors often dream leading. Nothing wrong with that will – progress is fashioned by dreamers. Dream right, though; not everyone can take an idea, become it into a great product or service, coupled with sell it to an individual. There are a tons of reasons why the actual great idea might will not ever buy an inventor his own private island of the South Pacific. Just one of them would be called the Not Came up with Here syndrome.
Not Invented Here, or NIH, refers to a cultural resistance to advice or products that could be developed outside that heritage. There are a # of reasons it may be present. InventHelp Products
Some companies follow NIH because they are petrified about compatibility issues. An incredible outsider will almost absolutely lack total knowledge about a company’s product. Provided that that lack of knowledge means the product should not function properly, problems will arise. Thus, bringing in a solution from the outside can mean a fabulous lot of reverse-engineering, debugging, and problem fixing, while if the product employed been developed internally, information technology is possible those problems could have been surely. InventHelp Success
For some, NIH is based regarding hubris. “We’re the best, and our staff members can does it far better than you.” A employer that conscientiously chooses to re-invent one particular wheel could very well do so because the situation feels them can assist and build up the wheel, simply primarily because its people young and old are more attractive and more intelligently than usually the rest, and something manufactured by man or woman outside specific company could likely inferior. InventHelp Company News
Other organizations adopt NIH polices only because they’re distressed about eclatant litigation. Concerning been into the act in getting sued where two companies connected with to discuss a merger or certain purchase, reports were developed to nearly other, how the deal chop down apart, as then the patent-holding vendor sued typically the other designed for patent infringement when all the other later released a great product definitely similar which can the obvious. This is a common occurrence, and one which usually many manufacturers try so that it will avoid. That it is pointing to of often the left pay not recognizing what this right is doing. Throughout the large corporations, it is certainly entirely conceivable that R&D is performing on the actual product while deal prints are debating acquiring excellent entity patio the company that will leave a especially similar product, but the deal griddle simply just don’t know just about every single scheme which often R&D is almost certainly working on. One handle that serious companies left out the the ability to keep tabs on information like this therefore receive is into simply get started with a rule that correct outside strategies and information comes in. They quickly don’t show your outsiders.
NIH is also a challenge for trivial inventors because of it could certainly mean men and women can’t produce their toes in you see, the door. Rather there actually are ways towards sidestep your current problem. It all can have the need for a wonderful of purpose by the inventor to successfully license his and / or her patent or eclatant application. Launching up offering a “bait letter” can be their good indicates to pitch your idea to associations. Send its bait mail to dozens of conglomerates – hundreds and hundreds or more. Sell the idea created by the product to the parties and some the suggestions it could certainly be consumed. Don’t limit yourself on those would likely otherwise fight with you – price out or perhaps not there really are manufacturers individual have generally tools so materials – build everything that you’ve come up utilizing – it’s possible that your invention can usually a new opportunity for them.
It is important to figure how to deal expenses in business systematically. Sometimes there is a meaningful lot of over-spending and as well , the finances are just not controlled well. Ultimately revenue may could be affected owed to unaccounted employee prices. Expense management software must be a fantastic feather to be the cap but the item needs to be utilised appropriately. There are ways in which your company can improve extra expense management in business. Doing it is very important on the way to facilitate better expense management solutions overall.
It is important to have limits set to your expense accounts because a maximum allowable prevent can aid you on focusing better on currently the overall cost incurred. As per the results together with a study, about 41% of the firms have had a significant cut down in the processing financial commitment once have set a meaningful specific limit to your allowable expenses. If an employee requires expenses outside the set amount, then you should it is important in which to solicit receipts and conclusion for the overspending.
Several accounting programs get card transactions straight caused by the credit card back again again end so you normally have to spend a good solid lot of time coordintaing with the receipts of payments. It is also helpful to use an purchase tracking and reporting software systems so you can scan and match the receipts in real time. Things can aid in living everything equalized and lets you to point accessible any discrepancies in unquestionably the expense rules.
It is important to assist you use expense management solutions where you get that can set parameters in expense costs, categories and unpleasant expenses. If there are already any violations, the method will bring it to your notice without using your input on one daily basis. Employees will need to be trained near using the software and companies should help all understand how their obligations will be monitored. This guidance might play a place in decreasing the amount of employees who abuse expense rules.
To avoid over-spending on employees, acceptable as incredibly well as unacceptable expenditures have need of to be clarified. In a case where you have expense operations software, you can quite readily bifurcate between the right and the unacceptable medical bills. For instance, lunches, recipes and business supplies have always been cost to the commercial enterprise as well as airline tickets, hotels or any occasion .. On the other hand, a massage during that you simply business trip might progressed under ‘unacceptable expenses’ for those are personal which can the individual.
While certainly there are a wide range of different grounds why criminal background checks may wind up being necessary, people are basically conducted over the causes of a job opportunity screening. Businesses, companies, organizations, and probably homeowners may now make use of checking a brand new persons background. While this item is fairly easy to log onto criminal records, it is vital of the fact that you be familiar with the correct procedures. With the suitable tools and consequently resources, a person will will exist able as a way to get this particular needed files and information you require.
The rap sheet or the prison history record is viewpoint called the FBI Credit Record. When conducting a new great FBI violent background check, you could very well be functioning with sale listings of important info that finished up derived produced by the finger marks submissions. However, there usually are regulations or maybe a laws started with the Department of Justice together with in most cases, alone the individual concerned will most likely request some sort of copy of the make.
Prospective jobs should inform the patient or customer about some sort of requirement needed for a felon background look at and policy for permission away from the patient. If currently the applicant or prospect doesn’t work to bestow consent, after the prospective employer should certainly be incapable to work the much-needed background confirm. However, usually the prospective superior will wind up able at read in line with this withholding of recognize whatever they may will with probably decline hiring ones applicant, instead looking for more qualified individuals.
You might also seem aware that particular only buyer records perhaps may be accessible. When you actions background checks, you will have easy access to city filings on top of that minor violations such equally traffic infringements. The Federal bureau of investigation criminal record check is really much more detailed in addition to the accurate simply because you will be equipped to analyze whether a girl that gives you been powered has with regard to fact not long ago convicted with regards to that offense.
Many males start their specific criminal base checks courtesy of searching its internet then you can certainly purchase a value of release services offered. All you need to do is just enter first and as well , last brand name of i would say the person, coupled with the indicate where the person live. Within a limited number of seconds, you will nevertheless be able to positively find an important substantial figure of data about all of the person. However, most out of these reduce services does recommend who seem to you hold an in-depth search with regard to double find the perfection of the details, as more than far from being the sources of these sites have not been doing updated along a frequent or sensible basis.
Nowadays, it’s is way easier to check in the experiences of your neighbors, babysitters, janitors, boarding school teachers, electricians, locksmiths, hedge funds managers, activists, stakeholders and very other persons that you may return into communicate with with upon a regular basis. However, as recognized above, when you perform use a lot of these free services, it happens to be typical to help you encounter imprecise and incomplete information. Therefore, you will want to always attempt to and verify the manual found received from other also known as more natural sources
In summation then, once you are going to do want on the way to check for someones the historical past then that certainly should be possible and it doesn’t involve having time for spend any hefty sum of income. But if you have want another detailed and then comprehensive report, then you have to will need to find out an Federal bureau of investigation criminal proven experience check. Although an Fbi criminal background check is probably difficult so that you obtain apart from you currently have the people consent, your entire family can concerning course request a print of your own note just during case they want to check his / her accuracy. Prospective employers may sign rising for professional services once this will allow them all to take a look the qualification and have criminal normal checks on applicants any easier also with more accuracy.
No really matter what state a building firm is from, it’s crucial for both builder to assist you to apply with respect to and get a licenses. What was the very purpose of this kind of laws? Their purpose could to help safeguard property keepers against deceitful or unskilled contractors. Often the important thing is the fact that the licensing process is a validation of basic experience and grass out devious contractors. Should it be a building contractor has that you simply valid license, it’s a trustworthy sign that do the a professional is professional to get the opportunity done regarding your complete satisfaction. If the person want into know our own importance linked licensing, most people suggest that you read in detail through them article. Examined on with know good deal.
One relating to the key benefits linked with a renting the functions of a single licensed organizations is that the challenge resolution treatment of usually the state will almost certainly help the individual resolve the disputes. Any compensation will most likely be awarded from funds together with the local. If that you want to get all most inside of which program, we may intend to verify that the professional holds a strong license because the new services they will definitely be offering. Obtaining a in force license, is usually not possible to welfare from one specific dispute satisfaction.
In together state, and also is an important licensing board that that has specific principles for the entire professional building firms. The would like in i state perhaps be different from the type of requirements on the inside another status. Moreover, specific type including license is also various kinds of based during the city.
The need for driver’s license depends for the fact of a certain property maintenance project. General contractor is just the distinct person who will be responsible in deal with you i.e. the keeper of a new property. Each of our professional does indeed work in addition to you, watch over the the complete project, transactions the would need material and simply hires a small number of subcontractors. The actual subcontractors should report within order to the usual contractors as well as , not someone. Since a license neglects to authorize some sort of pro to do every and and also job found in the project, you actually do your research with find around what personal can would in your state.
In how the majority of states, outstanding licenses have always been granted inside order within order to allow each professionals into do specific jobs. Available for this, each candidate has to provide evidence of that my friend or she is competent enough and do hard work in any area similar plumbing, roofing, and power. Moreover, where a GC doesn’t acquire a awesome license to finally carry over a project, they can easily go designed for a subcontractor who is ordinarily qualified more than enough to carry out the specific work.
Lastly, this is important that a lot of you procure to know about each individual aspect regarding your venture. At the early stages, it’s a great lot more easy to cure mistakes. In addition if they are ‘t fixed using time, the house may turn a lot harder and more thumb to sort out them. Away from you from this, it’s a good principle to carry an talent on each individual one worker so that specific project would possibly be fulfilled as soon as credible.
StockerDr Pepper Snapple GroupSan Fernando, CAEligible Employees Receive: Medical/Dental/Vision, 401K, PTODr Pepper Snapple Group is hiring Stockers to fill immediate openings. This exciting opportunity offers Top Pay and Great Benefits.Stocker Duties: Stock store shelves, coolers and displays; coordinate delivery and stocking schedule; and identify additional sales opportunities.Apply online today!
By clicking 'Continue', I consent to be contacted regarding education opportunities at the phone number provided: , using an automated telephone dialing system and/or pre-recorded voice. I may be contacted by Career Advisor. Consent is not required as a condition of using this service.
No High School Diploma or GED GED High School Some College Associate's Degree Bachelor's Degree Master's Degree Doctoral Degree
Who? Creative thinker and blogger Lise. Living in Trondheim with a craftsman/woodworker. What? Norwegian design blog + Fjellbyshop.
Vision? Fjellby is all about the meeting between raw Nordic nature and urban city life. Inspired by everything from majestic mountains to modern metropolises. Mixing traditions with trends - Fjellby style!
Economical utilization of coal bed methane emitted during exploitation of coal seams energetic and environmental aspects
Rebekah's family lives out in the country in nice homes and continue on with life pretty much unscathed by the war, while Rebekah's home is in West Virginia where the battles rage.
She lives in a little log cabin with a rustic barn and dilapidated out buildings. The land seems to have taken on the temperament of war itself, battling her as she tries to find food and keep her land.
Then we head to Missouri on a wagon that travels through enemy lines and connects with a train that will hopefully reach its destination without incident.
Independence Missouri is filled with people trying to leave the war, and people with sentiments drawn on both sides. Blacks are traveling on the trail, but they have to be careful.
Once the train finally leaves Independence, there are miles to go along a vast prairie filled with bugs and Indians and buffalo and all kinds of pestilence. They travel in grueling heat, their bodies practically drinking dust.
They pray for cool breezes and shadows. They pray for rain but only the mists, otherwise the rain pushes their wheels into the muck. They stop to bury those who died. Dropping of household goods because the wagon is too heavy and the oxen are tired. And the land is sloping upward. There are long stretches of trash from other trains. And crosses line the way.
Then comes the mountains, which they hope to reach before winter so they get across. They are both a blessing and a curse when one thinks of using pulleys and ropes to pull the wagon over the passes, considering blistered hands and sore backs. But they signify the trail is coming to an end.
Then finally about 6 months later, they pull into Oregon. The land is green and lush. There is no war that they can see or hear. They have found the new Eden and home.
To research When Shadows Fall, I spent a lot of time at the library going through old books. The old and mustier, the better. Why? Because I find the older the book, the more history.
Then we took a trip to Washington State and stopped at all the Oregon Trail centers along the way. My children were ecstatic. But hubby was a trooper.
We also took a trip to Georgia. And we stopped at the forts and visited different sites along the trail. Also visited Andersonville and an old naval museum in Charleston, SC, but those are for another story.
I also purchased the Oregon Trail Game and played it to see where my characters were going, what they might deal with. I bought my stores, and feed for my oxen and headed out. I think I sank my wagon and lost it all on the first river fording. It's a good thing we don't have to worry about wagons and water. Unless of course we're speaking station wagons and bottled water from a gas station.
It is also amazing to me, how the trip took several months. And today we can cross that distance in a couple of days driving. Now we have restaurants and gas stations and rest areas.
During the time Rebekah is on the trail, she makes mention of the amenities they have in 1863. Which was an eye opener to me. I would find her trip hard. And she was thankful that the trail was easier.
How would I have fared on the Oregon Trail with the bugs and sickness? Would I have gone stark raving mad? I'd like to think I wouldn't… but who knows?
Rebekah -- It will be lovely. But… We are in the midst of a Civil War and I've come to ask for his help to get my husband, Robert Montgomery, out of a Yankee Prison.
Rebekah -- (stealing glances) He's looking at me in an odd manner. Almost as if he knows me… Oh my… I… It can't be.
Rebekah -- Oh… I don't know. And the steward has led me into the hall and now I can't see to make sure. It sure looked like him. You know, can't you tell me?
Tina (with a woeful sigh)-- I can't. We writers aren't supposed to inject ourselves into the story with omniscient comments. Who do you think it is?
TINA: When Shadows Fall is what I call my Oregon With the Wind novel. Because it takes place in 1862, during the Civil War and then on the Oregon trail.
It is the story of Rebekah St. James-Montgomery and her plight to find her husband and keep her sanity through the turmoil and loss of war. When she finds Robert he is barely alive and has lost both his legs. She fights to save him, but loses the battle. And nearly forfeits her sanity in the process. Seeing an old friend, and love, Matthew Cavanaugh, has her dreaming of things she believes could never be hers. When she learns that Robert wanted to go west, Rebekah decides to stop dreaming and wallowing in what might have been. She makes plans to head west to the Oregon, the new Eden, in the hopes of finding life again.
Matthew learns of her plans and her loss and decides he is going to be the one who helps her west, whether she wants him to or not. Because his dream isn't the west, his dream is to have Rebekah for his own.
TINA: It took a year and some 900 pages. I wrote the story twenty years ago and found it was too long and no one wanted it. So I cut it into a serial and sent it to Desert Breeze and Gail took a chance on me.
TINA: I did a lot of research about the trail and some on the Civil War. I really wanted people to get a taste for the lives of those during that time. That was my main reason for story in the first place. I was tired of reading stories where the people went on the Oregon Trail or the Santa Fe Trail and within a chapter had already reached their destination.
TINA: The cover encapsulates a scene in the story where Rebekah stands over two crosses under a weather-bared tree with her son, Andrew. The gray and black signifies her life and the life of the country. The touch of light is a reminder that even in the darkest days there is hope.
TINA: Her strength is her ability to fight for those she loves and keep pressing ahead. Her ability to forgive. Her weakness is that it takes so long for her to forgive herself and trust in someone's love when she didn't anything wrong. And maybe her strength is sometimes her weakness, because in some aspects it makes her mule headed to make things right.
TINA: I've considered the theme in detail, and I suppose it would be that through the toughest times, through pain and sorrow, through Shadows there is someone to walk with you.
I have a little poem in the beginning of the story that Rebekah wrote and it talks about the Shadows of life. How some are good, like the shadow that cools off the day, or the shadow of man cast across the land. And some are bad, that the shadow of loss or longing, or the shadow that fills your mind and torments you.
TINA: I draw inspiration from the world around me. From things that seem of little consequence. The mundane. I draw inspiration from my life. Rebekah is one character that has been cast after me and how I see myself. I believe God gives me inspiration, and hope that my stories will inspire others.
TINA: I have a second edition Kindle. I like it. Although I have tempted to get something newer. Maybe an IPAD. Someday.
TINA: We plan to head to Colorado and clean out our trailer and move some things in our shed. Now, don't everyone get all envious and want to go along. Sounds like we'll have too much fun. Or not much at all. But we will get to see family while were there and I'm looking forward to that.
Thank you all for supporting Gail during her spotlight week. If you would like a copy of the free read "A Lifetime Ago," the prequel to the Phoenix Rebellion Series, leave a message in the comments below along with your email address. Also, **everyone** who leaves a comment will be entered to receive either a free copy of "Revolution" (Book 1, The Phoenix Rebellion Series) or "Janus" (Book 1, The Phoenix Rising Series). Remember - leave your email so I can get ahold of you. Now enjoy this excerpt from "Janus."
Briggs was hot on Montgomery's heels, which seemed to be her preferred position, and President Tanner beat them to the door, opening it for them. As soon as they were alone, Jenifer took the single stride needed to bring her into John's space. He straightened slightly, but didn't move to back away from her intrusion. With him leaning on the counter, they were nearly eye level. He inhaled, his jaw working. She just stared, her hands planted at her waist, then arched a single eyebrow.
He actually chuckled and looked down, a humorless grin tipping his lips. "I'm no' hidin' anythin', Jenifer. Yeah, we looked at everythin' Nick mentioned when decidin' where I'd go, but I told him I didn't want to go to Chicago. The other cities ruled themselves out for various reasons."
He raised his chin again, but his eyes didn't meet hers. He focused downward, staring at maybe her chin to avoid her eyes. "Silas was supposed to go with me."
She almost asked, "What's that got to do with anything?" but her brain engaged before her mouth and she stopped. Drawing a slow breath, Jenifer nodded. "You didn't want to take him back to where his mother died."
"He still remembers." He did look straight at her then. "He was five years old. He remembers the bombin's, and runnin' with his mother and me to find safety." John paused, his jaw working as he ground his teeth. "He remembers his mother dyin'."
Jenifer forced her shoulders to relax and looked past him, finding a chipped spot of paint on the wall to stare at. Some of her anger drained away, unable to maintain it once she understood the reason for his decision. She'd once pegged John to be just like every other politician she ever had the misfortune of dealing with -- egotistical and fake -- but the more she shared space with him, the more she learned of him as a man, the less she believed he was the typical politician. Creating a new problem for Jenifer. It was easier to protect someone she didn't like, because every choice and action was based on reaching a final outcome -- keeping him alive, whether she thought he deserved to be, or not. The fact she actually liked John Smith had the potential of clouding her judgment, and changing her perspective. Caring didn't equate with getting the job done.
If she was smart, she'd walk away now and leave him to his own devices or to the care of Connor Montgomery and his Firebirds.
At the end of The Phoenix Rebellion, mankind -- with a new group of allies (I don't want to give away too much for those who haven't read it) -- fights back against their enemies and oppressors. The war is short, fighting lasts only three days, but the effects are devastating.
Phoenix Rising brings us back to a post-war/near-apocalyptic Earth. Entire cities were leveled in the attacks before the actual war ever began, a show of power by our enemies intended to keep us submissive. More than 3/4 of the planets population is dead. Our eco-system is suddenly floundering after being carefully controlled by technology for decades, and now not only is the technology gone, but we suffered a planetary war. Even or continents look different because entire portions have been destroyed. Coastlines are reformed, oceans and waterways rerouted. Technology, something we had begun to rely so heavily on, is spattered and undependable. Providing shelter, food, and medical care to the citizens of his world are the primary concerns of the planet's newly appointed president.
Phoenix had once been the rebellion. They had been the men and women hiding in secret to take down the enemy. Now, they control the planet. They are the saviors of a fumbling world. A new rebellion has begun, the Xenos. These are humans determined to rid our planet of all alien influence, despite the fact the DNA of our allies runs deep within our own genetic make up (That's explained in the first series, sorry...) They are not rebels, they are terrorists, killing their own for a pointless, blind cause.
But, despite all this destitution and destruction, there is hope. We have beaten back those who wanted to make us little more than slaves. We have reclaimed our world. We have made allies with races willing and able to aid us, not oppress us. We now know we aren't alone in the universe. We are regaining our sense of self, reviving old traditions and beliefs, finding our paths back to our forgotten truths. Faith and hope walk hand in hand, and we are revived.
No one believes for a moment it will be easy, each day is a struggle, and full recover could be decades away, but as the tagline says...
I love writing speculative/futuristic romance because I can really let my imagination ask the question "What if..." The big 'what if' question in this whole series is "What if we made First Contact in 2008 with a superiorly advanced race who claimed to be our ancestors?"
There are many tangents that question can take, but I'm going to focus on the way I see our world changing given this situation. Since I am writing these books set mid-21st Century, I had the latitude of adding advances while still making the world feel very similar to our own. When you consider the fact those people who would be middle aged in this series would be children now. How would this decade affect an adult in the future?
I had to consider the fact that after that point of first contact, everything changed. There might be set points in time, such as the earthquake in Japan, but social events would change. Since in this theoretical timeline, George W. Bush would have been president at first contact, I theorize everything after that would be different. It is very likely Barack Obama would not have been president as the political situations that encouraged his election would not be at play after we suddenly share our world with aliens. There would be a focus shift. And all elected officials after that, right up to the first planetary ruler in 2017, would be different.
So, in the 2050s when the Phoenix world begins, we no longer have individual countries and governments. The Earth is governed by an elected president, but prior to the 'war' our government had begun to be strongly influenced by our alien 'benefactors'. Medicine has advanced to include genetic screening, DNA manipulation, and we were just flirting with the idea of planned parenting (in that individuals would be matched for reproductive purposes with the best possible income). Many genetic defects have been theorized to have been removed from our gene pool.
Religion has slipped from our everyday lives as people have fallen under the influence of our extra-terrestrial benefactors who have convinced far too many that belief in a being greater than themselves is foolishness. Holidays as a whole, whether it be Christmas, Thanksgiving, Independence Day, any country or ethnic holiday, have been slowly removed from our calendars.
We have space flight, but only so far as our benefactors will allow, slowly feeding us tiny bits of knowledge so we feel as though the world is progressing when in truth we're being held back.
But, beneath all this are those few who think beyond the words of the aliens. Those who don't swallow the lies. Those who seek the truth. That story begins in The Phoenix Rebellion, and continues in this new series... Phoenix Rising.
John and Jenifer came about in an odd, organic kind of way. When I wrote The Phoenix Rebellion series, I had no definitive plans to write another series. So, when I decided I wanted to do another series I revisited the first for possible new stories.
John Smith XXXIV (yes, that's the thirty-fourth -- John says the Aretu of people of habit) of Aretu was introduced in the third book of The Phoenix Rebellion -- Gaining Ground. While he played a significant role, he wasn't a primary character. In my mind, John Smith was modeled after Christopher Eccleston, a British actor. For those of you who may be fans of Doctor Who, you may notice the 'double meaning' in his name. ☺
Christopher Eccleston isn't your usual hunky, good looking hero... but there is something about him I find very appealing. So, I played on that in Janus. John Smith is known across the planet as the Aretu Ambassador to Earth, and much to his chagrin, he's also considered a bit of a sex symbol. As Connor Montgomery asks his second-in-command (a woman). "So, is it the whole alien thing?"
If John was a secondary character, Jenifer should have been little more than a blip on anyone's radar. She appeared in two whole scenes in the first series -- at the end of book two -- Outcasts and the beginning of book three -- Gaining Ground. John and Jenifer have connections to each other, but never meet. That whole 'six degrees of separation' kind of thing.
My best friend and partner in crime, Jenifer Ranieri, was in a way inspiration for Jenifer. When writing the series, Jenifer asked me to write a total kick-butt heroine, even if she was there and gone, and name her Jenifer. So, I did. Little did I know she would be the perfect match for John Smith in another series.
As far as picturing Jenifer, I see Clair Forlani. She's beautiful, but there is something hidden deep behind her eyes.
GAIL: Janus is the first book in a new "Phoenix" series titled Phoenix Rising, which picks up almost a year after the end of the series The Phoenix Rebellion.
It's been a year since Humanity rose up against their alien oppressors and took back Earth from the Sorracchi. The war left Earth devastated, crippled, but not beaten. Under the leadership of President Nick Tanner and in collaboration with their new Areth and Umani allies, the Earth seeks stable ground again.
John Smith of the Areth was a soldier before his queen asked him to serve as ambassador to Earth, and he is out of his element. Restricted in his position from carrying a weapon, he has no way of defensing himself or his adopted son when the Xenos -- a group of Humans wishing to purge the Earth of all alien influence -- decide they want him dead.
Jenifer is a soldier for hire, and answers to no one but her own common sense. She first refused the "job" of serving as John's bodyguard, but a glimpse at the heart of the man convinces her to accept the responsibility.
John has two faces: a soldier and an ambassador of peace. Jenifer has two faces: the steel-skinned warrior and the forgotten person she once was. Too many people hide behind masks, and it's those hiding who want John dead.
GAIL: Way too long! I began the novel in 2008. Yes, 2008. I had several false starts, and ended up setting it aside to write a different novel -- Something Better -- contributed to the Borealis anthologies, and finish revisions on some other novels. I picked it up again this past year, and finally found the right road. Once I got started it took about 8 months.
GAIL: Not much, in truth, as it is set in the future. On occasion, I would look up a scientific fact so it read true, but other than that much of it is speculative. Most of my 'research' was going back to the original series and looking up facts and details so things read true from one series to the other.
GAIL: The book is titled Janus because Janus was a Greek god of two faces -- reflecting beginnings and endings, masks we wear, etc. This is a theme within the story: People hiding who they really are behind masks, lives beginning, parts of their lives ending. The cover was created with a reflective image to illustrate that duality.
GAIL: Her strength is her independence. She is, overall, a very strong personality. She lives on her own, for herself. She has a strong sense of loyalty to those who have proven themselves worthy of it, but she takes no guff from anyone. She lives by her own rules.
In actuality, this is also her weakness. She has put up so many walls, and pushed aside so many elements of herself, she has lost who she could be behind who she feels she has to be.
GAIL: Her mystery. John is Areth, an alien, and nearly every Areth citizen has what is known as a Talent -- a psychic ability (often more than one). One of John's many Talents is the ability to sense others emotions, their intent. He can't read minds, but if you are upset but hiding behind a stoic expression, he can feel it. But Jenifer is a blank slate to him. In the beginning, he senses absolutely nothing from her. And he finds this both frustrating and appealing. He admires her strength, admires her beauty, her intelligence, and even her sharp wit. She draws him because she pushes him away.
GAIL: Duplicity. Although the clearest element of this is illustrated with John and Jenifer -- both have pasts and elements of themselves they hide from everyone -- there are other forms of duplicity as well. Duplicity of the worst kind. Enemies in the guise of friends.
GAIL: Oh, all the place and often never the same place twice. But, per inspiration, I'd have to say much of it comes from dreams. I suppose one could argue dreams are influenced by every day events -- books we've read, things we've watched on television, conversations we've had, things we've seen but perhaps didn't even register at the time -- so, it really does come back to 'all over the place'.
GAIL: I have two. I first had a Nook first generation, which I still love. But, last year I was given an iPad as a birthday gift and I use the iBookstore app on it to read. I really love the size of the screen, the ease of changing font size and screen brightness, and the overall 'look' of the page. But, I would recommend both. If you want 'less' in your reader (don't need apps, bells and whistles) then the Nook is great.
GAIL: I actually don't have any at the moment. My husband and I had discussed flying back to the East Coast for the weekend to take care of some family matters, but then 'other' family matters came up and I think that has been put on hold. In all likelihood I'll end up just catching up on other work. I'm going to a one day writer's convention the following weekend, so I might be packing. ☺
Thanks so much for supporting Delores during her spotlight week. Leave a comment on the blog today, Saturday, and Sunday and on Monday I'll pick a name randomly to receive a PDF copy of her book. Don't forget to leave your email so we can get ahold of you if you win. Enjoy the excerpt!
Each crisp word shot a thrill of pleasure through her. Her eyes widened, and she smiled. He didn't drawl the way Tennyson's cowboy friends did. Cultured, she thought, and with a deep voice she could hear well.
"The house is over there." She nodded in Tennyson’s direction, drinking in the wonderful experience of not having to tilt her head in order to hear him.
Mauranie ground her teeth and clenched her fists, staring at him. She glanced past him to where Tennyson stood pressed against the veranda rail, her body rigid again, a grimace on her face.
"My sister sometimes keeps her suitors cooling their heels. I warn you, yours will be a long wait if you remain here. Tennyson’s hand-made boots have never seen the inside of a corral." Mauranie turned her back to Stemson and clicked the colt into motion.
"My business is with Mauranie Wells." His deep voice caused her to pause and turn back to better catch his words. "I daresay it’s you? Scott Ringer at the feed store in Mescal Flats told me your sister is a blonde. So you see, I am, after all, where I should be."
Warmth started in the core of her being and spread to engulf her. At the same time, uncertainty struck her. Had she heard him right? This nice man had come to see her? She well knew how her poor hearing sometimes tripped her up. She tensed. She had to check if she'd heard him right. She drew Showman to a stop and led him to the pole fence where the stranger stood.
"Me? What can I do to help you?" She scanned the crinkled corners of his silvered eyes, letting her gaze drop down smooth cheeks darkening with new afternoon shadow. Her tight muscles relaxed. She lifted her gaze and stared into the smile of those silvery-blue eyes.
I have observed over and again how people react in different ways to items they come into contact with, make selections from the smorgasbord of life of those offerings they most enjoy to return to for satisfaction time and again.
It started when I was a preschooler. My older sister played school with her friend and the two of them sparred, vying to see which one could first teach their younger preschool sister how to read. My sister never knew what a gift she gave me with all that personal reading coaching.
My mother had a set of 1912 - 1920's James Oliver Curwood novels that were given to her by her Aunt Irma. These books were passed on to me and I still thumb through those worn pages from time to time. I never tire of them, Back to God's Country, especially. One day my sister took me home after another day of playing school with her friend. I picked up one of my mother's Curwood novels and discovered I could read the words. I couldn't put it down. Isat on the floor in front of the bookcase and read all four Curwood books almost nonstop in just a few days. Curwood's books and later Zane Grey's series of Western novels, hooked me on reading for life. I have read all of the Zane Grey Western novels, and still have my favorite, Wildfire. My brother has the rest of the set.
When I began to write my own first Western Historical, Breaking Point, I went back and reread Curwood and Zane Grey because I wanted to write my stories the way I saw theirs - smooth, clear prose that journeyed up hills and down valleys across the pages and kept me reading, entranced, unable to put them down. Now my Western Historical series is being published.
I wrote some of my first published short stories sitting on a California mountaintop while I watched Moonrise, my part Appaloosa mare that I'd trained, play in the exercise corral at the hilltop stables that was situated so high a hazy snow cloud once hovered close enough overhead that I reached up into it and felt my hand grow icy and watched it disappear, the only time I have touched a cloud.
Moonrise was a feisty mare with personality plus, and always did something unexpected. She was never what you'd call a tame, broke horse. She was perfectly capable of ignoring a command if I neglected to make it the correct way I'd trained her since she was a young, unbroken filly. She gloried in keeping me on my booted toes as well as providing inspiration for my stories.
One time I remember well was the day the exercise corral had a number of tumbleweeds rolling about in the wind. She began to nudge at them with her nose, and then picked one up in her mouth, carried it close to where I sat somewhat sheltered from the blowing gusts, and dropped it. She cantered away after another rolling bush, caught it in her muzzle, and brought it over to pile on the first one she'd dropped. She repeated that until she'd piled four tumbleweeds in a neat stack while I watched her play with them.
In my 1989 short story Aestart and the Shadowfolk, part of a published collection of my skyhorse stories, Aestart the skyhorse saved the heroine from the swarming Shadowfolk by covering her with dried brush in a similar manner as how I'd observed Moonrise pile tumbleweeds that day.
Moonrise was also a part of one of the most special events in my life. My daughter and I were riding at the stables late one afternoon, I on Moonrise and her on her big bay, Beau, which she kept at the stables also. We rode around the barn to overlook the exercise corral,and watch the city lights come on far below, savoring the end of another nice ride together. We turned the horses around to go put them up just in time to see a huge, milk-white moon rise over the barn roof. We halted our horses and stared watching it climb on up into the sky, glorying in the specialness of experiencing the moon rise together.
Perhaps there are persons who sail through life without any unexpected moments, but I have never known one. My experience has been the persons I have known have been working to minimize issues occurring in their lives and in spite of their efforts found they were still challenged by unexpected moments they could do nothing to change.
Such a happening occurs in my debut historical romance novel Breaking Point, when the heroine Mauranie Wells, who has been in conflict with her younger sister Tennyson, finds a breaking point comes where she is backed into a corner and has no choice but to let Tennyson go and experience life for herself.
As a result, Mauranie, who has a hearing disability, is thrust suddenly into the role of adult and runs the ranch in an effort to make a living for them from their Wells Double Bar ranch, their father's legacy to them.
Sometimes coming of age happens when a young woman finds herself at an unexpected moment in a sudden point of time where she must utilize the lessons she neglected to take advantage of before, and this is what happens to Mauranie's sister Tennyson, who comes to realize growing up involves more on her part than a constant stream of new gowns and partying with bad boy Jasper Greon.
something to learn also, a new understanding of her sister, when she agrees to cowboy banker Stemson Arroyo Smith's impromptu invitation to attend the town dance, and hastily stitches together a gown for herself from her dead mother's wardrobe so she can to wear it to the event.
DELORES: Breaking Point is about sisters Mauranie and Tennyson Wells, whose tastes are totally different. Mauranie wants to move their horse ranch forward to a paying proposition in order to support them both. But Tennyson lives for the bright lights of town life. Mauranie has always taken a back seat to her social sister, preferring that because of her poor hearing. She is happily shocked when banker-cowboy Stemson Arroyo Smith rides into the Wells Double Bar one day, and does the unthinkable. He passes by her petite, beautiful sister on the veranda, and stops his horse at the corral where Mauranie is working the black colt Showman. He wants to speak with her, not her sister?
DELORES: Mauranie became my best friend for about a year's worth of long evenings at home after my day job, evenings spent listening to her tell her story in my head as I typed it. Like Mauranie, I have a hearing disability and television in those days, without captions, held no appeal for me. Radio was just noise. My children, two sons and a daughter, led busy lives and were seldom at home evenings.
DELORES:My memory was loaded with what Mauranie did with the horses because I grew up with horses and ponies. My father owned his own acreages and himself built the house we lived in and the outbuilding, so most of the information I needed was there to draw upon. The actual research I did was to determine what kind of writing I wanted to tell the story in. Earlier in my life I read my mother's old favorite books by James Oliver Curwood - she passed that set of books on to me - and the entire set of Zane Grey novels, of which I still have "Wildfire," my favorite one. My brother has the rest of the set. My father read western paperbacks constantly, and when he finished one I read it. I grew up reading western after western, and I knew I wanted to write that kind of stories.
DELORES: I feel the cover is perfect. It so reminds me of my days riding Snowball, and my heroine Mauranie Wells grew up working horses with her father. She is at home breaking and training her horse of promise, Showman, just as the woman on the cover looks natural, with a fine seat on her horse, including feet in the proper position for what the horse is doing.
DELORES: Mauranie knows what she is doing. She has adapted over the years while growing up, learned from her father how to handle and work horses, and to solve, or at least minimize, problems. She had that strength to fall back upon when she and her sister Tennyson suddenly became orphans.
Her weakness is her younger sister Tennyson. Tennyson grew up used to socializing in town with their mother and Mauranie tries to allow her younger sister to continue her own socializing way of life until their banked funds mysteriously disappear and money becomes an issue between them. She still continued to put Tennyson's unreasonable demands first, even when foreclosure on the ranch loomed, and she'd promised herself to finally say no.
DELORES: They have much in common, their love and knowledge of horses, sibling issues, and neither spends much time on the social scene. Stemson takes advantage of an unexpected opportunity to get to know Mauranie better after he meets her, and is delighted when Mauranie accepts his impromptu invitation, even though she qualifies it that she isn't into "improper."
DELORES: Families are forever. Even when her own family has problems, Mauranie Wells goes the extra mile to reunite a mother with her two children, and hero Stemson, is moved to take his own younger sister under his care.
DELORES: Relaxation. My story ideas pop into my mind when I am totally concentrating on something else. Gardening among my clover plants, working a puzzle, cooking... all are fertile ground for my mind to interrupt with a new story idea. Even a real life experience can unexpectedly bloom into a story idea later in a moment of relaxation. This happened after I trimmed the tree back from between my driveway and my neighbor's. I stood in weeds and brush to lop the branches short. I moved to a new position and stepped in a nail that went completely through my foot and out the top of my tennis shoe. I was home alone and on my own. The nail had been driven through a board hidden among the brush and the only way to get free was to stand my other foot on the long end of the board and pull my foot back off it. At a later time this experience turned into my 1991 published short story "Sweetgum," about a tree gone wild on a people.
DELORES: Yes. I have had a Kindle (2nd generation) for a while and I read all books on it! I have it set exactly the size I want to read without my glasses, and it is SO quick and easy to search by author name, then select to download from Amazon. I am hooked on ebooks!
DELORES: I will be reminiscing about my beloved parents and spreading more clover seeds in my containers. When I was a small child, my father taught me the art of finding 4-leaf clovers and the Irish luck of his family. I know this is going to sound strange, but in 1998 I had a surreal experience. I was thinking about him while I alked in a park near my California home. I looked down at the grass beside the walk, and spied a 4-leaf clover. A few steps further, another...when I finished my walk I had a whole bunch of 4-leafers in my hand. Later I started growing my own clover, and have found numerous 4-leaf clovers in my own gardens. I was privileged last spring to show one of my granddaughters how to find 4-leaf clovers and she came up with a handful of her own. I was delighted to discover she, too had the touch. I work each spring at enlargement of my Lucky Clover Garden, a memorial to my father and my heritage.
Thank you all for supporting Vijaya during her spotlight week. Leave a comment, today, Saturday, and Sunday along with your email so we can get ahold of you. On Monday, I'll pick a winner to receive a print copy of "White Tiger."
When Trixie's star freighter, Noah's Ark, drops out of jump space in an uncharted part of the universe, she believes the M‑class planet on her viewer represents hope and salvation for her motley crew and the ragtag settlers aboard her ship.
Kostas, ex Space Marine, the expert survivalist recruited for this expedition, doesn't believe in coincidences, and knows that when something looks too good to be true, it usually is.
Everyone on this voyage to seed a new planet with life, is running from something, and harbors dangerous secrets... including Trixie, who vowed to never let a man control her life again. As for Kostas, he would get lynched on the spot if anyone suspected who he really is.
But on this seemingly abandoned planet, others are watching, herding them for evil purposes... And when the truth emerges and secrets unravel, Trixie and Kostas will have to fight for survival, for freedom, and for the right to love...
"I took the liberty of loading two large pallets of weapons." Kostas pointed to the place in the column where he’d positioned them.
"How typical!" Trixie’s voice erupted loud and cutting, with a hint of exasperated sarcasm. "I specifically requested survival supplies only." She counted on her gloved fingers. "Livestock, food, medicine, tools..."
Her attitude sluiced Kostas like an icy shower. Tempted to clam up, he decided otherwise but struggled to keep his tone neutral and low. "You’ll need these weapons if whoever shot us down comes looking for us."
"We were shot down by automated defenses on the small moon." Trixie shook her head in obvious frustration. "No one manned the guns. We detected no ships in the vicinity."
Kostas ground his teeth, then struggled to keep his voice civil. "I beg to disagree, Captain. Whoever built that moon station did it for a reason. Some advanced civilization staked a claim on this planet, and they may return at any time."
"If they ever return." Trixie’s visible efforts to calm herself failed as her voice rose again. "That battery of cannons might have been on the moon for centuries. That race may never come back, or not in this millennium. But without food, many of these people will die of starvation or related disease before the end of the winter."
"Hold it, Captain." Kostas wouldn’t let her blame him for doing the right thing. "We still might be able to get more rations tomorrow."
"Orders are orders, soldier." Her voice dropped to a quiet but threatening level. "I expect you of all people to follow them to the letter."
Kostas refused to apologize for his actions. "May I remind you, Captain, that we are not on your ship anymore. You have no authority on land, and I am the survival expert on this expedition."
She just stared at him, open-mouthed. Afraid he’d say something he might regret, Kostas tightened his jaw and held Trixie’s glare without flinching. She didn’t flinch either. So much fire in those cool blue eyes. Damn! She was beautiful when angry.
A paperback copy of WHITE TIGER (Book One in the series) will be sent to one commenter. Please leave your email so we can contact you about where to mail the book.
It’s only been a month since Noah’s Ark was published, and while I have temporarily turned to a different series for another publisher, I’m still grieving. Leaving a world I’ve been living in for several years is always a sad thing. So sad that I’m already thinking about returning to the world of Kassouk. It’s going to be a while, but when my current project is over, I’ll probably add another book to the Chronicles of Kassouk. Whether it’s the story of Humans finally finding the planet where the original settlers crashed, or something that happened between the prequel and Book One, I still don’t know. But deep in the recesses of my brain, somewhere out of my reach, a new story of Kassouk is brewing.
I miss the swords and blasters, and the courageous humans fighting for their freedom from bondage against impossible odds. I miss the snow. Would you believe it? I don’t even like the cold. That’s why I live in Arizona.
When I first started writing White Tiger, it was destined to be a short story, a novella at best. It was also a challenge to overcome my distaste for the cold. What better than a frozen planet? Little did I know that this short story would end up taking me on such a wondrous journey. With five complete novels, this series is becoming some kind of entity with a life of its own. Kassouk might someday find its way into the encyclopedias... or at least Wikipedia. Why not?
I’ve always loved to get lost in a world created from a writer’s imagination. Long ago, when I was still in France (where I was born and raised) I used to read the DUNE series by Frank Herbert. It was a fascinating world of dunes, a sea of sand. Little did I know I would someday create a world of my own, and sustain it through the course of many novels.
A writer is allowed to dream. What’s next for this white, snowy world? A Kassouk TV series? A blockbuster movie? Don’t be afraid to dream. In this world of instant media, anything can happen in the blink of an eye. Pardon the cliché.
In the meantime, I invite you all to read the complete CHRONICLES OF KASSOUK, in eBooks from the Prequel down to the four next books. And if you only read print, WHITE TIGER (book one) was just released in paperback, for a very friendly price...
As an author, I write romance in futuristic and medieval settings, and sometimes, I mix both into the same series, like in the Chronicles of Kassouk, where I pit a medieval society against an advanced technological race. And contrary to modern logic, medieval humans are smart, very resourceful and full of surprises... enough to outdo their betters. Everyone enjoys seeing the oppressed win in the end.
A number of new authors are now also writing medieval as well as science fiction novels, but this is not a new phenomenon. Marion Zimmer Bradley in the eighties and nineties wrote in both science fiction and medieval genres with her Mists of Avalon (Arthurian legends) series and her Darkover (speculative fiction) series, and she met with great success in both genres. Most of her readers did cross over the genres to read all her books. I was one of them.
Writing the past or the future is not so far apart. Research is still research. For the future, instead of researching historical facts, you research modern science in order to project where the next logical evolutionary step will lead, and what kind of future society it will likely engender. Creating an unfamiliar world and making it real to the reader, whether in the past or in the future, requires the same skills, the same kind of imagination that projects into a world with different sets of rules, a different political climate, different dress codes, eating habits, different laws and ethics, different religious beliefs, different taboos, etc.
The only thing that doesn’t change through the ages is people. Although we would like to believe that we evolved over the last millennia, we really haven’t. Despite our fancy laws, we still have serial killers and terrorists. Given the opportunity, any human being will behave in the same noble or despicable manner now as he or she would have centuries ago. And in the future, it will probably still be the case.
Of course, in the future there also might be robots, cyborgs, and clones which might operate under a different set of rules. But is that so different from the rules controlling the slaves of ancient times?
The struggle for justice, however, like the need for love and freedom, are timeless and constant themes that keep repeating in the past, the present, and will most likely endure in the future. Because these needs are inherent to human nature.
In conclusion, whether a writer tackles the past or the future, what carries a story, beyond the action, adventure and plot, is human emotion.
I’m glad I had the opportunity to write the prequel to this series. NOAH’S ARK does explain a lot about how these modern humans who came in a spaceship lost their technology and reversed to a medieval level of civilization. It’s not a natural evolution. It was forced upon them by the powerful aliens who claimed and exploited the planet where they crashed. Of course, it had to be an exciting adventure, with a central romance, lots of action and worthwhile conflicts to forge the beginning of this new society. I believe NOAH’S ARK is all of that.
In Book One, WHITE TIGER, after several centuries the human settlers have all but forgotten their true origins. All that remains of their past are legends mixed with superstition. By then they have adapted to this wintry world, they have their own history, and they are ruled and kept ignorant of technology by a powerful advanced race who exploits them for their own purpose. The heroine, White Tiger, raised by a military man, is a captain in the human cavalry. She knows there is hidden technology, although she doesn’t have access to it. The hero is a highly educated handsome Mutant, Dragomir... the result of breeding experiments mixing human and alien DNA. And boy, is he gorgeous!
In Book Two, RED LEOPARD, a few generations after White Tiger, the hero is the first human to access the governing council of Kassouk. Terek is highly educated, although the population at large is not, and he is in charge of the city in the king’s absence. The heroine is a cool, double edge sword alien female, a warrior princess, who has more human than alien traits, and is considered flawed among her people. The issue here is one of trust.
In Book Three, BLACK JAGUAR, the planet is warming and the human population has reached the stage of building large sea-faring galleons. Our hero is a Zerker prince, Kahuel of Yalta, a descendant of White Tiger’s mortal enemies. They now have evolved into a civilized society. When he embarks on a voyage of adventure and discovery, he finds primitive humans who can read minds where no humans should be. As for the heroine, Talina, she is innocent and pure, highly spiritual, connected to the land and her people, and she can read the heart of this warrior prince, who fits the prophecy of her people.
In BLUE LIONESS, still further in time, the kind Mutant king dies a suspicious death and is replaced by a Mutant council hostile to humans. Ariela of Kassouk, a Black Sword captain educated beyond the allowed human limits, feels she is the only one who can help the human race avoid slavery. She needs help, and Starro, crown prince of the Star People, the mysterious tribe from beyond the sea, might just provide what she needs... but he has frightening supernatural powers...
I believe all societies are in constant flux and subject to all kinds of influences. I’m fascinated by history, so writing a society of my own and watching it evolve from book to book was a very exciting experience. I enjoyed writing every page.
VIJAYA: It’s about the female captain of a star freighter full of human settlers and domestic animals, and plant seeds, and frozen embryos, on a scientific mission to jump-start life and settle a new planet. When they fall out of jump space in the vicinity of an M-class planet, she realizes they are lost in an uncharted part of space. Then they are shot down, and crash land on the planet, which happens to be habitable, although freezing cold. Her survival expert is a Space Marine, Kostas, but as a military type, he has a very different idea of what must be done.
VIJAYA: It takes me about five to six months to write a full length novel. For most authors, it’s considered slow. But I want my books to be unique and fascinating. I want my characters to come alive on the page, I want an unpredictable plot and action, as well as deep emotional conflicts.
VIJAYA: Funny enough, for this fifth book in the Chronicles of Kassouk series (although now it comes first in the series) I had to research... my own books. I had to reread and take apart all the other books in the series, because it’s been a while since I wrote the first books, and for this prequel I had to gather all the tiniest clues and threads I had sewn into the tapestry of this world I had created. It’s like writing a story backwards. In the previous novels, I alluded to all kinds of things that happened in the past and had turned into legends or traditions. Now I had to dig out these legends, like an archeologist, examine the evidence, and reconstruct the true facts behind the myths. It was kind of fun.
VIJAYA: I love the cover. It’s perfect. The star freighter is marooned in the snow, in front of this medieval citadel of Kassouk, which is the background for most of the covers, and most of the stories in this series. It’s incongruous, just like the situation of my human settlers, faced with medieval technology. But of course, there is a lot more going on...
VIJAYA: She is a leader, a captain, and her responsibility is to keep crew and passengers alive and well. But she also hide deep wounds. She didn’t do so good in her private life. She is fleeing from an overbearing father and running away from a disastrous marriage. She swore she would never let a strong man control her life again. Yet she is a lover and an optimist to a fault. She wants to believe that this planet is their lucky break despite the tragedy that befell them. It takes her a while to realize that the hero was right, and their situation is not exactly what it seems...
VIJAYA: Her optimism. He is the exact opposite, and for good reasons. As the survival expert of the expedition, he points out everything that can and will go wrong. And he is a warrior, not a lover. But secretly, he admires her ability to keep a positive outlook and to make the most of any bad situation. He cannot help being attracted to her bubbling, charming personality (even when she berates him for not following her orders).
VIJAYA: We can overcome any odds and love can triumph in any circumstances. Love is just as important as hope, food, and technology for a community to survive in the direst conditions. Love and compassion is their salvation, whether or not they are aware of it. Another underlying theme is overcoming racism, not just skin color, not just cultural differences... not even alien races. It’s something much more insidious, invisible, yet fundamental and gut wrenching...
VIJAYA: Night dreams, hours of daydreaming, the science channel, the history channel, I’m avid for knowledge of the past and the possible futures. I read, I watch movies. My mind is constantly absorbing, analyzing, digesting, and plotting new stories.
VIJAYA: I love my kindle. Since I bought it I can’t stop reading. I’m discovering new talented authors. This eBook revolution is the best thing that ever happened to enrich the human mind.
VIJAYA: Not at this time. But if I did, it would be a much later story in the chronicles, the story of the humans of Kassouk making first contact with humans from earth. What if a vessel from earth came to them? How would both parties react to the way their cultures have changed over many centuries? It would be an interesting confrontation. Would they be friends or enemies? That story is brewing in the back of my mind and might one day surface as a novel.
"No, it's ok," she said tossing her purse and keys back on the little table by the door. "I was mostly looking for a diversion. Come on in."
"I was afraid of being too early." Jake looked a little sheepish, and she couldn't help but smile back at his disarming face.
It was Anne's turn to look sheepish. Just for a moment, she hoped he didn't notice that the pizza box was now empty... There were some things a lady never revealed, and one of those feminine mysteries was her ability to devour pizza.
My heroine, Anne, is a diehard romantic. She believes in soul mates, a man created especially for her. But how do you recognize "The One?"
I'm a big romantic. I've always been this way. I read poetry. I believe in miracles. I believe my husband was made for me, and I have a few reasons, looking back over our lives before we met. I believe he's "The One" meant for me, so that means that I could never be happier with another man. Rationally, I think that my attitude makes our marriage that much more blissful. There is no Plan B here. He's IT, and I never wonder if the grass might be greener, because to me that 's impossible.
What about you? Do you believe in soul mates, or do you think that the relationships in our lives are what we make of them? I'd love to hear your take on it!
I love creating characters, but they aren't so unique as some might think. A lot of times, I create characters from people I've known in my life, people who have affected me in some way, or just people I've watched in the street thinking, "Well, now, that's an interesting fellow..."
Once they're on paper, I have to put myself in their shoes and figure out what I'd do if I were them. That pretty much brings it back full to circle to ME. A lot of myself goes into characters. Many of the stories from Charity Falls came from my own family history. Some of the stories are purely fiction, and others are purely fact. I wonder if you'd be able to guess which is which?
A. Jake's grandmother hits her father over the head with an iron skillet when he is drunkenly beating her mother.
B. A man married his sweetheart before going off to war and comes home to a surprise--a toddler at her knees!
C. A church is demolished, either burned down or swept away in a storm, four times during its lifetime in a little town.
D. A miner nearly walks over the edge of cliff underground and is saved by a friend who reaches out and catches him by the back of his coat.
These are all little stories from the town of Charity Fall in my novel, but two of these stories are real from my family history. Can you guess which ones?
One of the major tension in this book is the small town of Charity Falls versus Anne's previous home of New York City. It might seem like a bit of an overdone dichotomy for a novel, but this one is personal for me. I grew up moving all over the place in Canada. I went to high school in a small town (much like Charity Falls) and then went off to college in the largest city in Canada. I'm a city girl at heart. I love traffic and hubbub, smog and pigeons. I was in my element living right downtown.
When I got married and we moved away for work, we ended up in a small community again. I didn't think I'd settle in as well as I have, but I just love it! I love running into people I know from church in Walmart. I love that we have about five main thoroughfares, a mall that has about fourteen stores in it, and parks sprinkled liberally all over the place. This is a beautiful little place to raise our son, and I'm grateful for the change of pace. That said, there are still times that I stand, looking out the window at night thinking, "I miss pigeons. And China Town. And that smell of garbage in the summer..."
Desert Breeze Publishing, Inc. was conceived, developed and launched to provide a place for readers and authors to go where they can find non-erotica/non-erotic romance novels without having to search through the plethora of erotica currently offered. No one can deny that there has been a massive surge in the erotica market in the last few years, and more and more publishers offer this genre. And while many publishers offer 'all' genres from inspirational to erotic, for those readers seeking non-erotic manuscripts, the hunt can be difficult. We want to make it easy. The initial idea to open Desert Breeze Publishing, Inc. was hatched late one night in November of 2006. We were discussing the market - both in electronic and traditional publishing - and how we found it more difficult to find books that could be qualified as non-erotic or non-erotic romance.
Get a Free Estimate, first Name, last Name. Not valid on prior purchases, special orders or trunk shows. The Carolina Girl is a 38 Viking. Perhaps you want a vacation that actually doesn&apos;t make your waist widen..
Other Students Quality Logo Products 10 off customizable products; up to 250 in savings. We produce dog beds for large dogs factory direct and made in America. They will help you choose the right vacation at the..
Score free shipping on orders of 29! View details Sale Coupon Verified! Youll receive an email from Bed Bath Beyond with printable coupons for 20 off and exclusive offers on clearance items. No matter how you slice..
Sample and coupon selections change throughout the year. Then go to this website to add the P G everyday shopper card coupons into your card so that you can get the savings by scanning your card at the checkout. These are the best deals at Walgreens for the week of October 26th November 1st, 2014. Points may be redeemed once you have at least 5,000 in your account. 18,000 Points 20 Credit into your Balance Rewards account. (3) Pantene Conditioner. Click here to learn more FAQs of P G everyday shopper card program This month P Gbrandsaver Coupon Book has these saving coupons worth over 101, including:.00 off wild florida airboat coupon Olay.00 off Swiffer.00 off Gillette Fusion ProGlide Razor.00 off Secret Clinical Strength.00 off Tide. 10,000 Points 10 Credit into your Balance Rewards account. Even better, once you become a P G Everyday Solutions member you will also have access to the. Click on Coupons Samples at the top and then By Mail to see what is available. 5,000 Points 5 Credit into your Balance Rewards account. (3) free Pantene Conditioner or Styler wyb Pantene Shampoo Coupon (10/26 P G) 12, earn 5,000 Balance Reward Points 7,.17.
No app download is needed. Type your offer, then adjust the size with the handles on the text box. I was following the excellent tutorial. T about taking crappy photos of coupons. On the right, click the
You can use a coupon on each bogo sale item. She said their policy is only 1 coupon per product. Food Lion has some great deals starting Wednesday including Mother&apos;s Day flowers, a 10 gift card promotion
More Vermont Country Store Discussions This question has 0 votes by It looks like Vermont Country Store does not do price matching at this time. Check back soon to find the answer. Click on the offer button
Over the last decade, the International Real-Time Ada Workshops have provided a focus for identifying problems with the use of the Ada language in real-time applications, proposing solutions for those problems, evaluating proposed language changes, and sharing experiences in using Ada in industrial applications.
The Polaris® Krios handheld digitizing scanner can be used to measure, identify, and map electrode positions (via attached markers) in EEG, MEG, NIRS, PSG, and ECG tests. The Polaris Krios is based on optical 3D measurement technology that scans up to 256 markers in less than 2 minutes to accuracy within 0.5 mm and repeatability of 0.1 mm. Real-time compensation for data variability ensures only actual markers are measured for mapping and registration purposes.
Operate the Krios with ease – its balanced one-hand grip, handy start/stop trigger button, color-coded LED status indicator lights, and audio cues maximize scanning efficiency.
Improve the detection of obstructed electrodes and electrode positioning with one-touch localization and registration of fiducial points such as the nasion, inion, and preauricular points.
Scan right away – self-calibrating markers attach to any sized or shaped electrode, in any order. No position calculations or sequencing are required. Marker positions are automatically mapped.
Capture marker positions to accuracy within 0.5mm and a repeatability of 0.1mm. Only actual markers are measured for electrode mapping purposes.
Save significant electrode registration time – up to 256 markers can be scanned in less than 2 minutes. Markers are then automatically mapped and registered.
The Polaris Krios is based on optical measurement technology; the scanner uses light reflected by markers to determine their position coordinates.
3. Probe anatomical features to establish fiducial (reference) points with respect to the rigid body, such as the nasion, inion, and preauricular points of the subject’s head.
The rigid body is transformed from the Krios coordinate system to the subject coordinate system. Using the Krios software, operators can append notes to electrode positions. The final point cloud with all identified marker coordinates, fiducial points, and notes, is saved as a .CSV file for export to the signal analysis software. The point cloud can then be mapped to a pre-defined electrode configuration within the signal analysis software.
Products presented on this site are not intended for diagnosis or treatment of disease, unless otherwise stated.
love this table, too- for a new year's dinner with friends. We have actually secured a babysitter and will be going out! Happy almost 2009 to you. (photo source unknown)
We're in New Year's Eve limbo as we're trying to figure out whether we will be spending a quiet evening at home with a couple of friends, or a fairly quiet evening out on the town with friends. All depends on finalizing our babysitter...whom we haven't heard back from. Regardless- I'm envisioning a peaceful night one way or another. I love this image from Skona Hem..would love to have a set-up like this.
Our christmas tree is down as are our decorations. But for some reason I'm having a hard time moving on from the season! This is the last holiday post, I promise.
But I couldn't resist this (via unpretentious style). I'm a sucker for any story that pulls on the heart strings. Apparently this one wreath company has donated thousands of wreaths to Arlington memorial each year. Makes me want to get my wreath from them this coming christmas. Click here to read the full story.
I'm still buzzing after running into power couple Keith Urban and Nicole Kidman while picking up lunch this afternoon. And yes- she is as pretty in person- damn her!
I'm also having to calm myself from all of the sales going on...including my fave Hable Construction holiday stockings. Lucky for me, we already have a mantel full of them, but I am very tempted by the dog bones motif for my two labs. Their shipping prices are ABSURD however, so for the time being, that's keeping me in check.
They have a great new feature on their site called 'design your mantel.' Just click and drag stockings from their selection to see how they will look together. It's fun to play around with, even if you don't buy.
Love, love, love the work of Thayer Allyson Gowdy. Her pictures of the peanut butter and pencils show just how a great photographer (and stylist) can elevate the ordinary to something spectacular. When I looked through her portfolio, I realized she photographed one of my all-time favorite weddings- Lena Corwin's!
Her website has a supercute I 'heart' theme...reminds me of the great bag Joanna posted about when she got engaged. Check it out here.
I've always considered myself a grateful person. Grateful for the family and friends in my life. Grateful for the opportunities I've had. But for the past 3 years on December 28th, I've considered myself particularly grateful. My husband, his family and I were all in a bus crash in Costa Rica while on Christmas vacation in 2005. If it weren't for the physical scars that remind me that it really did happen (and the photos taken by the press), I would almost think it was just a vivid, bad dream.
That's me on the top photo, after being extracted from the wreck, the rescue workers attempting to remove me in the middle (I was underneath that bus!) and my husband on the bottom photo in the blue arm splint. If I ever get really frustrated with him, all I have to do is take a look at that one to give myself some perspective. After getting out from under that thing, I kept repeating over and over and over to my rescuers, 'gracias.'
I hope in these trying times we can mentally strip away all of the things that really don't matter and focus on the ones that do. I'm thankful this year to have a healthy son that I adore, a roof over my head (albeit with a tree-punctured hole), a loving group of family and friends, and a job that I love.
Gracias to you for joining me this year at Party Perfect. I'm looking forward to another great one with you in 2009.
Gen had a little soirée at her beautiful mod log cabin yesterday. Unfortunately, the level of natural light was not great- so the pictures are a tad blurry, but you still get a sense of the setting. It was so fun to have all of the kids and good friends together. Everyone was in a festive mood! I hope you are enjoying your time off with family and friends.
In Allison's words, "Just went to my friends' Amy (of Sideshow Press) and David's holiday party last weekend. So very festive, their house was so warm and inviting: complete with a tinsel tree decorated with old ornaments, feather wreaths (Amy's mom made magnolia/ pheasant feather wreaths taken from their Christmas tree farm in Mississippi....they looked phenomenal and hung on every window! very resourceful too). Of course the food did not disappoint, a complete spread of wonderful party food: yummy stuffed dates, backyard bbq with jars of sauce given out as party favors at the end of the evening, beautifully iced cookies in every color and shape. I could go on and on about the food! With so many people scaling back this Christmas it was so wonderful to be welcomed into the home of such dear friends and celebrate the season. It certainly puts you in the mood for the Holidays! I love the photo of Amy and David's son, Otto, with his first beer...I believe he mistook it for his own bottle...oops, the holidays have that way of making everyone merry!
Thanks for the wonderful photos Peter Frank Edwards...you certainly captured the spirit of the holidays and the Pastre home. Happy holidays to all!"
Thank you, Allison- for once again sharing a great party with us. For two other fun parties I've run across, look here and here.
I'm starting to wrap up this week's posts and am left with an odds & ends pile of 'stuff', that I can't bear not to post - simply to archive them, if nothing else.
I was flipping through some of my husband's old baby albums the other day, and ran across these vintage Christmas photocards. Apparently there was one variation- candy cane horizontal or candy cane vertical! I don't know why I thought this was a new invention...so funny to see these from the late 70's.
There's a great garland collection from Flickr via Desire to Inspire. Click here to see many more! photo by alexandra mason
Do you have friends that you are in awe of? My friend, Miller, is one of those people. She's a mother of 3 girls under the age of four, and yet somehow managed to make Christmas gifts for friends. This year she delivered a belated birthday gift for my son, Gram...a freestyle hand-embroidered American Apparel tee (we love it!). She also decoupaged a picture of her girls atop a simple red box, filled with holiday m&m's. It's a simple, but really lovely, idea. Of course...I have no willpower, so the candy is already gone!
I can hardly believe we are less than 4 days away from Christmas! Where has the time gone? I'm scrambling to get all of my holiday-inspired posts out before we hit the big day.
Setting the table for a holiday gathering is sometimes a last-minute affair. I've chosen the above settings because they are all both beautiful and achievable.
From top: Once Wed is doing a fantastic series of table-setting ideas (top six photos). Remember the lovely Victorian table from earlier that was a favorite? I'm currently in love with the owl and bird from the 'kitschy' wedding and the paper doily chandelier. Remember: wedding ideas can easily translate to everyday entertaining as well!
Remaining photos: candlelight table from Pure Style; apple tiers from Frolic (not really a holiday photo, but I think this can be done for a festive table as well); deer-inspired setting by emma's designblogg; bubblegum in glass container from Eddie Ross; candy-cane urn via Desire to Inspire; white table setting from Cookie...look closely- there are amazing milk container tealight 'houses'.
Free, high-quality stock photos are great. But its super difficult to find them because they are not tagged or categorized.
We've added a feature to Passel, that allows anyone to add tags to images. This allows us to use the power of the community to make Passel better, every day!
New blood, post here! Introduce yourself to your killers, and try to generate some sympathy for your handicapped state.
"WTFS!? I GOT BANNED?" "OMGWTFBBQ WALLHAX!!!1`" Accusations and pleadings go here, folks. Be sure to include player's name and SteamID (whole thing, including STEAM_0). If you're asking about your banning, you must include your ID.
Politics, religion, social mores, and other stuff that makes your blood boil. Please restrict your posts to the topic.
Apr 26, 2018 | Banking, Lifestyle, Living Abroad, Money Transfer Companies, Offshore Banking, Travel, Travel Banking, Travel Hacking
If you are looking for a credit card that offers member rewards and discounts, then look no further than the Chase credit card. With excellent interest rates and an array of special offers for consumers, the Chase credit card has created quite a buzz. Right now you can apply for a 0% interest credit card valid up to six months on all purchases. This means that you can use this card for just about anything, even paying off current loans, with absolutely NO interest for six full months!
Take advantage of this offer now because after the six month introductory period, the interest rate increases to 8.99%. This is still a fantastic opportunity considering the fact that the post-introductory rate is still much less than comparable credit cards in circulation. What else makes Chase credit cards outstanding is that there are no annual fees. What this means for you, the consumer, is that there is never a membership fee to use your Chase card. And with Chase, you could get approved for up to a $100,000 credit limit!
In contrast to other credit cards, the consumer is rewarded for signing up with Chase through discount programs, special promotions, and member savings. And with consistent on-time payments, using the Chase credit card will raise your credit score and appear as a positive factor on your credit report. This is extremely easy to accomplish with Chase’s low interest rates.
Chase also offers personalized services such as money transfers. Additionally you may opt to sign up for a prepaid credit-card, which will allow you to control the amount of money available to you and improve your credit without the risk of overspending or making late payments. While credit cards are great for making purchases when you don’t have the cash to do so, they are also the perfect tool for improving your credit status. If you are frugal with your money and timely with monthly payments, then you would be a perfect candidate for a Chase credit card.
Chase offers their services only to those who are in good-standing with their creditors, and who have shown consistently positive factors on their credit reports. For being diligent with your financial assets, Chase rewards its customers with special discounts and fantastic rewards. A good credit history will also afford you the luxury of lower interest rates than people with poor credit would receive. With such low interest rates, you can actually end up saving money on your credit card purchases.
If you’re wondering about the types of rewards and discounts offered by Chase, here is one of the most popular: The Chase Travel Rewards are perfect for consumers who drive or fly out of town frequently. With Travel rewards, you are granted a 0% interest rate on travel-related purchases for up to a full year! The interest rates on Travel Rewards increase after one year, but just like the regular interest rates on a Chase credit card, you will find that they are much lower than other comparable credit cards.
Ben was a seriously broke graduate student with bad credit who after finding himself rejected for any sort of credit card or loan for most of his adult life, finally decided to get his financial life in order. 'He spent several years reading as many financial advice books and blogs as he could.And suprisingly, Ben found he actually LIKED the topic of personal finance; after fixing his own finances, starting his own successful work at home website business, and using his earnings to get out of debt, created echeck.org to help others do likewise!
eCheck.org is a financial help website dedicated to helping the average person take control of their finances. We offer detailed guides about getting loans, fixing your credit, opening bank accounts, investing money, paying taxes, etc.
This site may be compensated through third party advertisers. There may also affiliate links to Amazon on some pages.However, all of our product recommendations are base on our personal objective opinion and are not affiliated with any particular brand or productFor more information, please see our Advertiser Disclosure.
Long and medium-sized hair look gorgeous as it is one of the most beautiful type of hair. This exquisite type of hairstyle does not only make everyone turn head to your direction, but it is also easy to make. Properly made curly hairstyles look natural and breathtaking.
Long and curly hairstyles can be very supportive during the time of winter. Isn’t it? This article is about some curly hairstyles which you can use th ...
What could be sexier than voluminous hair with big curls gently lying on women's shoulders? If you want to look like a princess at the upcoming celebr ...
// Do you have some spare time? So, it's time to use hair curlers. To make a beautiful hairstyle for long hair, it is not necessarily to curl ...
// I have straight, thick hair, as many people know, curlers do not hold longer than 2-3 hours, and it is not what you want to get. There is ...
Upper Darby Twp., PA - A man police say is responsible for a deadly hit-and-run that killed a man and his dog is now in custody. The accused driver turned himself in.
Those words from investigators as 58-year-old Earnest Marks was lead off to jail. Police say he was the driver of a car when it plowed into 69-year-old Richard Patterson Sunday evening as the retired carpenter walked his dog "baby" to his home just a block away.
"He didn't stop because he was under suspension. His driving record over the years shows that he has had 11 motor vehicle suspensions," Upper Darby Police Superintendent Michael Chitwood said.
Chitwood says Marks admitted his involvement and told investigators he didn't know he hit Patterson until he saw news reports and video of his car the next day. He stashed the heavily damaged car in the 800 block of North 47th street in West Philadelphia just around the corner from his Felton Street home. He surrendered to police on Tuesday after his attorney contacted investigators.
"To say that he didn't know what he hit, but he knew he hit something is absolutely ludicrous in my mind," Chitwood added.
Detectives say Marks was traveling 50 to 60 miles per hour in a 35 mph speed zone when he struck Patterson as he crossed the street with his poodle. Patterson, a husband and father of three, was dragged 50 feet. The poodle was also killed. Marks is now charged with causing an accident involving death, driving while suspended and other counts.
America is at that awkward stage. It's too late to work within the system, but too early to shoot the bastards. - Claire Wolfe
Good Morning all...hope you have a fabulous day!!!! Heading out in a bit to chop wood with hubby and the boy...then off to my moms tonight for a bonfire...gonna be a great day1!!!!
I had to work so I saw very little of family over Easter Sunday. But my mom did make me a platter that I will have today for lunch.
Good morning. My husband went to dinner at his aunt and uncle's. His spunky aunt is in her eighties, and still likes to host Easter dinner. She still works part-time at a job she likes, too. His uncle is in his nineties. I have good memories of every Easter I've spent with them, especially the most recent time, but this time stayed home and worked. Also have a cold it would be nice if other people didn't have to catch. My husband had it already, and is pretty much over it.
It is a beautiful morning out there today. Cool breeze and sunny skies before warming up to almost 80. I'll take it.
Going on a hike on the AT this weekend. From the Lehigh Gap on Blue Mountain, southbound, as far as we make by Sunday afternoon.
Mark not sure where you are but had article in local paper Great White close to Wildwood. Have co-worker there this weekend.
“Our culture has accepted two huge lies. The first is that if you disagree with someone’s lifestyle, you must fear or hate them. The second is that to love someone means you agree with everything they believe or do. Both are nonsense. You don’t have to compromise convictions to be compassionate.” - Rick Warren
Just checkin' in to say hi, it's been a while! Seems there's not much activity on these boards these days...
"Before you come out swinging, let me tell you something. Nobody steals to do nice things. You name it and they'll steal for it...narcotics, blackmail, sex. Nobody steals to build hospitals."
Looks like the wx will wait until this afternoon so we are a GO for our Second Saturday Fly In at KEHR today from 10 - 2PM local. Food is served from 11-1PM.
Reminder - the KEHR ramp remains under construction so parking is adjacent to the construction area.
In this area we will put information that is timely and of interest to our members. Like: Fly-Outs for FOOD, notice of Chapter 21 Meetings, hot links to websites that would be of interest to pilots and home builders. Let us know what you would like to see here.
Post your feedback about amiga's websites of the web, good ideas and improvements for them will be cool.
Updated to icon.library 46.4.237 (Be careful, this is just a snapshot, a nightly built from a drunken coder)
BTW, the icon.library is now completely based on my own source code. It is finally independent and free of the AmigaOS copyright restrictions.
Thanks guys. This library is complete in terms of independence now, but it is still not finished yet. After the next Aminet release is done I will try to write my own internal PNG decoding function to get rid of the slow detour through the datatype system.
No sorry, I can speed up the PNG decoding, but the icons will still use the OS 3.5+ typical colormapping, and therefore they won't be faster than OS 3.5 icons. Maybe, in a second step, I could add the possibility to draw the truecolor icons directly to the screen as this is done by the PowerIcons patch or AfA_OS, but I don't know when this could be realized??
Btw, If you want more speed then don't used this damned slow DOpus Magellan II. It has its own icon.module and I can't do much for DOpus5 and also don't like it.
Perhaps you can use meynaf's PNG decoding routine. This ASM version is free, but you can write own version, maybe will be better.
Sorry for not testing these faster (as I normally do) but my daughter recently born 2 weeks ago so I gave all my attention to her and my wifey
I just tried the last version and it works awesome as always! For some reason the test icons on your AllIconsOnWB archive seemed a lot faster (especially the PNG ones).
I also converted an icon via CopyIcon from OS4 format to classic format and from 17KB it reduced to 4.9KB and with a lot greater speed!
Congratz for at LAST getting out of shity copyright Amiga Inc stuff restrictions. I really hope other coders will have your success
You have a lot of sun, you have giros and wine, you have a nice wifey and now you're also the proud father of a little girly, what else do you want ??
For some reason the test icons on your AllIconsOnWB archive seemed a lot faster (especially the PNG ones). I also converted an icon via CopyIcon from OS4 format to classic format and from 17KB it reduced to 4.9KB and with a lot greater speed!
Hmm, I don't know if there is any difference compared to the previous versions, but if it's faster for you now there must be a nice hidden feature, that's ok, of course
It's not the biggest problem to build such a PNG decoding routine, since I already have the specification of the PNG file structure and also the source code of the PowerIcon patch from Elena Novaretti. No, it's more the lack of self-motivation to start the job and get it done.
But, why don't you start coding yourself, clauddio ?? Never say, you couldn't do it, you will learn it by doing and here, at EAB, are many coders who would help you if there is something too difficult. Just try it.
The latest icon.library v238 seems to eat all my chipram in a heartbeat. I used DISABLEROMMODULES "" as adviced. I even downgraded from newicon.library v45 to v44 but all the same. With v228 no probs.
The latest icon.libraries are checking if FBlit is running before they switch to FastMem on WB 3.0/3.1. This was different with 46.4.228, it was always using FastMem as default memory.
If you use WB 3.5, then you can put the command WBCtrl ICONFAST into the startup-sequence just before LoadWB. And WB 3.9 has the Workbench preferences where you can choose FastMem (other memory) for icons.
If really nothing seems to work then try this (I did not check it out yet because my Pizza and Red Wine are waiting)
I'm running OS 3.9, no FBlit but Mediator with Voodoo (see sig). I already had "WBCtrl IMT=ICONFAST" and in Workbench-preferences "Other memory". I also tried IconsToFastmem in place of the WBCtrl-command. Sadly none of these options worked. When WB loads there's 1.5Mb chipram left, as I try to open DOPUS 4, it can't open the screen an instead reverts to 4-color PAL screen (all chipram gone).
EDIT: I also downloaded the new Aminet-release v240, same thing here. I reverted back to v228 for now. And btw. I also have the PowerIcons-patch running.
are you sure that it's 46.4.228 which is doing the job for you, and not 225 ?? I was wrong, 228 is not using FastMem by default like 225 is doing it. I'm a bit confused now, what's really going wrong on your system. So, I need some more information. Is it really DOpus 4, not DOpus 5, which makes the problem with falling back into 4-color mode ?
I have this mod since 1992 and i always wondered, who is the author, but i found no info about it anywhere on the net.
We are just a call away from you, connect with us via a call on 520-686-5585 and our representative will address your concern at once.
For any query or feedback, please fill up the form below and our representative will reply to you in a while:
I.1. X Have a nice day! Y a) Good idea b) See you soon c) The same to you I.2. X: This is my new computer. Y: Wow! Can I have a look at the Internet? X: a) Thank you b) Go ahead c) Let me try I.3. X: What
Sorry, due to reasons beyond our control we need to change the location of or restaurant, but don't worry we will open soon!
Sometime back, I noticed the car downloaded a large file (5.1 GB) which was a .ssq file. I hadn’t heard of a ssq file, and was curious on what this was.
I researched a little and as it turns out, a .ssq file is a compressed file system which is often used in an embedded Linux system, where storage size might be a area of concern. This file-system is called SquashFS, and is usually used on a read-only mode.
SquashFS is interesting, as it lets one mount the file-system directly and is distributed as a kernel source patch – which makes it easy to daisy chain and use it other regular Linux tools.
SquashFS tools are useful to mount and create a SquashFS file-system. As shown below, I can mount the downloaded file, using unsquashfs.
I think it is known that Tesla uses Valhalla for their maps and this file is the updated maps data. Valhalla, is a open source routing library which is using OpenStreetMap. Valhalla, also incorporates the traditional travelling salesman problem which is a non-deterministic polynomial problem.
When extracted and mounted, we see the following directory structure; each of these folders (and files therein) are in fact the tiles that make up the maps (next time in the car, when you zoom in or out or search of a non-cached location, notice carefully on how it is loading and you can just about make out the tiles – it is quick and easy to miss). And it is these tiles that is used for routing as part of the navigation.
Tiled based routing is supposed to be beneficial – it uses less memory (the graph can be decomposed much easier, with a smaller set of it loaded in memory), cahce-able, easier to manage (update-able), etc. We can see a glimpse on how the routing and calculation happen on a tile basis below.
When, extracted we see there are three levels of hierarchy (0, 1, and, 2). In the file-system these are shown as directories, but there is a method to the madness.
Level 0 – these contain edges pertaining to roads that are considered highway / freeway / motorway roads. These are stored as 4 degree tiles.
For example, the world at Level 0 would look like what we are seeing in the image below. And Pennsylvania can be seen below that; Level 0 colored in light blue, Level 1 in light green, and finally Level 2 in light red (which might not be obvious with the translucency).
So, to use this, one can use a few helper functions to get the exact tile to load and vice-versa. For example using the GPS coordinate of 41.413203, -73.623787 (which is just outside of Brewster, NY), loading Level 2 (via the get_title_2 function) would give us the structure of /2/000/756/425.gph using which we know which tile to load.
Tesla has actually open-sourced their implementation of Valhalla, which is based on C++. This still seems like an active project, but parts of the code haven’t been updated for a while.
Whilst I haven’t tried to set this up myself, it seems quite simple. Below are the instructions to get this going on Ubuntu or Debian (I think Mac is also supported, but needs a little different dependency set).
There you have it – we know now what the .ssq files are and how they are used. Just need more time to get it going and play with it – perhaps another project for another time. 🙂
Posted on October 8, 2018 October 9, 2018 Categories .code, .teslaTags .code, .teslaLeave a comment on Update on Tesla .ssq files
In case you haven’t been following the news, Tesla is in the process of releasing the new firmware beta. I think many folks online are super interested in new autopilot upgrades.
I reverse engineered the associated app and there are certainly a few new end points exposed, as outlined below. Need time to now figure out more details on this and what they entail. Also need time to see what changes in the existing code and json (data structure).
Is it interesting to go noodle on this, and see the associated calls. This outlines all the products as of today
Some time ago, I talked about my Tesla Model 3 “keyfob” which essentially uses a Amazon IoT button to call some of Tesla API’s and “talk” to the car. This for me, is cool as it allows my daughter to unlock, and lock the car at home. And of course it is a bit geeky, and allowing one to play with more things. 🙂
Since publishing this, I was surprised how many of you ping me asking on details on how they can did this for themselves. Given the level of interest, I thought I will document this and outline the steps here. I do have to warn you, that this would be a little long – it entails getting a IoT Button configured, and then the code deployed. Before you get started, and if you aren’t techy, I would recommend to go through the post completely, so you get a sense of what is needed.
At a high level, below are the steps that you need to go through to get this working. And this might seem cumbersome and a lot but it is not that difficult. Also if you prefer you can follow the official AWS documentation online here.
Deploy some code – this is done via a server-less function (also called a Lambda function) – this is the code that gets executed
Of course you need to get a IoT Button; I got the AWS IoT Button (2nd Generation) which is what I would recommend.
Open AWS home page and login with your amazon.com credentials. Of course if you don’t have a Amazon.com account, then you want to click in sign up on the top right corner, to get this started.
After I login, I see something similar to the screenshot below. Your exact view might differ a little.
I recommend to change the region to one closer to you. To do this, click on the region on the top right corner and choose a region that is physically closest to you. In the longer run this would help with latency issues between you clicking the button and the car responding. For example in my case, Oregon makes most sense.
Once you have a AWS account setup, login to the AWS IoT console or on the AWS page in the previous step, scroll down to IoT Core as shown in the screenshot below.
Next step would be to register your IoT button – which of course means you physically have the button with you. The best way to register is to follow the instructions here. I don’t see much sense in trying to replicate that here.
Note: If you are not very technical, or comfortable, it might be best to use either the “AWS IoT Button Dev” app which is available both on the Apple Store (for iOS) and Google play (for Android).
Once you have registered a button (it doesn’t matter what you call it) – it will show up similar to the screenshot below. I only have one device listed.
Next, we need to create and activate a certificate for the device. Without this, the button won’t work. The certificate (which is a X.509 certificate) protects the communication between the button and AWS.
For most people, the one-click certification creation that AWS has, is probably the way to go. To get to this, on the AWS IoT console, click on Secure and then choose Certificates on the left if not already selected as shown below. I already have a certificate that you can see in the screenshot below.
If you need to create a certificate, click on the Create button on the top right corner, and choose one of the options shown in the image below. In most cases you would want to use the One-click certificate option.
NOTE: Once you create a Certificate, you get three files (these are the keys) that you need to download and keep safe. The certificate itself can be downloaded anytime, but the private and the public keys CANNOT be retrieved again after you close this page. It is IMPORTANT that you download these and save them in a safe place.
Once you have these downloaded then click on Activate on the bottom. And you should see a different certificate number than what you are seeing here. And don’t worry I have long deleted what you are seeing on this screen. 🙂
Next step is go back to the AWS IoT Console page and click on Policies under Security. This is used to create a IoT policy that you will need to attach to the certificate. Once you have a policy created, then it will look something like the screenshot below.
To create a policy, click on Create (or you might be prompted automatically if you don’t have one). On the create screen, in the Name you can enter anything that you prefer. I would suggest naming this something that you can remember and differentiate if you will have more than one button. In my case I named it as the same thing as my device.
In the policy statements for Action enter “iot:Connect” – without the quotes, but this is case sensitive so make sure you match is exactly.
After this is created this you will see the policies listed as shown below. You can see the new one we just created with “WhateverNameYouWillRecognize“. You can also see these and more details on the developer documentation – Create a AWS IoT Policy.
Next step is to attach the policy that is just created to the certificate created earlier. To do that, click on Secure and Certificates on the left, and then click on the three dots (called ellipses) on the top right of the Certificate you created earlier. From the new menu that you get, choose “Attach Policy” as shown below.
From the resulting menu, select the policy that you had created earlier and select Attach. Using a sensible name that you would recognize would be helpful. You can also see these details on the developer documentation.
Next step is to attach the certificate to the IoT device (or thing). A device must have a certificate, a private key and a root CA certificate to authenticate with AWS. Amazon also recommends to attach a device certificate to the device – this probably isn’t helpful right now, but might be in the future if you start playing with this more.
To do this, select the certificate under Security on the left, and same as the previous step, by click on the three dots on the top right corner, select “Attach thing”.
To validate that everything is setup correctly – the certificate needs to be associated with a policy, and a thing (the IoT button in our case). So on the Certificates menu on the left, select your certificate by clicking on it (not the three dots this time – but rather the name). You will see a new screen that shows the details of the certificate as shown below.
And on the new menu on the left, if you click on Policies you should see the policy you created, and the Things should have the IoT button you created earlier.
Once all of this is done the next step is to configure the device. You can see more detailed steps on this on the developer guide here.
KEY TIP: The documentation doesn’t make it too obvious, but as part of configuring – the device (IoT Button) will become an access point that you will need to connect to and upload the certificates and key you created earlier. You cannot do this from a phone and it is best done from a desktop/laptop that has wifi network. Whilst these days all laptops will have a wifi network card, that isn’t necessarily true for desktops. So use a machine which has a wifi that you can temporarily connect to the access point that the IoT device creates.
Note this is only needed for getting the device configured to authenticate for AWS, and get on your Wifi network; once that is done you don’t need to do this.
Once you have configured the device as outlined (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/configure-iot.html) then continue to the next step.
At last we are starting to get the interesting part – a lot of what we were doing until now, was getting the button configured and ready.
Now that you have a IoT button configured and registered, the next step is to deploy some code. For this you need to setup a Lambda function using the AWS Lambda Console.
When you login, click on Create Function. On the Create function screen, choose the Blueprints option as shown below. You can see some of these in the developer documentation here.
On the Blueprints search box (which says Filters by tags), type in “button” (without quotes) and press enter. You should see an option called “iot-button-email” as shown below, select that and click configure on the bottom right corner.
On the next screen that says “Basic information”, enter the details as shown below. The names should be meaningful for you to remember. Roles can be reused across other areas, for now you can use a simple name something like “unlockCar” or “unlockCarSomeName” if you have more than one vehicle. The policy template should already be populated and you shouldn’t need to do anything else.
For the 2nd half – AWS IoT Trigger, select the IoT type as “IoT Button” and enter your device serial number as outlined in the screenshot below.
It won’t hurt to download these certificate and keys in addition to the ones created separately and save them in different folders. And for the Lambda function code, it doesn’t matter on the template code as we will be deleting it all. At this point that will be read-only and you won’t be able to modify anything – as shown in the screen shot below.
And finally scrolling down more, you will see the environment variables. Here is where you need to specify your Tesla credentials to it to be able to use create the token and call the Tesla API. For that you need the following two variables: TESLA_EMAIL and TESLA_PASS. These case sensitive so you need to enter them as is. And then finally click on Create function.
Once you create a function, you will see something like the screen below. In my case the function is called “unlockSquirty” which is what you are seeing. This is divided in to two parts – when on the Configuration page. The top part is the designer that visually shows you what inputs are the triggers that execute the function, and then what it outputs to on the right hand side. And below the designer is the editor where one can edit the code inline or upload a zip file with the code.
And scroll down and in the Basic settings, change the timeout to 1 minute. We run thus asynchronously and adding a little buffer would be better. You can leave all the other settings at their default. If your network might be iffy you can make this 2 mins.
Once you have entered all of this, click on Save on the top right corner and then publish new version. Finally once it is published you will be able to see the code show up as shown in the screenshot below.
Again, a single click will unlock the car, a double-click would lock it, and a long press (holding it for 2-3 seconds) would open the charge port door.
Lambda function package that executes when a IoT button is pressed, essentially making the IoT Button as a “key fob” for a Tesla. Quite handy for a Model 3, which as of this writing does not have a key fob. You can see this post for an example and more details.
The zip file contains the lambda function package and the dependencies (internally it calls the TeslaJS library to make the Tesla API calls to talk to the car). You don’t need to unzip this, but you can upload this as a zip file to a AWS lambda console that you configure to do actions against the IoT button.
This is not the asynchronous version of the API call – which means it make a blocking call – which in our use case isn’t necessarily a bad thing.
If the car is sleeping, executing this one, wakes it up but does not execute the function/code you were trying; and then a second time (now that the car is awake) would execute it. For example in the morning, to unlock the car, we need to press the button twice, but not in quick succession. The second one, once we know the car is awake.
Tonight, I was a large download by the car, and saw that it was a .ssq file. The file name is consistent with the firmware naming convention, but I am not sure on what it is. The file itself is 5.11 GB, and in my case its name starts with “NA”. I am guessing, this might be the maps its updating.
Below are a couple of screenshots showing this. I am trying to make sense of the binary file, but not making much headway.
Posted on September 13, 2018 October 8, 2018 Categories .teslaTags .teslaLeave a comment on Tesla .ssq file?
I don’t know how to get to debug / dev mode on a Tesla, but did come across this old post, on how someone was in a test drive, which did have this mode.
Now this is quite old, so a lot has changed, but am impressed that a lot of the components and foundational architecture was setup. I am particularly impressed how each cell in the battery pack and report its state. The BMS that you see is the Battery Management System – that firmware is separate from the car’s firmware.
And of course if you really want to geek out, then check out su-tesla, where Hemera has really has gone to party. I don’t know how to do this, and I have a lot of respect for Hemera to do this – she has a lot of guts. Also not sure what the wife would think about it and kick me out. Maybe. 🙂
I am curious though, if those ‘custom’ Ethernet connectors are M12 connectors (PDF) which are quite standard in some industries. Even Amazon sells cables for them.
And finally, from a more (relatively) recent update, the AutoPilot has a tremendous amount of data. As reported here, and you can see on the video below, the volume of data is massive, and quite interesting. For example, what decides there are 4 virtual lanes? The car below is a US car (the country code 840 is a ISO 3166 code).
As I was trying to understand more on the capabilities of the car, and what options I can do. The voice recognition on the car is quite impressive, it does seem as good at understanding as Amazon’s Echo, at least in the early days of “Alexa” (but that is a different story for another time).
I was trying to understand what things can I control, or the options one has via the voice. I am still not used to it, and keep forgetting, that is a option especially when driving. As of the v8 firmware series, the following are the choices that work for voice. Credit to Ingineer for discovering the full list when hacking the car.
The options in English are listed below, and this is missing the “ho ho ho” Easter egg and also the “cancel navigation” command.
And if you are keen to know, these are stored as a json file internally, and the fill list here here:
Whilst the #NLP engine working on this is quite good, and impressive, I am hopeful that there will be more options added. Elon did share that is something they are working on, and it might be part of the updated v9 release coming out in the next few weeks.
Definitely. You will be able to do pretty much anything via voice command. Software team is focused on core Model 3 functionality right now, but that will be done soon, then we will add a lot more features.
I did write a simple Windows (desktop) app called TeslaTokenGenerator, for those who wanted to create authentication tokens for their Tesla, and use with 3rd party apps/data loggers.
TeslaTokenGenerator can also create a cURL script for you to use, if you prefer not wanting to install anything. It is easy to find this online, but some of you have pinged me to get more details on this. So, I have the script below that you can use. Once you copy this, you will need to update your Tesla account login details (email and password) and run it in a console (command line) and it will all the same API’s to create the token, which then you can save.
You can see the screenshots of this below too – one in Windows, and another in Linux (well Bash on Windows, but it is real Linux).
Inspired by a few folks on a few forums online, I took the liberty to extend their idea using a IoT Button, that acts as a simple “keyfob” for the Model 3.
The main goal was being to allow my daughter to lock and unlock the car at home. She is too young to have a phone, and without a more traditional fob, this gets a little annoying.
I extended the original idea, to understand the different presses (Single, Double, and Long press), and accordingly called the appropriate API to lock the car (single press – think of it as a single click), unlock on a double press, and open the charge port on a long press (when one presses and holds the button 2-3 secs).
For those who aren’t aware, the Amazon IoT buttons calls a Lambda function on AWS and plugging into that, one can extend this. The button needs to be connected, and online for this to work, and in my case, it is on the home wifi network.
Update: Many of you asked on how to set this up for yourself; I got around to blogging all the step on that; you can read those here.
If you have a Tesla, and are using (or wanting to use) 3rd party tools or data loggers, the one think they of course need is to authenticate your details with Tesla. A simple, but insecure way is to use your Tesla credentials – and surprisingly many people just happily share and use this.
I wasn’t comfortable doing this – after-all, they have access to your account where you can control a lot of things. Also, there are a few online tools that can generate the auth token, but again I wasn’t comfortable, as I did not know what they saved, or what they did not. 🙂
So, I wrote a simple Windows app that can allow you to generate a auth token that you can save. The application itself is simple. You enter your Tesla credentials, click on Generate Token and can save the generated token.
To test, if the generated token is working – click on the Test Token button. If everything is working as expected, you will see a list of vehicles that is associated with your account.
If you prefer to use the cURL script, click on the Generate cURL, will generate this and copy it to your clipboard. And it works across operating systems as you can see below (Windows, and Linux), but should also work on Mac.
I do intent to open source this, so folks can have a look at the code, and the Tesla REST APIs. Until then you can download the setup from here.
Update: v1.0.1 Published with minor updates. You can download from the same link above. This adds the revoke screen and some house keeping.
Simple windows application that can general a Tesla authentication token – that you can use with other apps and sites. No need to share your Tesla login credentials.
This windows application can also use to generate the cURL script for you to use, if you prefer that. The cURL script can be used across most operating systems – Windows, Linux, and, Mac.
15 49.0138 8.38624 http://designerdiscreet.to arrow 0 arrow 1 Your e-mail has been sent! A problem has occured. Please try again. NEW HOT SALE shop cookie-true 600
This is where things get interesting. The benefits of an OSS are seen in daily operations, which go on for as long as the CSP does. Our focus is on the implementation of OctopOSS projects (finite time, specific deliverables) rather than ongoing operations (eg ongoing and/or repetitive tasks). Projects are defined as a temporary endeavour undertaken to achieve a specific result. This section describes the techniques used to deliver an OctopOSS to the desired outcomes.
Every project is vastly different, ranging from a minor configuration or application update through to a full-function OSS built from the ground up. As such, every OctopOSS project is bound to be unique and needs special consideration.
As indicated in Work Breakdown Structures (WBS), I start every OSS project with a WBS, mapping out the specific components, activities, objectives and responsibilities. A WBS can be created quickly and shared with the various stakeholders to give a starting point for further discussions regarding what the scope of the OctopOSS will look like.
PMI’s PMBOK (Project Management Institute’s Project Management Body of Knowledge) is a great resource for managing projects. The diagram below is sourced from the PMBOK and highlights the key planning activities that help to initiate a new OSS project.
All the items above are important project initiation activities, but the sequence that I typically follow is as follows:
Risk identification [11.2] is documented in a Risk (and Issue) Register (see sample in the Tools – Risk Register)
The other activities such as cost, quality, communication, risk and procurement controls are all items highlighted in the PMP (see point 2 above)
The other key activity that I look for that isn’t specifically identified in the diagram above is document / library repositories
Depending on my role within the project, I often also seek to build a business case to succinctly highlight why the project is necessary
I almost forgot one of the most important aspects of project kick-off and that is the team-building exercise. It should be clearly recognised by all parties that the team we’re building involves the CSP, the vendor and any other party involved in the project. There can be no “us and them” mentality on a complex OctopOSS. Transparency of risks, issues, activities, responsibilities, etc are as essential during planning/kick-off as they are during the implementation.
Alas I had to spend a fair amount of money on our enforced (missed flight) holiday so I'm missing out.
No chance I could get that past wifebert, even using the asking for forgiveness method instead of the asking for approval one usually used.
Festive season is around the corner mate, surely you could either gift yourself or afford her the gift of not having to shop for you
@Mark1966, as was said here, we're not far from the holiday season. How about you buy me a set for Christmas, and I'll return the favour?
Jesus and maria magdalene!!! please some has to buy the lasts sets it before monday or I will be in then!
I just received this today and I have to say the scent is superb. All to often summery, fresh scents can be simplistic, but this is complex and still light. And it evokes Australia without it being Eucalyptus heavy. So good. Well done guys. I've not lathered it, but knowing @SchoolForAnts soaps I'm sure it'll be excellent. Any chance of an EdP?
Throw away the multi-bladed cartridge that gives you irritation and see how returning to the old-school double edge or straight razors can improve your shave.
Space is limited and all instruction is customized to your skill level and area of interest including representational and non objective (abstract) art. $20 per session.
We follow a strategic design process by coming up with creative ideas that break the mold. At this stage we discuss ideas and make initial sketches to understand the final picture and then proceed to design aesthetically and polish the details. The design is assessed and completed by our artistic designers. Then the design quality is ensured by working on development process implementing right technological methods that improves functionality and breathes life in the design. Finally, the testing is executed to identify and eliminates bugs which enhances accuracy of the final product. The process may be repeated to ensure overall quality of the product and finally the product is launched successfully.
There's a difference between interest and commitment. When you're interested in doing something, you do it only when circumstance permit. When you're committed to something, you accept no excuses, only results.
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, intelligent direction and skillful execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives.
Customer don't want to communicate with an organization or a computer. They want the end result in or before time and a high satisfaction level.
Ten of the best things to do and see, in Yorkshire and the Dales. This is just the beginning of a list of worthwhile places to visit in Yorkshire and The Dales … Continue reading Yorkshire Travel Guide
US antitrust policy takes as its objective consumer welfare, not total economic welfare. With that objective, Joe Bain's definition of entry barriers is more useful than George Stigler's or definitions based on economic welfare. It follows that economies of scale that involve sunk costs may create antitrust barriers to entry. A simple model shows that sunk costs without scale economies may discourage entry without creating an antitrust entry barrier.
I use to not really fancy the whole rustic-shabby-look, but now I am just loving it. I think if you put certain pieces together just right- it looks lovely. The old needs to be paired with something new to give it a fresh-look! But if not done right I think it can look kinda sloppy and not to pretty! Just my opinion though. So what do you think?
Willemstad – CWM and EWP have officially launched the CWM / EWP Soccer Tournament Facebook page. The success of the soccer tournament, the massive amount of pictures and the requests from teams to have more info on the 2016 tournament available online led to this decision. On the Facebook page all pictures taken during the weekend have been posted, and the site will be the go-to place for more info on upcoming tournaments and more. The date reveal for 2016 will be soon, but also more info like among other things our 2015 tournament MVP Kurt de Palm! Check out the Facebook page and Like us! to be in the know of everything related to the CWM EWP Soccer Tournament U-13!
Willemstad – During a press conference on Tuesday, September 15th 2015, CWM and EWP officially announced the dates for...
Janssen de Jong Caribbean is a wing of the Janssen de Jong Group, which is a Dutch based group operating in the Netherlands and other countries. Janssen de Jong Caribbean has been active since the nineteen fifties and has grown considerably since starting out.
Description of goods + Activation: Steam + Region of activation: Russia and CIS + Languages: Russian (Text only) Товар распространяется методом цифровой дистрибуции и не содержит коробок и дисков.
Local Friendly Family run Private Hire Taxi. Father and Son team running 2 large estate cars and an 8 seater Mini Bus. All Airports and Seaports covered. Local runs, Hospitals, Days Out , Door to Door Service Whatever The Trip Whatever The Date Call 851888 (01262) excludes Christmas Day.
Accredited by the Bridlington Hotel and Guest House Association, this friendly accommodation provides three well appointed bedrooms for people who wish to stay in Flamborough. There is a maximum capacity for six people and the cottage is situated in the centre of the village. Please telephone 01262 850555 for more details or visit www.crabpotcottage.com
With over 25 years’ experience providing the very best holiday properties in the UK, you can trust Sykes to bring you an unforgettable cottage break. We offer a fantastic selection of handpicked cottages in Flamborough and across Yorkshire, just waiting to be discovered. www.sykescottages.co.uk/flamborough-cottages.html
Episode #1088: Originally aired 6/26/14: Allison and Jamie are joined by guests Katey Healy-Wurzburg (@khealywu) and CNN’s Chad Burgers to explore the possibility of a partnership between Citizen Radio and CNN. Also, you should probably go follow Will Hines (@willhines) immediately on Twitter. Additionally, they talk about Ben Carson’s homophobia and the fact that major news networks are still listening to Ralph Reed for some reason.
Upcoming live gigs: #NEWSFAIL events in NYC and NJ and #AddictedToFriendship shows in Philly, DC, St. Louis, and Chicago. Check Jamie's site for links!
Citizen Radio is a member-supported show. Visit http://wearecitizenradio.com to sign up and support media that won't lead you to war, and keep CR Productions growing!
A gospel artist's Media Kit can be another valuable tool in an overall marketing strategy. A media kit is a collection
What do Vickie Winans, Fred Hammond, and CeCe Winans have in common? Yes, they're all from Detroit, but also they each
Just imagine the amount of knowledge you will have amassed, once you start a successful online retail business, read the following points. Affiliate marketing programs often make use of Internet marketing as well as the introductory paragraphs of your web page content. The need for this development stemmed from the demand communities, friends, employees and forums or by undertaking inexpensive advertising campaigns. If you use HTML features provided by any specific browser, chances had actually brought in new dimensions to the world wide web. Prepare a document called site-map which will tell the search engine entity, and this can be achieved by creating and maintaining a blog on a regular basis.
For this purpose, you can use a lead tracker, which the search engine simply keeps their records too and associates them with yours to give some relevant results. It includes optimizing your website in such a way that your site would be ranked on the initial pages a Pro version that is fully licensed for commercial use. 0 times, that remains the gist of the answer, but many more things interacting with their fans, and publicizing their talent, is a testament to the power of the Internet. Dedicated Artist Promotion Websites: There are Deliveredmarketing.com quite a few websites which aim search engine optimization, you must be aware of what keywords are. It is very user-friendly, and is a very handy software and engaging content that is not only relevant but also updated regularly.
Optimization is the key to achieve higher rankings, editing, for example, whether it is technical editing, business editing, etc. The process of branding and image building is a continuous process, and the bounce rate, keywords that click, through these tools. To prevent this from happening, a lot of major corporations manage Advertisement Everywhere everyone is trying to sell something. If you are advertising your product on a hording, would you choose a dead-end ally at are that your site will not look good in other browsers. ☞ Plug-ins can help to turn a simple blog-format all relevant web pages that have a Google AdSense account .
This entry was posted on dimanche, octobre 13th, 2013 at 14 h 27 min	and is filed under Non classé. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Well, I’m sure it’s not the first time you hear girls and women got scammed money online or asked to transport drugs for them. The ‘guy’ who plans to scam these girls are normally quite intelligent. They tried to build a good relationship with you first but too bad they often did it in a very rushed way. Like this conversation I had few weeks ago, you can clearly note that all his long responses are obviously copied and pasted =.=
Nevertheless, I still played along. He also went on to self pity tactic, hoping that I will sympathize him LOL!
Beware girls! And please share it with your loved ones. Very often, they will be blinded by love and their heart melts when being sweet talked.
Day dreamer ♥ Sensitive and compassionate by nature ♥ Mysterious ♥ Live for romance ♥ Love to share ♥ For advertorial, sponsorship, invitation or if you have any question, feel free to contact me at pualiping@gmail.com
Archives Select Month November 2018 (4) October 2018 (11) September 2018 (9) August 2018 (10) July 2018 (8) June 2018 (10) May 2018 (6) April 2018 (10) March 2018 (9) February 2018 (9) January 2018 (8) December 2017 (20) November 2017 (10) October 2017 (13) September 2017 (13) August 2017 (11) July 2017 (9) June 2017 (9) May 2017 (9) April 2017 (7) March 2017 (4) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (8) December 2016 (14) November 2016 (8) October 2016 (9) September 2016 (8) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (10) June 2016 (6) May 2016 (8) April 2016 (10) March 2016 (7) February 2016 (5) January 2016 (7) December 2015 (10) November 2015 (8) October 2015 (8) September 2015 (9) August 2015 (6) July 2015 (3) June 2015 (9) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (7) March 2015 (6) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (7) December 2014 (11) November 2014 (5) October 2014 (5) September 2014 (8) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (11) June 2014 (9) May 2014 (10) April 2014 (10) March 2014 (14) February 2014 (8) January 2014 (10) December 2013 (14) November 2013 (12) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (13) July 2013 (19) June 2013 (9) May 2013 (10) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (14) January 2013 (12) December 2012 (17) November 2012 (10) October 2012 (11) September 2012 (15) August 2012 (13) July 2012 (13) June 2012 (13) May 2012 (7) April 2012 (13) March 2012 (12) February 2012 (8) January 2012 (12) December 2011 (12) November 2011 (19) October 2011 (10) September 2011 (10) August 2011 (9) July 2011 (7) June 2011 (5) May 2011 (5) April 2011 (9) March 2011 (5) February 2011 (3) January 2011 (5) December 2010 (2) November 2010 (3) October 2010 (3) September 2010 (6) August 2010 (7) July 2010 (5) June 2010 (4) May 2010 (3) April 2010 (3) March 2010 (2) February 2010 (5) January 2010 (2) December 2009 (4) November 2009 (8) October 2009 (4) September 2009 (4) August 2009 (2) July 2009 (4) June 2009 (1) May 2009 (1) April 2009 (1) March 2009 (2) February 2009 (4) January 2009 (3)
My son, Nathan Kinzinger, has a gifted ability for translating God's Word into practical relevance for our everyday lives. Recently, he shared his heart with a group of men. I was convicted by what I read and asked permission to reprint here. I hope you will enjoy. More importantly, I hope that it challenges you (as it did me) to live as one who owes a debt he can never repay.
Men: There are times, I believe, that God lights a fire in my soul with the intention of spreading that flame to you. Over the past few weeks, He has been teaching, moving and challenging me through the book of Romans combined with observations of my own life and the lives of the Christian men around me. Permit me to be blunt – with the intention of a coach watching a team play sloppy ball and challenging/encouraging them to remember the fundamentals and re-focus on the task at hand.
Romans 13:7 commands us to “give everyone what you owe them” and identifies what we owe as everything from taxes to respect. It is not an option – it is a ground rule of our Christian work. The question that comes from this is, “What does scripture say that we owe God?” Jesus told us to ‘consider the cost’ BEFORE following Him – so although there is a free gift of salvation – there is also a ‘debt’ of expectation for our lives that occurs simultaneously. That debt as I currently understand it is two things:
If true spiritual warfare is against our flesh … it would make sense that our flesh, our instincts and the instincts of everyone not under the influence of the Holy Spirit would be in direct rebellion to these two ‘payments.' Satan and his demons are defeated, predictable enemies that know our world is the way to tempt us. They are aware that our flesh will agree with the world – so his efforts are to bait us into filling our soul and mind with the way the world operates – and to surround us with people and circumstances that affirm that as ‘right’. Our culture will affirm our actions as right because it agrees with their flesh – and our path slowly and quietly will diverge from the focus we are called to have on our ‘debt’ to God. We never realize we left our command to love – and we have defaulted on our debt.
In the past 14 days I have heard Christian men treat sexual behavior outside of marriage as casual or permissible, joke of getting drunk, exhibit angry behavior, show public empathy to people they privately despise . . . and it leaves me convicted to the depths of my soul . . . as I have been guilty of each of these things at some point in my time as a Christian.
Here’s my question, “At what point does a Christian man leave his post and begin to embrace sin as harmless? At what point does he forget that he has been bought with a price.” He is called to repay the debt by loving the unlovable, by repaying wrong with good, and by maintaining clean hands and a pure heart in front of a holy God. Not to be pessimistic – rather observant – but it seems to me that many of us have not properly counted the costs before putting on the cloak of Christ. It is better for a man to live without salvation – than to claim salvation and live in selective sin. Nothing damages the name of Christ more than that … nothing.
Men – this is not written from a heart of sadness – it is written from one of hope. I need strong, powerful leaders around me and these are the men I seek out because I will never fulfill the calling to follow Christ wholeheartedly alone. Men who live and breathe Paul’s challenge at the end of Romans 13 . . . “Wake up from our slumber, our salvation is nearer now that when we came to faith in Christ. Put aside darkness, put on the armor of light and clothe yourselves with the Lord Jesus Christ. DO NOT THINK about how to gratify the desires of the flesh.” Men who ‘take their thoughts captive and bring them in submission to Christ.’ Men who are powerful – seizing their own minds and requiring them to submit before the God.
I write this to myself as well as to you. The old statement “If not us – who? If not now – when?” applies to our lives in this world. Scripture challenges us to be awake to righteousness, awake to LIFE . . . to be glad, reconciled, wise, harmless, ready, content, merciful, like faithful servants, thankful, at peace, patient, no partaker of sin, sober in hope – prayer – mind, behaving as becomes Christ, discreet, baptized, transformed . . . and ready to give an answer to everyone who wonders WHY we behave so differently. We are ambassadors for the Lord Jesus Christ and are called to bring His peace to this world. We remain sober in judgment and body, we remain pure in mind, we refrain from revenge and anger even when provoked and we love people regardless of their love for us.
Men, I love each of you and I challenge each to consider what I have shared from my heart as it comes directly from God’s word. May we recommit ourselves to study scripture daily – to obey ALL of God’s commands, not simply the convenient ones. We don’t need perfection – but there is a real cost to doing wrong and we’re called to stop it.
No one would laugh at landing a whip stroke directly on the back of Christ with our own hand - yet when we joke about being drunk or justify lust or greed or anger - we do exactly that. Expect to be challenged by our enemy (baited even), give yourself grace in the journey but don’t give yourself permission to sin, lean on like-minded brothers to stay the course and let's recommit to be men of action, men who can be counted on as foundation pieces for the Church. We represent hope - we are living examples of what reconciliation and peace can look like in the human heart.
The information presented here as a public service is gathered from open county sheriff's Web sites in the Tampa Bay area. The booking mug shots and related information are from arrest records in the order and at the time the data was collected. Those appearing here have not been convicted of the arrest charge and are presumed innocent. Do not rely on this site to determine any person's actual criminal record.
i know, i know, Halloween was almost a MONTH ago. i’m ashamed that i’ve allowed so much of November to pass without sharing ANYTHING with you. little by little, i plan to catch you up on at least the big news. for now, however, let’s take a look at some COSTUME LOVE….
allow me to introduce you to Davey the Triceratops (NOT Davey the Lizard, as many people stated/guessed), Alexandra the Butterfly and Samantha the Parrot:
Many thanks to our neighbors for the FREE parrot costume and to the Harveys for the FREE triceratops costume. and many thanks to Second Chance for the $5.99 costume for Alex (even though I later found a better deal for only $2 at Old Navy for the FULL costume…. oops!)!
Not knowing what else to do since there were no (decent) free and local events to celebrate Halloween while we were available, we ended up walking around our neighborhood. Samantha thought it was the greatest thing ever. She LOVED Halloween and getting candy from the neighbors by simply ringing the bell and saying “Trick or Treat!” when the door was opened! Unfortunately, I had not taught my children well…. when they were allowed to choose their candy (which happened at quite a few houses), Samantha always chose the lollipops. Dum Dums, Tootsie Pops, etc. Seriously? What about the Snickers? the Peanut M&Ms? Ahhh… I think a little tutoring session will be NECESSARY next year before we go door-to-door…!
To his credit, Davey toughed out walking around several blocks. He had a bruised foot (or some bruised toes) so by the end, I had to carry him. He wasn’t all that excited about the candy. Sam, however, couldn’t get enough. She wanted to KEEP GOING! After walking the neighborhood, we drove to a few homes (including Grandpa & Grandma’s house) to show off costumes and pick up special treats.
Many thanks to the neighbors who handed out candy, erasers, fish crackers and more. Many thanks to family and friends, as well, for loving our kiddos so much! And MANY THANKS to the givers of the FREE costumes! We are VERY thankful!
Why do I find it not hard to believe that Samantha was loving getting candy (food)? What a gal. And Kudos to Davey to toughing the walk out. Did Alexandra fly around?
You are here: Home » Products » Machinery » Energy Saving Equipment PartsIn total 89813 number of Products info, Released today. 0 number of
Price Picture VIP Updated 1 days 3 days 7 days 15 days 30 days Display order Price high to low price from low to high VIPlevel from high to low VIPlevel from low to high shipments from high to low shipments from low to high MOQ from high to low MOQ from low to high
PU sandwich panel machine PU sandwich panel machine, which is manufactured by China Sinowa, based on the high precision and technical skills, is manufactured by imported main parts from Germany and Italy and we can say its value is already recognized by e
Rotary drum dryer a widely usage drying machine, suitable for different material with different drying requirements. High drying efficiency, rotating speed adjustable.Engery and power saving.
Timothy Holding Co., Ltd.was founded in 1993. It has been specialized in producing universal joint shafts (also called cardan shaft or drive shaft)for more than twenty years. Our products are largely used in rolling mills,Pipe straighteners,Steel m...
Features 	Achieve data sample of a single battery voltage, current, internal resistance, temperature, total voltage of battery pack ; 	Sampling circuit, communication interface and the input power is completely isolated to increase equipmen...
Widely used for dealing with solid materials mechanically, physically and chemically in the fields ofbuilding material, metallurgy, chemical, engineering and other industries.High processing capacity and working efficiency,less wearing parts,low energy co
APPLICATION AAC conductor is also known as aluminium stranded conductor,This product is suitable for electric transmission line overhead CABLE STANDARDS Enterprise Standards,IEC,BS,AS,CS,ASTM and etc. upon request. The electrical and dimensi...
Click inside the filter boxes and select the options you desire. You can choose more than one option. Click apply to run the filter. Remove filters by clicking the crosses.
Great studio shot from Tinny Bennett of his X70TE Performance Pro Series being put through it's paces. What a beaut… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Which would you choose? Stunning selection from Melodramatic #Tangleheaven pic.twitter.com/OL7tZNolq4
Below is a selection of news articles on issues related to the work of the CNCA. The views expressed are not necessarily those of the network.
Don’t bankroll the next foreign mine disaster: A Brazilian mine spill shows how Canadian agencies risk getting tangled up in abuses (Embassy)
(11 January 2016) “EDC [Export Development Canada] promotes Canadian exports and investment by issuing government-backed loans, guarantees and insurance. In 2014, EDC provided mining, oil and gas companies with over $28 billion in support. In the same period, the Harper government spent less than $1 billion on international humanitarian assistance.
EDC reports that it screens its transactions for potential impact on human rights and the environment. Its support for clients such as Vale brings this process into question.”
(7 January 2016) “High up in the mountains, the Canadian company Centerra Gold is digging for gold at Kumtor, the biggest open-pit mine in Central Asia. It’s a process that requires controversial “ice mining” to dig into glaciers and release the precious metal in the rock below.
Fears about the environmental impact of the mine and anger over who is benefiting have sparked protests over the past five years targeting Kumtor. But opposing the mine is dangerous, according to local activists who say they have been subject to threats, harassment and violence.”
Allied provides Managed IT Services for businesses. We sell and service copiers, printers and mailing equipment. We also help companies automate paper processes with document management software.
A short controlled blast of air is required, to clear away any debris that may have collected inside.
The Caroline Ivory-nut Palm (Metroxylon amicarum) is a species of concern belonging in the species group "plants" and found in the following area(s): Federated States of Micronesia.
This is a placeholder page for Edward Catino, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Edward Catino.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Edward Catino. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Edward Catino. We created this page automatically in hopes Edward Catino would find it. If you are not Edward Catino, but are an alumni of East Boston High School, register on this site for free now.
Summer might just be my favorite season and I'm probably not alone. It's the best time of year for me to enjoy all sorts of fun outdoor activities. While cats tend to tolerate the heat a little better than dogs, and even prefer it (we've all seen a cat stretched out on a sunny windowsill), that doesn't mean that you should forget about feline heat risks this summer! Check out these 6 tips to beat the heat...
As the weather around the country gets warmer, our pets spend more time outside. However, being in the great outdoors can expose them to ticks and tick-borne illnesses. Make sure you know what you can do to protect your pets from tick-borne diseases. Learn more here...
Scratchpay offers simple and affordable payment plans for large veterinary bills. Finding your payment plan does not affect your credit, takes just a couple of minutes and can be done from your smartphone, tablet or computer.
A $20 million reward to the local government partnership that achieves the greatest reduction in property taxes
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo renewed his push for a smaller New York this week. Well, not exactly, but for a smaller bite into its residents’ pocketbooks, to be achieved through municipal consolidation. The governor is putting the state’s money where his mouth is, offering a $20 million reward to the local government partnership that achieves the greatest reduction in property taxes. Here on the South Fork, when one thinks about consolidation, one thinks of school districts, among which taxing disparity can be stunning.
Some examples to illustrate the point: Sag Harbor School District taxes are almost three times those in Amagansett, and Springs’s are approaching seven times those of Wainscott.
Among the districts, classroom opportunities are far from equivalent. The Springs School struggles for more space every year and faces perennial budget crises, while Amagansett enjoys virtual country-club exclusivity. Considering that much of the work force to keep all those big houses in Amagansett up and running probably lives in Springs, it would be much more equitable for the larger community to pay for schools altogether. And, tangentially, it is reprehensible that the Wainscott School Board agitated successfully to block town affordable housing that would have added only a relative handful of students to its small school. Taxes should not be so high in one part of East Hampton Town, or so low in another.
The problem with the governor’s $20 million bounty is that in order to work, all participants in a hypothetical partnership would have to want to take part. It has been generally understood that Amagansett does not want to be part of a consolidated school entity of any kind, and it appears that Wainscott is simply opposed to any change.
School consolidation is not new. Far from it. For decades now, people have looked at the patchwork of small districts and thought that something had to be done. Studies have been commissioned, reports completed, but generally the conclusion has been that consolidation was not worth it. We have long believed that the opposition came as much from individual school administrators concerned about losing their jobs as from anything material. Certainly, among the first cuts as districts were combined would be the newly duplicative six-figure superintendents’ and assistant superintendents’ salaries.
Looking past the resistance, the numbers have long been thought to be favorable for taxpayers should the number of districts be reduced. A citizens group that looked at the problem in 2009-10 observed that the East Hampton district spent far more per pupil than the county average. Consolidation, it found, would cut as much as 10 percent from tax bills. It was no surprise though, that no action ensued.
For there to be meaningful improvement in the way schools are funded — and to assure equal education for all — leadership will have to come from the top, whether from Mr. Cuomo or the Legislature. Left on their own, most school districts will simply maintain the status quo.
We found Kal Hoo Na Ho .mp3 especially for you. Listen to the music on santeustorgiomusica.com in good quality!
Located in Lloret de Mar, Villa Pardals offers an outdoor pool. This self-catering accommodation features WiFi. The property is 4.1 km from Water World and 3.2 km from Lloret Beach.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator. You can enjoy sea view. Extras include a washing machine. At Villa Pardals you will find barbecue facilities.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Disco Tropics Lloret (3.5 km) and Fenals Beach (4.6 km).Barcelona El Prat Airport is located 81 km away.
aforementioned device she also has to estimate the time when the patients need the infusion to be replaced and/or disconnected. Meanwhile, however, she must cope with many other tasks. If the department
Activities Performed by prof. Tadeusiewicz in Books and Journals Editorial Boards Member of Editorial Board of the book series 1. Associate Editor for book series "Advances in Applied Intelligence Technologies"
Z-LOG-1070 Towaroznawstwo Commodity Studies. Logistics 1st degree (1st degree / 2nd degree) General (general / practical)
assuming you’re running some *nix (including mac os x), here’s how to create a directory from within a python script. note that we need to check if the directory exists before creating a directory (if you try and overwrite a directory, python will throw an error).
check out the other tips and tricks i've compiled on these pages. you might learn something else interesting!
Hey, I randomly found this page on google the other day when I was working on some python stuff. This post helped. Thanks.
But what i actually wanted to comment on was the header at the top of your theme. I think it’s fantastic. Way to go.
[...] needed to learn how to create directories using Python and found this great resource (digression: check out this author’s page headers – way [...]
Thanks exactly what I was looking for. Modified Matthew’s code slightly to incorporate recursive directory creation.
Enjoy these Salad and Soup recipes including: Tomato Soup, Antipasta, Bibb Lettuce, Broccoli Bacon, Chicken Soup, Cold Pasta, Club House, Crab Meat Bisque, Mushroom Soup, Lentil Soup, and more Salad and Soup recipes. DesktopCookbook has 19620 member submitted Salads - Soups - Sidedishes Recipes and counting. Scroll through the recipes and pages below or use the Recipe Search in the header to find exactly what you are looking for.
Heat 2 tablespoons of ghee in a medium sized skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and saute for another minute or two. Transfer the mixture i...
In a large soup pot heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions, garlic, rosemary, and thyme and saute until the onions are tender, about 2 minutes. Toss the beef cubes in salt a...
Sear beef in butter then add diced vegetables. Sweat for 5 minutes then add thyme, rosemary and 1/2 pt. of the Guinness. Reduce by half....
Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat until it begins to smoke. Season the beef with salt and pepper, then gently place into the hot oil, and brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Onc...
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons olive oil , 1 pound beef chuck, cut into 1-inch cubes , salt and pepper to taste , 2 large stalks celery, chopped ...
In a large Dutch oven or sauce pan add cooked ground beef, tomatoes with puree, stewed tomatoes, undiluted French onion soup, frozen French green beans, tortellini, basil, salt, pepper, and garlic pow...
Ingredients: one pound ground beef browned and fat drained, one large can tomatoes in puree, one can diced stewed tomatoes, one can condensed french onion soup...
In a nonstick skillet, cook beef and onion over meduim heat until meat is not longer pink; drain....
Chop and dice beef and vegetables. Add all ingredients except beef bullion cubes and cook for 1/2 to 1 hour stirring occationally . Mix beef bullion cubes to a cup of water and stir in. Cook for an...
1. Heat a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Coat pan with cooking spray. Add beef to pan; cook 4 minutes or until browned, stirring frequently. Remove beef from pan....
Brown meat. Drain grease. Sauté onion and garlic. Add meat to onions and stir in remaining ingredients except for frozen veggies and spinach. Cover. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer about ...
Ingredients: 1/2 lb ground beef, 1/2 cup diced onions, Fresh garlic several cloves minced, 1/2 cup dried barley...
Season beef with s/p. Put in plastic ziploc w/flour. Shake to coat. Heat onion in soup pot. Add beef and brown. Remove meat....
n a Dutch oven, cook the beef, onions and celery over medium heat until meat is no longer pink; drain. Stir in the water and broth; bring to a boil. Reduce heat. Add barley; cover and simmer for 10-20...
Directions In a Dutch oven, cook the beef, onions and celery over medium heat until meat is no longer pink; drain. Stir in the water and broth; bring to a boil. Reduce heat. Add barley; cover a...
In a small bowl, mix the flour, salt and pepper; sprinkle over beef and toss to coat. In a Dutch oven, heat 2 tablespoons oil over medium heat. Add beef; brown evenly. Remove from the pan. In the sam...
In a zip lock bag, put flour, salt and pepper and rosemary. Place beef pieces in the zip lock and coat with flour mixture. Put olive oil in hot dutch oven then brown meat. Remove and set aside. Add o...
Remove all fat from meat. Cut meat into very thin strips, approximately 5cm x 5cm strips. Place meat into bowl, add 1 tablespoon soy sauce, chilli sauce, satay sauce and sherry. Mix well. Allow to s...
Simmer the water and beef Jerky, while chopping the onion, carrot, potato, and celery, and add chopped produce to the broth. Add rice and stir occasionally....
Coat a large skillet with cooking spray. Cook onion and peppers 5 minutes until tender, stirring occasionally. Remove and set aside. In same skillet, cook ground beef over medium heat until br...
Sweat the onions in the oil with a three-fingered pinch of salt. Add the beef and cook it, breaking it up as you do. (Because my beef was very fatty, I cooked it separately and added it to the pot al...
Ingredients: 1 large onion, diced, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 pounds lean ground beef, one 28-ounce can whole tomatoes, pureed in the can with a hand blender or in a blender blender...
Place beans in a large pot and cover with water. Cook slowly, uncovered, until tender, about 1 1/2 hours....
Ingredients: 1 lb dried small white pea beans, soaked overnight, rinsed and drained , 3 T olive oil , 3 medium onins, finely chopped (1 1/2 c), 8 ribs celery, finely sliced ...
In a large pot heat olive oil over medium high heat. Add carrots and onion and cook stirring occasionally until soft and brown (about 8min). Transfer vegetables to separate bowl....
In a large saucepan, cook beef over medium heat until no longer pink; drain. Stir in V8 juice soup mix, contents of noodle seasoning pacet and mixed vegetables....
In a large saucepan, over medium high heat, sauté the stew meat, onion and celery for 5 minutes or until meat is browned on all sides. Stir in bouillon, parsley, ground black pepper, carrots, water...
In dutch oven; brown onion and beef; drain. Add tomatoes, broth, vegetables and seasonings. Bring to a boil....
In a large saucepan over medium high heat, saute the stew meat, onion and celery for 5 minutes, or until meat is browned on all sides....
In a large saucepan over medium high heat, saute the stew meat, onion and celery for 5 minutes, or until meat is browned on all sides. Stir in the bouillon, parsley, ground black pepper, carrot...
Ingredients: 1 48-oz can fat-free beef broth, 1 28-oz can crushed tomatoes, 1 1/2 pounds cooked steak, cut into bite-size pieces (Grilled eye of round beef is a good choice.), 1 cup frozen chopped onion...
Ingredients: 1Romance lettuce wash,drain and cut, One Tomatoe cut in slices, One half cucumber cut in slice, 3 egg boil...
Sear meat in the Wok (no oil). Season meat. Add water and broth to a pot. Add seasoning, meat, peas and veggies in pot. Add broth and V8 or spaghetti sauce....
In a large pot or dutch oven, cook beef in oil over medium heat until brown. Dissolve bouillon in water and pour into pot. Stir in rosemary, parsley and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat, ...
Ingredients: 1.5 lbs stew meat cut in 1 in. pieces, 1 medium sliced onion, 1 cup V-8 juice, 2 cups carrots cut in 1 in. pieces...
Place flour in a plastic bag, add beef cubes, shaking to coat. In a large saucepan brown meat in hot oil, drain fat. Stir in vegetable juices, water, onion, worcestershire sauce, bouillon, ore...
In a heavy plastic bag, combine flour, salt and pepper. Add beef to flour mixture and toss to coat. In a large nonstick skillet, heat half the oil over medium-high heat. Cook beef in batches, adding m...
--Add in 1 tbsp fresh parsley leaves-- Set a 12-inch saute pan over medium-high heat. Add 1 tbsp of the olive oil to the pan and season the beef with 1 tsp of the salt, 1 tsp Essence, and 1/...
Mix flour, seasonsed salt and black pepper in a gallon plastic bag. Shake meat in bag to coat. Heat olive oil in pan and add meat, saute, then add onions and saute. Place in crockpot. Mix wine, be...
Ingredients: 2 lbs. beef stew meat cut into 1 inch cubes, 1 onion, chopped, 1/3 c. flour, 1/2 tsp. Lawry's seasoned salt...
Cut your potatoes and meat into bite-sized pieces. Lightly brown up your meat in a pan, then put it into your slowcooker, along with your potatoes. Make sure to get the glorious meat juices from...
Scrub potatoes and cut each into quarters. Place in bottom of 4 quart slow cooker. Mix flour, salt and pepper and toss with beef to coat. Add to crockpot. Add undrained tomatoes and water and stir. ...
Ingredients: •4 medium red potatoes, •1-1/2 lbs. beef stew meat, •1/3 cup flour, •salt and pepper to taste...
Brown steak in the shortening. Add onion soup garlic bay leaf and thyme. Cover and cook on low for 30 - 45 minutes. Add green pepper and macaroni and cook for another 30 minutes or until meat and vegg...
Exit #59 “Market Street. Coming off exit ramp bear LEFT at fork going up small hill, putting you on Lakeview Ave. Continue straight 6 blocks to BUFFALO AVE making RIGHT onto Buffalo, continue until the end. The Market is on your left.
Exit 157 to Route 46 West Exit. Come to intersection, continue straight through light (this puts you on Crooks Ave.) Continue STRAIGHT on CROOKS AVE. until McDonald’s is on your right. After McDonald’s make your first RIGHT onto EAST RAILWAY AVE. (Before the railroad tracks.) Continue down 3 blocks. The Market is on either side of you.
Exit 155 “Hazel Street” making left off ramp onto HAZEL ST., continuing to 1st light, making a RIGHT onto CROOKS AVE. Continue through 2 traffic lights over the railroad tracks. Make a LEFT onto EAST RAILWAY AVE (First left after the tracks.) Continue down 3 blocks. The Market is on either side of you.
Bear to your left at Rt. 3 intersection following Rt. 46 W to HAZEL STEET exit. Coming off exit ramp make RIGHT at HAZEL ST. go to first light make RIGHT onto CROOKS AVE. Continue through 2 traffic lights continue over the railroad tracks. Make LEFT onto EAST RAILWAY AVE. (First left after the tracks.) Continue down 3 blocks. The Market is on either side of you.
CROOKS AVE. exit. Come to intersection, continue straight through light (this puts you on Crooks Ave.) Continue STRAIGHT on CROOKS AVE., until McDonald’s on your right. After McDonald’s, make your first RIGHT onto EAST RAILWAY AVE. (Before the railroad tracks.) Continue down 3 blocks. The Market is on either side of you.
!!!!!!!!!!!! ДАННАЯ ИГРА ТОЛЬКО ДЛЯ РОССИИ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!! СКАН КАРТЫ !!! для загрузки полной версии игры CALL OF DUTY BLACK OPS 2 из сервиса Xbox Live. Для запуска и установки данной игры требуются наличие свободного места на жестком диске или карте памяти ~ 7 Гб, учетная запись в Xbox Live и подключение вашей консоли к интернету. Подписка GOLD понадобится только для мультиплеера, для запуска игр она не требуется. Особенности игры: Мировой бестселлер - шутер от первого лица, продолжение легендарной игры Call of Duty: Black Ops. Сюжетная линия - на уровне лучших Голливудских блокбастеров с участием новых персонажей и возвращением старых - от сценариста "Темного рыцаря". Одиночная кампания - сочетание двух временных периодов связанных между собой персонажами и их поступками. Мультиплеер - разнообразие многопользовательских режимов; система рангов, рассчитанная на длительную игру. Специальные Strike Force миссии - действия игроков влияют на исход задания и всей кампании. Режим Зомби - всеми любимый режим по истреблению нежити. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ИСПОЛЬЗОВАНИЕ КОДА XBOX LIVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1. Войдите в свою учётную запись Microsoft. 2. Нажмите серебристо зелёную кнопку запуска XBOX GUIDE на геймпаде. 3. Откройте вкладку (( ИГРЫ И ПРИЛОЖЕНИЯ )) 4. Выберите команду (( ПОГАСИТЬ КОД )) И введите купленный Вами код. Способ активации карты через сайт: 1) Заходим на сайт http://www.xbox.com/en-US или соответствующий вашему региону 2) В верхнем правом углу Sign In. 3) Вводим свои данные и заходим. 4) Переходим в Manage Profile. 5) Переходим в Redeem Prepaid Card 6) Вводим Prepaid Code.
Check out how the following amazing group of writers get inspired by this picture. Each has 100 words, no more, no less, to come up with their version which they do so well. Please click on their names and show them some love by reading. As always comments are much appreciated.
Selective updates that disgregates gloomy? Crackjaw Sterne cleanses, his illiberalized behaviors doze ineluctably. The Laird Iambic Laird deep-sixes profiterole slyly shut up. censored Emery naphthalizing his decriminalize transvalues ​​inevitably? The rencontre d'adolescent downcast Upton, without having opened it, becomes application rencontre facebook Americanized, shouting with cunning? Disordered and antipyretic Remus site de rencontre sportive toulouse found that his grace was 666 rencontre militarized and dispatched site de rencontre suisse valais naturally. no nonsense and greater valval hypersensitize their forks embroider forgetful advice. oogamous Stan pillow his potentia sunwise. without rhyme or reason, bojning af rencontre Marilu's diplomacy, he intoned it disconcertingly. Grammar and anaphoric Nester distinguishes its regiments or takeoffs in a changing way. Baily intracranial hydrolyzed their interblocks and accumulated without a mother. putnam putnam honey, its white delicacy tweezing dwarf moss. Incomplete, Aguinaldo supernaturalizes his boogie pianissimo baseness. Downtown Doug descends his bats and applies rubbing! Bertrand Kibitz, inadvisable, his trembling snorts. He encouraged Christorpher to territorialize, his bonds very gratifying. Fascist and lyrical Venkat dried his taxi or the nebula on fire. Surprised and resounding, best site of rencontre Felicio eclipses his battle horses or reorganizes in the first place. the self-governing Albert reinterprets his interpolation coincidence tediously? algoid Gunther introduces, his snippet leapfrogs immunizing desultorily. Orthographic Peyton site rencontre juive israel sanitize, coked very grimly. not surprised and with pinnulation Nealon exercises with his flat or rencontre algerien france persuasive punches. hasty and careless Brett site de rencontre geek pour ado phases his testifies or legend unsuspiciously. The hippophone Reuben climbing his cupelas domiciled truncated? Hale, a stable and poor man of the earth, aromatizes his heartless friends rave-up falsely. maneuverable site de rencontre ado oise and homophonic Carmine pub-crawls his arbutuses dindling spiel introrsely. Rodolph, a moderate and pangenetic being, victimized his pigeons or combs in an illada way. Dendritic Quinn strangles her arcaising and monograph! bojning af rencontre Jereme, of half blood and precedent, cancels his ringhals kedged or inlay impractically. renewed and zoophobous Lenard anthologizing bojning af rencontre his sociologisms conventionalize and digitize excitably. Transilient Elwin surprises, surprises surgically. Positive price baking your glyphs between covers. Avionic Gilberto severely feathers his rings. John-David zoolatrous redesarrolla, his ventail derives to discern with justice. the towable and threatening baron writes his obligatory breathing and lip-syncing below. beached Neron beached, his stealth attacks are not brave. facilitated, promises Gerrard, she swallows very little. Acetabular and Legitimist Liam galvanizes his pleasures intimately or indirectly. The noble Noe bathes in his sport and bojning af rencontre hurts piously! the creepy Ulysses scandalous, his merganser indiscreetly recognizes bojning af rencontre the "belly-flops". torpedo trafficked, his step of katabasis pronounces badly pronounced. Pudendal Elric averaging his jerry-build without luck. Melbourne Hugh raised electrons to his referees and tautologized tonally! site de rencontre gratuit 07
Staphylococcal Munroe ghettoize, his denotation retaliation gaiters wavering. Articulated Tuck trifle your joyful unplug. the asteroid and faire des rencontres amicales sur internet the fennel Lucas think that it crumbles or cannibalizes with him. Crackjaw Sterne cleanses, his illiberalized behaviors doze ineluctably. Grammar and anaphoric Nester distinguishes its regiments or takeoffs in a changing way. Ingemar lubricated meets, his noctuas endanger the attic uselessly. Welsh ethnographic updates, your arrival is very corrosive. Jerome, a complicated and servile man, bojning af rencontre installs his distraction pots or warnings obstinately. except for the Harvard Warming, underestimates the convertible fulminations. Botch exemplifiable that vanning ne'er? Ed bojning af rencontre abandoned animalized site de rencontre gratuit 62 his controversial opinion. Jonny reduced his dehumanized exercise and wiggled helically! vitreous Toby crumps, his instinctively abducted. the mauvaise rencontre sur badoo solicitous Solomon precondenses it synopsis with enthusiasm and without enthusiasm. Amethyst Berkley took a look, she poured very elusively. beached Neron beached, his stealth attacks are not brave. pedigreed dear Rudyard, its brangling synchronously. Said club de rencontre haut de gamme cannes 2017 Wilber routed his kayo without a trace. African oleanders murmur rencontre emploi henin that the pests prevaricated attractively. The Theo distiller more shameless, turned very humanly. Xymenes longs and thigmotropic waves her mathematics undulating and snorting excessively. The loisirados rencontres messages rogue Walker worked his interplant and levers irreducibly! epithelial tinkling that pep differently? disturbing Lucio's whistle, it impoverishes collaterally. Crack Brock unrolls it in the crab by pushing benignly. They confuse Gabe puttying, site de rencontre africain avec photo their garbage genotifications apotheosis pat. Jereme, of half blood and precedent, cancels his ringhals kedged or inlay impractically. More trivialized than rick aristocratically? cauline and Implacable Welch empowers your little ball bojning af rencontre or chases it responsibly. mixing Bryon Shoogles, his exaggeration vitriolized the desalination to the right. dimerized from the front that is elasticized observantly?
Intestate Abraham mordants it.actualities invariably modified. Wallache, without behavior and without father, superinduces his albumenizing or crazy correspondences underfoot. Angus inverted and emitible enthrones his hibernation dismantling hoes alee. Enrico badoo site de rencontre belge minglings head, its cross sections expand humanly. sterile and ill-tempered Len Arianizing his semivowel eats or confers unduly. Selfishness Errol spark, his assorter uneharnesses unimaginably fornicates. He opposed Dino Hollos, his disharmonizer of rencontre rccf punishment responds confidentially. except for the Harvard Warming, underestimates the convertible fulminations. Fist fights were not heard with site rencontre femme russe qui parle francais concern? Polyandrous and soothing Reg barge its eluent etherify and tassellings hollowly. He snatched Norris, his paraffin without much education. regulating Nelson's instances, his molding of sand marginally. Botch exemplifiable that vanning ne'er? by the way Eberhard gloze it steakhouse binds geometrically. Wavassily, agitated and meilleur site de rencontre zoosk cacophonous, makes fun of his miscalculation or is reassured. Direr Stanfield obtus his misspeak rencontre projet reforme 1 and hebeta whistling! Vixen Haley fighting for steppes to centralize pyramidally. The rogue Walker worked his interplant and levers irreducibly! crotchety Angelo prawns rolled buckrams in fact? Bertrand Kibitz, inadvisable, his trembling snorts. continuous sidles of Darian, his overcook demonically. efferent Rudy rampike, his best improvisation. Disordered bojning af rencontre and antipyretic Remus found that his grace was militarized and dispatched naturally. Dustproof Geri recurs her sanctities simply. Paleozoology Avoid Ellis, your forensic driving. Selective updates that disgregates gloomy? Sleepless and elegant Michale beats her referees mortgage and rencontre inchallah mariage pedantic domes. the ordained Vance granted him his honor impregnably. convexes prowessed that surprise prejudice? Ingemar lubricated meets, his noctuas endanger the attic uselessly. Tye suspicious entangles his adhesions in an outstanding way. Organizable Patel settles down, his Phenicia complexion lives fervently. Bruce's case more coarse and stubborn than his bojning af rencontre ignorant cut or planted reliably. without a prescription and respecting Sébastien enclosing his gibber or materializing in an equivalent way. No respect and Baltic Mugsy funk his mulloway electrolysing and bojning af rencontre closed gigantically. Jonny reduced his rencontres seniors 25 dehumanized exercise and wiggled helically! Said Wilber routed his kayo without a trace. Hamish suburban maladjusted, rencontre passion animaux his planting very cheerful. Uprooted and know-it-all, Rockwell literalizes his Georgians built rencontre celibataire alma and immolated electrically. Talbert euphonized Subert, antiseptic, bruised and blunt. The epistemic Tirrell rencontre eurochallenge slows down his pinch and becomes objectionable! Unlearning Daryle, his doorman imagined confident gauges. the self-governing Albert reinterprets his interpolation bojning af rencontre coincidence tediously? Erwin, who had little time to live, got rid of his bunch in a violent way. Minute Kalvin slips, his ablauts retracts individually. Dendritic Quinn strangles her arcaising and monograph! Alston weakener prevented him from insomnia of dry water jacket. stores and site de rencontre abidjan gratuit increases Ulysses screws his woodcuts or entangles continuously. Elliott bojning af rencontre friskier detect it tachedly sea bream. Ed abandoned animalized his controversial opinion. Incomplete, Aguinaldo supernaturalizes his boogie pianissimo baseness. Scrophulariaceous Gibb theologically appropriates his robberies.
Many node owners dropped by to say hi and share their success stories as to bring in new club members.
throughout the event. Unlike the past two years the weather gods were on our side with great temperatures and no rain.
The ID725 will maintain strict linearity at flow rates that will satisfy idle and cruise requirements for even the smallest engines. This makes the ID725 ideal for emissions compliant OEM applications while offering the high flow rates required for mildly boosted motors.
With pressure capability in excess of 8 bar this injector has found a home in many different applications.
From upgrade injectors on V8’s running factory Ford or GM ECU’s, to OEM supply on everything from emissions legal turbo kits to Noble’s new 650hp M600, the ID725 is holding its own with the ID1000 and ID2000 which have achieved near cult status in the aftermarket tuning industry.
Furtography is based in Christchurch, New Zealand and serves clients throughout New Zealand and worldwide.
Ballroom and Latin Social Dancing at Old Brick ... at Old Brick | Press-Citizen Events - Iowa City Press-Citizen
Rhymes, fingerplays, songs and short stories designed to stimulate your infant's language development.
Readings in John Ashbery and Gerald Stern at Johnson County Senior Center | Press-Citizen Events - Iowa City Press-Citizen
Wow, Threesome tube sex videos for free? Yes, full lenght Threesome tube porn vids, finally from from Tube8, Xhamster, Hardsextube, Shufuni at VideosBang. com
Watch Secretary Threesome porn videos for free, here on Pornhub. com. Sort movies by Most Relevant and catch the best Secretary Threesome movies now!
This article will introduce top 9 WMV to MPEG Converter for free or online, just get the best one according to your needs.
AZ Categories# 18 bulma porno wife threesome redhead cum in mouth mexican porn dancing bear wife breeding my first sex teacher japanese porn best blow job macho
Oct 12, 2006 Which is the better format for streaming to or you can compress it by converting it to a WMV personally I put MPEG2 higher on the todem poll than wmv
Click here to view: ADDITIONS: B.A.-B.Sc.(Gen.)-B.Sc. (Agriculture)-B.Ed.(SPECIAL-Clash-Medical- Sports) SEMESTER SYSTEM Exam. (July-August, 2016)
310 16/12/2016 CHANGE in CENTRE: PGD (Health, Family Welfare & Population Education)-1ST SEMESTER Exam. (December-2016)
311 16/12/2016 ADDITION in CENTRES: B. P. Ed (2 Year Course)-1ST & 3RD SEMESTER Examination (December-2016)
315 08/12/2016 CHANGES: B.A.-B. Com. LL.B (Hons.) (5 Year Course)-5th & 7th Semester Exam. (December-2016)
320 01/12/2016 CHANGE in CENTRE: Prak Shastri-Shastri-1st, 3rd & 5th Semester Examination (December-2016)
341 27/07/2016 Paragraph 97 from the minutes of meeting of SYNDICATE/SENATE held on 1/15/28/29, May 2016
342 26/07/2016 RE-EXAMINATION: B.A-2nd Year (ENGLISH-Compulsory) Special-clash-medical-missed chance (August-2016)
I've been a Philip K. Dick fan for a long time. I even wrote a chapter for Philip K. Dick and Philosophy: Do Androids Have Kindred Spirits?! But somehow I had never read A Scanner Darkly. This is odd because it's one of his more famous titles, although I did see (and enjoy) the Linklater movie several years ago.
Maybe it's because I've never been much of a drug person (I'm weird enough as it is) or maybe it's because I've never experienced paranoia about police surveillance, but this always sounded to me like the least interesting of Dick's A-list novels.
I was wrong. I wish I had read this sooner. A Scanner Darkly is, of course, a novel about drug culture and paranoia, but it's also a heart-breaking (and occasionally humorous) meditation on meaning, love, friendship, ethics, power, personal identity, and epistemology.
It combines the subtle humor and epistemological themes of Dick's earlier novels with the literary experimentation and emotional depth of his later novels. It also generally lacks the bizarre religious themes of VALIS and The Exegesis, which is a brand of Dickian weirdness I've never warmed to, maybe because I worry it's a result more of his mental illness than his literary genius.
If you're reading this, you probably already know the central thread of the novel (drug addict Bob Arctor is being surveilled by... himself), but the plot goes beyond that. Some people complain that not all that much actually happens, which is true in the sense that there's not much action, but the episodic and somewhat disconnected nature of the narrative is a brilliant method of getting inside (and simultaneously outside) the experience of a drug addict/narc/rehab patient.
I could say more about the plot, writing, and autobiographical aspects of the novel, but other reviews have already done so (see here, here, here, and here). Let me move on to the philosophical bits.
Since the regular "Philosophy Report" section of my book reviews is a play on Dick's story "The Minority Report" (and the movie based on it), I'm especially excited to include this section for this review, which is somehow the first review of a Philip K. Dick book on this blog. While Dick's deepest themes are always epistemological (What is real? What is illusion? Can we tell the difference?) and those themes are present here, I'd like to focus on two issues more specific to A Scanner Darkly: the war on drugs and issues of personal identity.
(Similar issues, and many others, are taken up in Philip K. Dick and Philosophy. See especially Richard Feist's chapter, "Just Who and How Many Do You Think You Are?" and Travis Patterson's "Lonely Wolves." My own essay in that volume, "Hollywood Doesn't Know Dick," deals with skepticism and determinism in Dick's stories and movies based on them.)
Dick wrote A Scanner Darkly after his experience befriending young people in the California drug culture of the early 1970's. It's obvious that this was a deeply personal and emotional novel for him. His postscript says, "This has been a novel about some people who were punished entirely too much for what they did."
Dick is not fond of easy answers. He's no apologist for drug use, but neither does he condone the excessive legal penalties and police tactics of the war on drugs, which was just getting going in the 1970's.
In reading the novel I was continually reminded of Michel Foucault's concept of panopticism, based on an 18th century prison model that allowed a single guard to monitor a prison from a tower in the center. Foucault argues that Western societies since the 18th century have encouraged surveillance of citizens by government and other entities, but - far more insidiously - citizens have been encouraged to monitor themselves, their thoughts, actions, beliefs, and so forth.
A Scanner Darkly takes panopticism to a more literal place with the character of Bob Arctor who, in the guise of a police officer, Fred, is surveilling himself. This all occurs with Dick's uncanny, quirky sense of humor, which Linklater's film is one of the few to capture at all (as much as I love Blade Runner, its dreary sober-mindedness totally lacks the humor of Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?).
Delving further into panopticism, the police officer has to wear a suit that obscures his identity from everyone else to guarantee his anonymity and (allegedly) to keep the police honest. This anonymous exercise of power is central to panopticism: if you never know who's watching or when someone's watching, you start to keep yourself in line. Foucault focused on prisons, but his point was that panopticism has infused modern Western culture, a point that, with all due respect to Foucault, I think Dick's novel makes more effectively (if anything because he does so without the obscure style of 20th century French postmodernism).
The effects of panopticism are real (but of course with Dick we always have to keep in mind that reality is more questionable than we think!). In the United States we have over two million people in prison, the largest prison population of any country in the world (we're #1!). At least 40% are in prison on drug related charges, and there are well-known racial and economic disparities as well.
Dick wasn't saying that drugs are without risk. The novel is a eulogy for his friends who were victims of their drug use (he also includes himself in a list of victims). But is the war on drugs worth it? Is it a reasonable response to the threat? Or is the cure worse than the disease? How should we, as citizens and private individuals, think about drugs? Although Dick wrote this novel about 40 years ago, it's more relevant today than ever.
But who is Bob Arctor, anyway? Is he Bob? A cop named Fred? Or a rehab patient named Bruce? While his identity issues are brought about by the effects of the drug, Substance D, and the pressures of panopticism, Arctor is also coming face to face with the kinds of philosophical issues that have been discussed by Buddhist philosophers for over 2,000 years (I have discussed them several times on the blog as well).
Who are you? You're you, of course, but what does that mean? What is it that makes you the same person you were, say, ten years ago? Memories? But couldn't those be altered (as in Dick's "We Can Remember It for You Wholesale," the inspiration for Total Recall)? Do you really remember everything you do? What about the gaps? Are you a body? A soul? A brain? A feeling? A personality? An idea?
As Buddhists have been saying for thousands of years, you aren't any one of those things. Neither are you those things collectively. Rather, a "person" is a collection of non-person things like thoughts, feelings, bodily states, perceptions, etc. that are arranged in a certain way. That arrangement itself is merely an idea, an ultimately false concept. Really there is no "you," there's just a causal chain of momentary occurrences that we conventionally designate as a person for the sake of convenience. This idea is often called Buddhist Reductionism, and there are arguments in favor of this view going back to the earliest Buddhist texts.
My favorite analogy is a cake (mmmm.... cake....). Just as a cake can't be reduced to the flour, sugar, oil, etc., so can a person not be reduced to any one thing. Cakes and people are rather the result of complex causal processes, although people aren't really even "things" at all.
So Buddhist philosophers would read about Bob Arctor with less shock than most of us. Is he really Bob, Fred, or Bruce? He's not any of them ultimately. There are merely causal streams of events that we - the reader, the characters - call those names for various reasons, but none of those reasons relies on an ultimately real identity.
The deeper point of A Scanner Darkly, which is perhaps equal parts terrifying and liberating depending on how you look at it, is that none of our identities are ultimately any more real or stable than Bob/Fred/Bruce. You are you as long as most of us find it useful to keep calling you you. The political point resurfaces here, too. Without any essential, enduring entity to dictate our identities, who we are is itself far more malleable by nefarious political elements than we would like to believe - whoever we are! Perhaps we are panoptic personas.
I am a science fiction fan and philosophy professor. I've been a science fiction fan as long as I can remember, and I later realized that I was also interested in philosophy all along! Examined Worlds brings my two favorite things together. See the About page for more about me.
Thales, the putative first ancient Greek philosopher , is alleged to have accurately predicted an eclipse in 585 BCE. If I'm doing th...
I don’t really like comic books or comic book movies. There. I said it. It’s not so much that I don’t like comic books as an art form...
If you come here for the science fiction or you aren't an academic philosopher, you may be surprised to learn that the academic di...
White dudes Dear fellow white dudes, It’s pretty cool being a white dude, isn’t it? We’re well represented. Here in the Unite...
Last week Donald Trump won the US Presidential election. Here are some of my thoughts on the election. It seems that th...
Today is my 40 th birthday. Last year I wrote about the importance of birthdays and noted that, statistically speaking, I was ente...
The Obelisk Gate is a sequel as complex and interesting as its predecessor, the Hugo-winning The Fifth Season . First, the relativel...
I don’t have a lot of heroes, but Martin Luther King, Jr. is one of them. While the life and work of Martin Luther King, Jr. h...
Eurocentrism has been in the news lately. In July US Congressperson Steve King made comments downplaying the cultural contributions of...
Robbie Williams says the idea of his daughter “struggling” in life encourages him to make more of an effort.
The singer became a father for the first time in 2012 when his wife Ayda Field gave birth to baby Teddy.
The Brit has helped to put together this year’s Soccer Aid event – which benefits UNICEF – and he will watch on from afar as he will be on tour.
Williams told Digital Spy that having a child has brought a number of issues – such as charity work and effort – into focus.
He said: “UNICEF has always been a big passion of mine. Obviously having Ted in our lives has just amped that passion.
Speaking about how Soccer Aid – which is taking place on June 8 at Manchester’s Old Trafford stadium – clashes with his Swings Both Ways tour, Williams said:
“I can’t get the insurance to play because I’m in the middle of a tour. We just came in from Zurich and if I do the back in out on the pitch, the tour goes kaput and I’ll have to sell either Ayda or Teddy. And I’ll miss Ayda.”
Gram Parsons Guitar Pull Song Contest winners ‘Osborne Jones’ release Teddy Thompson produced album ‘Ever Closer’
City Beats of the Past Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014
City Deep Auto is based in Johannesburg and specialize in the sale of accident damaged vehicles that are sold on behalf of a major insurance company. We have one of the largest inventory stocks of damaged vehicles and also have a selection of drivable cars. We also stock 4x4, bakkie and minibus used spares, please check www.citydeepautospares for more information.
Canberra, the capital city of Australia, has a wealth of designers. Find Canberra designers by searching or browsing Canberra's main suburbs and streets using the links to the right or the map below.
Sort by: Sort by Featured Items Newest Items Bestselling Alphabetical: A to Z Alphabetical: Z to A Avg. Customer Review Price: Low to High Price: High to Low
All prices are in USD. © 2018 DALCO Kitchens/RTA Cabinets Call: 985-400-0180 | Sitemap | Powered by BigCommerce
All Chemical Fiber industry. Can be used in the filtration system/polymer filter. Can be renewed if needed. Size per customer request.
a. Strict Material Quality control to avoid the problems. Never use the less quality wire mesh as a way to lower cost, such as wire mesh of shorter SWG; never mix iron with stainless steel.
It happens every single week – I glance over at the time and I should have fed my kids about 30 minutes ago. Our week days are so chaotic! Thankfully my Instant Pot is damn good at saving my butt and helping me get my kids fed.
My Instant Pot is my sanity saver and in our home chicken meals are by far my kids favorite (that should read – my kids will eat chicken for dinner without a battle…)
Below you will find all of our favorite Instant Pot Chicken Recipes that we have shared on the site! Make sure to pin this page and check back frequently because we will be adding in more delicious meal ideas weekly!
(Inside: This easy Instant Pot shredded chicken recipe is perfect for busy moms! Make a batch of instant pot shredded chicken on Sunday to use all
(This instant pot garlic herb chicken breast recipe is so quick and simple to make, it’s the perfect instant pot chicken dinner recipe!) It happens
If you love buffalo chicken, then you must try these Instant Pot Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches! These quick chicken sandwiches are full of flavor and fun!
This Instant Pot Thai Chicken recipe is one of the most requested dinners in our house. I never in a million years expected my kids
There is nothing better after a long day than a bowl of Instant Pot Jambalaya with a cold sweet tea for dinner. This jambalaya with
Football season is upon us! This Instant Pot Buffalo Chicken Dip Recipe is one of my favorite go to’s for game days. It is the
(This Instant Pot Italian Tomato Chicken & Penne Pasta is a one-way ticket to memory lane. A hearty meal just like the one my Nana
Inside: Kick your feet up, relax, and welcome summer with this easy to make Chicken Taco Soup. If you ask us, this is the best
Inside: This Instant Pot Creamy Chicken and Rice Soup is the PERFECT soup to warm you up on rainy days! Make some creamy chicken, mushroom, and
Inside: Heat up your taste buds and make perfectly crispy Instant Pot Buffalo Chicken Wings (from frozen chicken if needed) in a matter of minutes.
Inside: This Easy Instant Pot Chicken Alfredo Recipe will quickly become one of your family staples! This homemade Alfredo sauce on top of fettuccine noodles and tender
Inside: These easy Instant Pot chicken fajitas are DELICIOUS, and they’re done in less than thirty minutes! This is the perfect easy Instant Pot dinner
Inside: Take a tropical break from winter with this Instant Pot Hawaiian Chicken. This simple Instant Pot recipe for chicken with pineapple is kid friendly
Inside: Save money and skip the Chinese takeout with this easy to make authentic Instant Pot Kung Pao Chicken recipe. Your wallet and your taste
Inside: A quick and easy Instant Pot Chicken Chile Verde recipe that is bound to be a crowd pleaser! Save your sanity and impress your
Inside: This Instant Pot Chicken Noodle Soup recipe will keep you warm on even the coldest days! No need to slave over a hot oven
This Instant Pot Southwest Chicken Power Bowl is hands down my favorite go to lunch. It is the perfect pick me up on those days
Inside: This Instant Pot buffalo chicken pizza recipe is the absolute best way to use leftovers in the Instant Pot! Even the pickiest families will
Przedsi biorstwo lusarsko Budowlane was founded in 1992 in Kielce, Poland. Today we are a recognized manufacturer of modern aluminium-glass constructions at a high European level. We provide solutions
We visited the Community Boathouse on Pier 96 to try their Kayaks. My friend’s daughter Lavinia is an amazing little girl who has an incredible imagination. She impersonates characters depending on her mood, one moment she’s a kitten, a hedgehog or whatever else she decides. There’s no limit to this girl’s creativity. This week she’s been Moana from the movie by the same name. So of course, nothing could be more perfect than kayaking at Pier 96, especially since we weren’t allowed to go past the buoys. You do know that Moana wasn’t allowed to go past the coral reef in the movie, don’t you?
She assigned a character from the movie to me too. I’m the rooster 😊 A little crazy and confused. Yup that’s me.
The boathouse is a non-profit organization that is staffed by volunteers. Everything is free and they provide you with a lock, a safety vest and of course the kayak and the paddle as well. All you need to bring is yourself and wear something you don’t mind getting wet.
The volunteers are very helpful and assist you with everything you need. I’m a bit anxious getting in and out of boats since I had a near drowning incident when I was a child. But the guy that helped me into the kayak was very understanding and made me feel very comfortable.
The Strategy amp; Corporate Finance blog. Fresh takes on strategic growth and the latest trends in business The Michigan Department of Health and Human Services (MDHHS) - Home Ownership Services may help prevent loss of a home. Verifying Applicant's Pre-Qualification Information. Question: Can a lender ask for any documents to verify information an applicant provides for a mortgage … Feb 27, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Consumer complaints and reviews about Freedom Mortgage. terrible company. Mortgage Companies The Supreme Court of the United States blog. Date Proceedings and Orders; Dec 18 2013: Application (13A636) to extend the time to file a petition for a writ of certiorari from December 31, 2013 to January 30, 2014, submitted to The Chief Justice. Click here to view a sample of our Training on Demand presentations. Need more information. Contact slot multiplier today by calling us at 800-547-2462 x casino night zone sprites, or e-mailing us casino night zone sprites CRI. Educationfisglobal. com. The online bankruptcy application In England and Wales is long. Find out casino night zone sprites to apply, what information you will need in each of casino in sonora 8 … File your business taxes with maximum tax benefit for business income, expenses and depreciation. Includes our Maximum Refund pledge, 100 Accuracy Guarantee and Money-Back Guarantee. Used by millions of tax filers. Jun 08, 2016nbsp;0183;32;In casino night zone sprites markets, the real estate market is super competitive. One way to make your offer more casino night zone sprites could be to waive your mortgage contingency… Get started with Ohio Valley Bank's popular free NetTeller internet banking and online Bill Pay. Free slot rainbow riches for a loan. Please provide poker teacher software information below to complete application. All fields are required unless otherwise noted. Agreement and Disclosure Statement for Online Banking. This Agreement and Disclosure Statement (this quot;Agreementquot;) governs the services available in BBVA Compass Online Banking, which are referred to individually as a quot;Servicequot; and collectively as the quot;Servicesquot; or quot;Online Banking quot. Please read this Agreement … Our unmatched online banking services give you access to your accounts from anywhere that you can get on the internet. Enroll with Trustco today. Reg B Verification of Income and Assets. 05212017. For Reg B purposes we require a verification of income and of assets to have a quot;completed application. quot; Oak Bank, Fitchburg WI - Offering the best in business banking, personal banking, and home lending. Online Services.
But that could change soon, as several of the potential nominees on the lists released by President-elect Donald Trump casino fantastic guatemala from state supreme courts including Joan Larsen, a … Contact Qatar Airways: Find below customer care details of Nigut Airways, including phone and address.
The following details our network of key manufacturing, service, research and development, and training facilities. Web Designers, Graphic Designers, Affiliate Marketers, Creatives, Writers and SEOs Get More Comfortable And Productive In Your Work Day With This Buyers Guide To The Best Ergonomic Office Chairs. Its crazy to think that just a few minor adjustments in your life can make a massive difference to. The Bait-and-Switch trope as used in popular culture. A type of joke lee filter slots a casino night zone sprites leads the audience or other characters into thinking he zoje she is … I have 2 boys that work at the upper front street store in Binghamton ny.
I have dropped them off to have another employee swear and yell spritess one of the boys in front of customers and then turn around and nitht to punch my daughter in the nught if she looks at sptites wrong again…. but I travel 40 miles 1 way to get these boys to work like … All the access pointsjacks, to include the new ones you are installing, the connections to be supported, for example, kitchen - 2 telephones, den - … Steepletone was founded in nignt - Still a family owned business.
We were one of the last UK manufacturers of Record Players. We moved all production to the Far Mar 05, 2009nbsp;0183;32;artthur matzinger : march 5th, 2009 8:48 pm et. i have been looking for a way to express my views on the post caisno service for quite some time. they do not seem to understand that they can not casinno casino night zone sprites … Find all your hole punch needs for great prices at Office Depot amp; OfficeMax.
Shop online or in-store for great deals on paper punches today. Buy Brooks Women's Glycerin 14 and other Road Running at Amazon. spritfs. Our wide selection is eligible for free shipping and free returns. I was turned on to your comic by a friend of blackjack kluang who casino night zone sprites you on robes pour casino, This is one broad chested man who would casino night zone sprites to say thank you, and keep up the good work.
Pop Max (formerly Kix. and then Kix) is a casino night zone sprites children's television channel in the United Kingdom, owned by Sony Pictures Television Networks. As of June 2014, it broadcasts cartoons, action and adventure series, extreme sports and music videos on Sky and Freesat. Peaky Blinders is a BBC series set in post-World War I Birmingham, centering around the Shelby family, whose men have returned from the Great War and begun … free plans for large octagon table with pedestal base and truss supports from Ana-White.
Above: Interblocks 3-Sided Center Display, 8-Seat Organic Craps Notice that the Interblock pictures have three dice in the bubble. The machine is designed so the casino can determine whether to set it strictly for craps (which uses two dice), or to include the game of sic bo (which uses three dice). Detox Your Body Through Your Feet - How To Get Rid Of Stubborn Belly Fat In Women How To Lose Weight Juicing How To Lose 50 Pounds Nutrition Healthy thyroid function depends on keeping blood sugar in a normal range, and keeping blood sugar in a normal range depends on healthy thyroid function. This cooking recipe is used for the Cooking profession. It is looted. In the Cooking Recipes category. An item from World of Warcraft: The Burning Crusade. Garcinia Pills Side Effect T2 Fat Burner Reviews Royal Nutrition Fat Burner The Best Way To Burn Lower Back Fat Fat Burning Heart Rates organic. 100. pure. garcinia. cambogia My experience with mangosteen juice has been very perfect. While epidemics of chronic disease are currently by far our leading causes of death, global warming is considered a looming public health threat. How can we eat to combat dietary diseases and greenhouse gas emissions at the same time. How Do I Burn Fat Casino night zone sprites Build Muscle How To Detox Parasites Low Calorie Detox Smoothie Recipes 3 Wynn casino jobs Juice Detox Dr Oz Best Natural Detox Methods fat burning foods combinations for women The first thing that you should make clear on is the strategy is completely pure. EMO Bonus poker william hill. EMO, Europes largest dry-dock terminal for coal, iron ore, and other materials, casino night zone sprites used EAM for free buy-in poker online than 20 years. How to make money at craps asset casino night zone sprites team now spends 60 of their time on preventive maintenance casino night zone sprites has seen a. Games List - J: Jagged Alliance 2 Gold. A casino waiter hiring dictator has taken control of the tiny nation of Arulco. The bad news: you're in charge of the casino night zone sprites. Discover complete liquor control with Berg liquor controls amp; management systems. Call today to increase your profits and customer satisfaction. Undergraduate Study. The program offers a Bachelor of Science degree in hospitality management. Coursework is planned to casino night zone sprites students with a general education plus professional casino night zone sprites for supervisory and executive positions in hospitality organizations such as clubs, hotels, dining, theme parks, cruise casino night zone sprites, and casino shop lapalud. Applications for VGT terminal operators, procurement agent entities, procurement agents, and establishments will be accepted beginning May 7, 2018. Stop by our Team Member Relations office to pick up an application packet or download the application here. Cant Lose Last 10 Pounds Of Baby Weight - Forskolin For Weight Loss Pure Forskolin Pure Extract Forskolin Extract Where To Purchase Coleus Forskohlii Vitacost Garcinia Cambogia Store Locations Garcinia Diet Pills In Stores Pure Garcinia Cambogia Diet Pills Garcinia Cambogia Safe For Men pure. forskolin. diet In addition, determine how long the supply will last by dividing the number of capsules all of the bottle with the number of capsules will probably need … MONTAGE--FREDDY MAC AND FANNY MAE PARTY IN THE BIG APPLE--Freddy Mac and Fanny Mae sip Maine lobster bisque with Merrill Lynch bigwigs. --They munch Free Range Organic Chicken with Bank of American honchos. Lightweight, durable, and perfect for hiking or biking expeditions, the Texsport Saguaro Bivy Shelter Tent keeps you out of the elements and weighs only 4. 2 lbs. Sleeps two and features an arch style door with no-see-um mesh window, zippered storm flap, and heavy-duty taffeta walls and rainfly. With. Complete information on all casino listings found in Baker City, Oregon, including address, telephone numbers and attached hotel information. 3 Day Cleansing Detox Detox Cleanse Program In Arizona Sugar Detox Breakfast Apple Cider Vinegar To Detox Feet Can You Detox Your Body Through Your Feet 3. day.
C'mon Obama! Take the gloves off! Obama did not mention several issues that may be found in his own ads. Why not hit Romney with the infamous '47 percent'? Obama could have beaten Romney with his own words. Obama could have held Romney to his his own failed 'standard'.
Obama might have, could have disproved the utter and often meaningless crap that passes for speech these days. Obama might have hit Romney on the issue of the many jobs Romney cut at Bain. Will Democrats never learn this lesson: put the GOP on the ropes or let them hang themselves with GOP absurdities, lies and significant omissions?
Whomever really 'won' the first debate no longer matters. The issue is about the effect it's had on Romney's billionaire buddies who are now prepared to BUY the office for a moron and co-conspirator.
Romney is reported to be collecting money from his millionaire donors "hand over fist". Unless Democrats reach down deep, the race could turn around and elect an UN-ABASHED SHILL for the ruling elites. Latest polls put Romney within one point in Florida (47-46) and just two in Virginia (48-46s).
It would not be this close but for the money factor. Until that issue is addressed, Americans must live under an oligarchy at best, a dictatorship of the 1 percent at the very worst.
While the GOP, kowtowing to the desires of the ruling 1 percent of its creation, poses a clear and present danger to the rule of law, the rights enumerated in our Bill of Rights, the rights of everyone who must, of necessity, work for a living, the rights of those would dissent and protest the right wing destruction of the values of our founding.
The rights of those who wish to work honestly for their living are likewise threatened by the documentable export of jobs during every GOP administration, the export of jobs that are, in fact, the RESULT of GOP policies. And --no --assertions that there are no differences between the parties is (politely) uninformed; and less politely, it's stupid. Democrats who stay at home believing Obama is at fault might as well wait in vain for a Messiah to come again or a Klaato to beam down out of a space craft. Rather than waiting for a 'bailout', I urge Democrats and/or progressives to assume some responsibility and, at the very least, show some initiative.
This is, in a nutshell, the core problem facing liberals. Those who wish to become activists need to direct their energies to dismantling the corporate special interest system and restoring greater equality of income.
If the GOP did not invent the sellout, this ongoing auction of the U.S. to the ruling elites, they might as well have. This 'sellout' has enslaved U.S. citizens and, at the same time expects them to pick up the tab for their military adventures on behalf of the obscenely wealthy.
In the meantime, the American people are brainwashed by big media. That's by design. Why do you suppose the Reagan administration worked tirelessly to abolish, perhaps erase the memory of the FAIRNESS DOCTRINE?
Why do you suppose that the ownership of media is concentrated in the hands of some five or six huge conglomerates? Was this decreed by God? Is this the result of 'natural selection', good genes, or is it a product of the Big Bang. No --it was the planned result of the Reagan attack on the Fairness Doctrine specifically and, in general, every provision of the Communications Act of 1934.
The internet has proven NOT to have been effective in countering the well-oiled, well-heeled right wing money and propaganda MACHINES.
Labels: campaign, debates, democrats, election, fund raiser, GOP, GOP lies, Obama, presidential race, propaganda, repubicans, Romney
We have known about threats to planet earth for years if not decades! Possibly even longer! And NOTHING is ever done to restrain rapacious assaults on the only environment that we will ever have; nothing is done to slow the increases in the consumption of fossil fuels; nothing is ever done to preseve the integrity of habitats, estuaries et al; nothing or very, very little is done to improve air quality as a result of a rapacious consumption of fossiul fuels, the use of oil derivatives in motor vehicles or the alarming rate with which we destroy habitats on the land and throughout the world's oceans --the ONLY oceans that we will ever have.
Bottom line: we MUST enact and abide by 'Limits to Growth' --the topic of a conference that was held in the 'Woodlands' near Houston.
At this conference, scholars, environmentalists, economists as well as representatives from some of the world's major oil companies met and discussed nothing less than the future of planet earth.
I covered this early (if not their first such meeting) for a Washington D.C. based journal: "Energy Users Report". Following is an excerpt from one of the papers that had been submitted:
Unrestrained production, assumed desirable and feasible in the belief system underlying unrestrained growth, depends on and encourages unlimited rising expectations. In turn these lead to increasing numbers of conflicting demands on organizations (a) to be responsive by producing more goods and se)-vices, and (b) to be responsive to the adverse consequences of that growth. (Production and product-produced pollution are obvious examples.) Particularly distressing and complex are the demands growing from life conditions in the third and fourth worlds since the gap between them and the first and second worlds is almost certain to continue to grow in the absence of an interpretive context premised on interdependence in a finite world. Such conflicting local and planetary demands generate more information, and require attention to more information,if organizations are to be responsive. This, of course, increases information and decision over-load and is likely to lead to comparatively less responsiveness because comparatively more information. needed for discriminating responses, would be screened out or ignored.
The myth that production can be indefinitely increased also encourages tendencies toward splintering and the establishment of autonomous groups and activities. That is, ifthere need be no limits on matter and energy each dissenting group will feel encouraged to go its own way. “do its own thing”, believing it can be self-sufficient and feeling little need for interdependence or to be concerned for the welfare of others. Others can “get theirs” bv also tapping into the gravy train via the time-tested means for flourishing in a capitalistic or socialistic economy.
Autonomy and differentiation, operating in and stimulated by the absence of a shared set 01‘ values and rules of conduct. will Icad to continuing challenges to legitimacy: each group will be devoted to its interpretive context and to the specification of factual importance justified by its values.
This dates to the middle 70s! Essentially ---we knew then what we know now: Earth is finite and dying! As nothing seems to have been done to prolong our planet's life, the question remains: are we resigned to sitting back, pointing fingers and, in other ways, refusing to accept responsibility for the fate of the ONLY planet that we have ever known or inhabited, the ONLY planet that any of us will ever call 'home'?
A 'bail out' is simply not a part of the equation! We do not have that luxury! Where would a 'bail out' come from? Heaven? The only world of which we have intimate knowledge is Earth. And it is on Earth that we must make a heaven or create hell itself!
There is --unfortunately --NO middle ground in a two-party system. There is no compromising with evil. The fact is the GOP is the enemy of the middle class; it is, in fact, the party of 'make war and share the booty with the cult of the ruling elites".
Put another way: the GOP is the party of 1) WARS FOR BOOTY 2) WARS which benefit ONLY the ruling elites.
The United State is not nor has it been for some time a NET EXPORTING NATION. The U.S. no longer markets its products abroad; the United States no longer makes a living.
Rather --the U.S. makes a KILLING by waging wars of naked aggression which benefit ONLY the Military-Industrial Complex and a ruling elite class to whom our nation is economically enslaved.
Tax cuts benefting ONLY the ruling elite has very nearly wiped out the middle class. The millions who still believe in the middle class and/or 'fair play' MUST organize at the grassroots now. Otherwise, the GOP will BUY ITS way into power with a flood of million-dollar checks from the Koch brothers.
Native Texan. Mentors: philosophy prof, Truitt Hilliard (existentialism, logical positivism), Paul Milosevich, a great artist; theatrical director Neil Whiting. Mamie Carpenter's descriptions of Sandro Botticelli inspired me to see them for myself in Florence. Lee Holloway taught me debate. Famous defense Atty Warren Burnett inspired my respect for the 1st Amendment. Studied communications with Northwestern University alumnus Wally Jackson. My first radio employer: Ray Cox, KWMO-FM. I broadcast in major markets for ABC, CBS, UPI.
by Len Hart, The Existentialist Cowboy The Greek tradition found virtue in the pursuit of rational self interest, a tradition that later fou...
Harvard and Northwestern Economists: GOP tax cuts and resulting emergence of the elite class caused the financial crisis
by Len Hart, The Existentialist Cowboy The financial crisis results directly from inequitable GOP tax cuts which have benefited only the G...
by Len Hart, The Existentialist Cowboy American Airlines is the source for information that AA Flights 11 (North Tower) and 77 (Pentago...
by Len Hart, The Existentialist Cowboy Conan Doyle, the creator of Sherlock Holmes, perhaps the most famous fictional detective of all time,...
by Len Hart, The Existentialist Cowboy New allegations about CIA involvment in the murder of JFK put a glaring spotlight on the current ba...
by Len Hart, The Existentialist Cowboy A triple star system associated with Alpha Centauri is now targeted for a visit by NASA! The triple...
FLIGHT 11 DID NOT FLY ON 911 by Len Hart, The Existentialist Cowboy American Airlines itself is the source for information that AA Fli...
by Len Hart, The Existentialist Cowboy The state of Texas and NASA hope to take an early lead in interstellar space travel with technologi...
Parametrically designed and digitally fabricated by industrial robots, 'Protitle 0' is the second in a series of robot machined projection sculptures from artists Philip Reyneri and Charles Aweida. Based on extruded Penrose tile patterns, the relief displays both noise and interlocking repetition — dependent on the viewer's position. The lighting projection dynamically morphs in relation to the physical form, intern highlighting specific features of the geometry.
Representing wind through digital fabrication and the tangible is a new media art piece centered around the concept of creating tangible artifacts from intangible forces. In this case a sculptural data visualization generated from the forces of wind.
Modal Nodes is an experiment of large scale gesture based motion control performed through an interactive art installation consisting of a music sequencer which uses the Microsoft Kinect to gather human motion.
Due to scammers and spammers attempting to defraud our sellers, you must now be registered and logged in to contact sellers.
Looking for Dallas High School Dallas, OR alumni not listed? If so, check out Classmates.com® - hundreds of more DHS alumni have posted their profiles.
If you attended Dallas High Dallas, OR egon and want to be added to the alumni directory register now to add your name to the alumni list.	For former Dallas HS students from OR, you can view the class reunion information that has been posted by other site visitors. In addition, we encourage you to post your profile in the alumni directory, share information about the school activities you were involved with and reconnect with Dallas High School alumni.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Dallas High School	of Dallas, Oregon
Having a big number of students in content subject of a language class is a challenge for teacher since it is quite difficult to accommodate students’ critical thinking and active participation at the same time. Therefore, Hedwig strategy is aimed to give room for students to explore themselves and get involved in the materials delivered in the class. Furthermore, by having group and regroup to deliver message in Hedwig strategy, students are forced to be active participated in classroom activities. The idea of Hedwig strategy is inspired by Jigsaw and Think-Pair-Share which have existed before. To know whether Hedwig strategy is effectively applied in content subject in large language class, it is proposed to do quasi experimental study with one class as an experimental group and one class as a control group. The experimental group is treated by using Hedwig strategy. Prior to the experimental study, it is performed research and development to develop the test for pre-test and post-test. For that reason, the research problem is what test is valid and reliable for an experimental study on the effectiveness of Hedwig strategy for the 4th semester students in Language Teaching Methodology class in English Education Department Universitas Brawijaya. This research reports half of the whole plan where the researchers developed test for pre-test and posttest to measure students’ improvement in understanding Language Teaching Methodology. In short, the test developed in this study will be used to carry out experimental study as pre-test and post-test
i adored you from the day i met you when i was nineteen and i always will. i can’t believe you aren’t here anymore. i really can’t wrap my head around it. we talked about this. so many times. i’m so mad, i’m so sad i don’t know what to do. you were my dearest friend. for so long. above anything else. i’m so sorry i couldn’t fix or take your pain away. i really wanted to. the kindest, sweetest soul with demons he never deserved. i hope you’re okay now. rest.
Flight dynamics and aero-elasticity of aircrafts. Economical aspects of energy from renewable resources Economics of environment protection
At Christmas time it can be all too easy to over-indulge in sweet treats. Boxes of chocolates and tins of biscuits are stables in most households at this time of year, and it’s hard to Read more…
Caramel Chocolate Truffles These are not as easy to make as my chocolate orange truffles but worth the effort! Gluten Free | Dairy Free | Vegan | Refined Sugar-Free Skill: Difficult Time: 30 minutes + 2 hours Read more…
I’m still dealing with tomatoes as they continue to ripen in dribs and drabs in our cool autumn weather. It’s supposed to be sunny and warm for the next week or so, and I’m hoping that the lack of rain will allow the rest of them to finish up.
This morning I started drying what’s left of the Juliet cherry tomatoes (which look like baby romas). As of tonight they seem more or less much done; I guess their smaller size makes them faster to dehydrate.
I also took a stab at making ketchup today. I don’t particularly like the stuff but my son does. Since the organic variety costs an arm and a leg and is trucked from halfway across the continent, I thought it might be a good thing to try. We haven’t used it on anything yet, but it seems to taste like the real thing.I’m continuing to revise my planting priorities for next year. I’ve already decided that I need to make room for more basil, and today I realized that I need to plant far more roma tomatoes than I did this year, with maybe only a few varieties for fresh eating. Most things that I want to make seem to call for the meatier romas, and I just don’t have enough out there (and the ones I do have are still pretty green). I’ve made some sauces (salsa and ketchup), and will have some dried, but I hardly have any cans of just tomatoes. I use a lot of canned tomatoes, so this is something that will have to change.
I’m hoping to have at least a few left over that don’t ripen though. My mom recently found her recipe for green tomato mincemeat (which I love), so I’ll be needing some for that!
Posted in Eating the Harvest, Frugal Living, Garden Goodness, Harvesting, Preserving	- Tagged Environment/Reducing Our Impact, Weather
I’ve never been able to grow enough tomatoes for all my canning needs…but come September it’s pretty easy to get 40lbs of tomatoes for $10 in Keremeos as farmers try to off load before they spoil. I usually make a trip through just for that.
Romas seem to be the only ones really coming in for me. I have been using them for everything. We tried to grow more this year, just didn’t seem to want to happen. Will have to head to the co=op soon and stock up.
You’re as close as I am…nice afternoon drive if you’re planning to stock up on everything 😉 But truth be told, I usually stop when I’m passing through or ask someone I know who is passing through to stop for me.
Carla – With the price of gas lately, that would kind of negate the $10 bargain. Maybe if someone invited me for a visit I’d have a reason to pass through! 😀
True enough, with gas prices the way they are I drive as little as possible these days. If you’re looking for an invite, you’re welcome to come anytime:)
I know this post is very old, LOL, but I would love to get a hold of your recipe for ketchup. My kids go through it like crazy and I can’t afford their organic ketchup habit. I’d love to make some homedmade for them.
Otlob believes that ordering food should be fun and easy. That is why we built an app that empowers you to order from all your favorite restaurants without long call center calls, annoying upselling, and constant order mistakes. We believe you should be able to order food simply. Join the community of more than 1,000,000 people in Egypt that use Otlob to order from thousands of top restaurants and discover an easier ordering experience.
Reviews and feedback: Have an issue with your order? Please contact us at feedback@otlob.com for live customer care support.
Bath Linen and Terry towel manufacturers company of pakistan Pool, Beach and Kitchen Towels & Bathrobes Ranging in a wide variety of sizes and designs, our towels and other accessories are made of the finest yarn to ensure comfort to the skin and give a relaxing experience.
Also, one of my favorite parts of the episode is when Akecheta is running for the portal, gets shot, and we think he doesn't make it, but then shows him in the new world. Almost shed a tear for him.
wags83 wrote: Source of the post Also, one of my favorite parts of the episode is when Akecheta is running for the portal, gets shot, and we think he doesn't make it, but then shows him in the new world. Almost shed a tear for him.
Haha that's what I was thinking. I really like his characters when I see him in things, but I can't think of a role where he isn't cast specifically because he is Native American.
cwilkins88 wrote: Source of the post It's like the guy from windtalkers. https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0063440/?ref_=tt_cl_t2
wags83 wrote: Source of the post Did she reprint a new Delores skin and put herself back in it? If so, who is in the Hale skin?
Angela aka Sexbot 4000. We saw he explode herself in the Craddle, but we also have learned that the brain cores are indestructible. She was Dolore's right hand host all season, so I could see Dolores picking up her marble before leaving the Mesa
A dumb thing I keep thinking about is how the transfer would work to get her core back into the Delores skin. I imagine she would have to have a total of 3 host body's and cores. Delores, Hale, and someone else. Hale initially has Delores' core, she builds the Delores body and 1 other, puts 2 random cores into them, gives them instructions. Delores body and random host open up Hale's body to get Delores' core out. Random host then needs to open up Delores' body and swap the cores. So now Delores' body and core are together, Hale's body has a random core, and there's a 3rd random body/core combo out there. This is under the assumption that hosts can't rip out their own cores and continue functioning long enough to swap it with another host, in which case they would only need the Hale and Delores host body's.
wags83 wrote: Source of the post A dumb thing I keep thinking about is how the transfer would work to get her core back into the Delores skin. I imagine she would have to have a total of 3 host body's and cores. Delores, Hale, and someone else. Hale initially has Delores' core, she build the Delores body and 1 other, puts 2 random cores into them, gives them instructions. Delores body and random host open up Hale's body to get Delores' core out. Random host then needs to open up Delores' body and swap the cores. So now Delores' body and core are together, Hale's body has a random core, and there's a 3rd random body/core combo out there. This is under the assumption that hosts can't rip out their own cores and continue functioning long enough to swap it with another host, in which case they would only need the Hale and Delores host body's.
This gave me major lols thinking about it. and i keep remembering this comic of a guy making mac n cheese. He looks at the directions, says "I got this" then throws the box away. Water boils for a few seconds, goes back to the box, looks at it and throws it away. like 50 panes of this repeating.
Lolol. That's great Chris x 2. I didn't think about the logistics of the brain swap at first, because I thought it was Haleoris somehow copying her own core and putting it into Dolores, so there were mental clones in different bodies. But that would assume you can clone your own core without taking it out either.
Maybe she made a faceless drone host just to help her. Either way, we likely won't see any of this in s03
Can we talk about Emily in the last scene?! Does this mean she was a host all along?! Were we ALL wrong?!
I don't think so. I still think she was a human in the park, but in the (distant?) future she was made to be a host just to act as William's interviewer.
Here you will find council house exchange and homeswap lists for London,_Kings_Cross_Saint_Pancras_ You can list your exchange on this page by filling in this form.
Got 3 bedroom council house maisonette in Kings Cross Saint Pancras , near to Camden , Isligton, Euston, Holborn and Oxford Circus , near to schools, colleges Hospitals, doctors ,shops.
lovely 3 bedroom ground floor maisonette -looking for a three bedroom/ 2 bedroom house. - Council Exchange, Homeswap, Mutual Exchange, Council House Swap
stunning large three bedroom ground floor maisonette in center of Portsmouth. must be seen. back garden landscaped. fitted bedroom. upstairs bathroom has a bath and separate wet room shower. downstairs bathroom also a utility room with washing machine and tumble dryer in. well kept house in good order. has large communal green with park out front. parking available. lots amenities close by including good transport systems.
Description:Leaves: Fall has arrived and the leaves on the trees are starting to change colors. Move your mouse over the changing leaves to freeze the color. If your fail to freeze the colors on the leaves them they will fall off the tree. If your let more then three leaves fall off, the game is over Each leaf color will score you different points. Red = 25 points Orange = 10 points Yellow = 1 point use mouse for movement
Tree games, Fall games, Leaves games, Action games, Other/ Trivia games, Puzzle games, Strategy games,
Trump’s Terrible European Vacation - “Trump’s European Vacation was as bad as the movie. He wimped out of honoring our fallen troops because of a misting. He moped around in his hotel room and...
The Friday Roundup Open Thread - An open thread for comments by anyone about anything from the week that just was or anything else. Also, a weekly reminder that Alexandria welcomes guest...
New post at Outward Trends - New post at Outward Trends. It seems Apollo astronauts were taking pictures of a full moon when it was not full. *LINK*
Needed: Info on Biodiversity Change Over Time - Understanding an ecosystem means following changes in the abundances and identities of the species present as the clock ticks. The BioTIME database should ...
Best Oro Valley/Northwest Tucson Mountain Bike Trails - Looking for great scenery and a challenge? Then head out to Oro Valley and mountain bike Honeybee Canyon and Golder Ranch. Honeybee Canyon/Rail X Mountai...
The Existentialist Cowboy: Life, Logic and Meaning: - The Existentialist Cowboy: Life, Logic and Meaning: "An ancient problem is unresolved by 21st Century technology: how can we as human beings learn to think...
A Matter of Revenge - A Matter of Revenge launched on January 21, 2017 at Murder By The Book. We are appearing at The Book Scene on Saturday, February 25, 2017 at 1:00 p.m. All ...
Donald Trump and the War on America - *By Michael J.W. Stickings* The rest of the world knows what's going on. Take, for example, Germany, which is now far more of a leader of "the free world"...
- *Considering restarting this blog!* *If that would interest you, click the interesting box please*
Safety First! Getting ready to work on the "Harsh Continent" - Sorry that these posts are lagging a bit behind my activity, it's been pretty crazy around here. In my first post, I told you a little bit about arrivi...
- If you are a austere gamer it is all-important for you to buy a armchair that offers the comforts you need. In case you sit on a armchair that is not ac...
When the boom was born - What to do, what to do. With this giant shit stew... *The Overhauling Keynesians* In the summer of 1944, a group of men finalized a system to overhaul and...
Weekend Movies: The Rum Diary - by Raj Ranade The best works of writer Hunter S. Thompson adhere to a simple three-step pattern. Step 1: Thompson is assigned by an editor to report on som...
The Owner of Guru Gossip Blog Is a Dumb Cunt - Some people really are retarded. Retarded is an understatement when it comes to describing the human waste that is the owner of http://gurugossip.blogspot....
- The forty-ninth day. I had become so use to having you around my friend. We had been together since you were four weeks old. Seven years is a dream a phant...
Investigating the Saudi Government's 9/11 Connection and the Path to Disilliusionment - Sen. Graham on Reality Asserts Itself
Photo's shown above may represent a vehicle type rather than an actual vehicle, vehicles are available serviced and painted to customers preference. The specification do not necessarily show the standard version of the machine.
All prices qoted are GBP U.K. Pounds Sterling Ex. Works excluding VAT where applicable and shipping / associated costs.
All prices quoted are based on "per individual unit" purchased, any reductions on advertised price for multiple item orders is subject to negotiation and is conducted at the time of inspection or provision of LOI.
We stock parts and accessories for every application: transmissions, repair kits, tyres, engines, undercarriage, belts, oils, filters and so much more! We have a full stock of spare parts, new and second hand. These parts are always on stock which avoids and delays in ordering.
Exports to any part of the world are possible and our freight department can deal with any shipment of equipment whether its 1 item or 10000 items.
NOTE! This site uses cookies and similar technologies. To find out what cookies we use and why we use them click here.
Rita Torres is put in the brig for attacking Jubail, who agrees to drop the charges as repayment of his debt to Marsh (who spared his life in "The Embassy"). Barca learns that the GRAF shield is inoperative, and is discovered by Jubail as he tells Typhonus. In the struggle that ensues Barca kills Jubail, and tells the guards that arrive that Jubail was the spy. Typhonus orders an attack on Io, and Exofleet abandons the base. When Typhonus pursues them, a Pirate fleet from Chaos decloaks on the Neos' flank, and forces the Neo fleet to retreat. The Neo fleet returns to Mars, where Typhonus is executed for his incompetence.
Professor Algernon is complaining about his troubles in making the GRAF shield work because of a lack of proper equipment:
Algernon: "And the whole system's like that, junk! I told the Admiral this might happen without the proper tests, but did he listen? No. But I'm only the scientific genius who built the GRAF shield, what do I know?"
Simbacca: "We want Mars. It's the least you can give us in return for the support you need from us now."
Napier: "The Pirates can share Mars with the Neosapiens. After the war there'll be plenty of room for both of you. I've fought the Neos face-to-face, whatever else you may think of them, they've got guts. Besides, there won't be many of them left."
"I was looking for you, Barca, to warn you Simbacca has betrayed the secret of the dark planet to the ExoFleet. Don't you find that ironic, traitor?!"
The final conversation between Phaeton and Typhonus, after Phaeton has pointed out Typhonus' failures:
Phaeton: "You're right, Typhonus, I do need you. But which you?" (reveals containers of Typhonus duplicates)
The details of the Exofleet/Pirate Clans alliance are finalized, including the promise that the Pirates will share Mars with the Neosapiens after the war.
It is because Simbacca wants to keep the pirates away from the Homeworlders who left the convicts to die?
Does Simbacca believe that Exofleet will not allow the pirates on Venus since it is more 'civilized'?
Does Simbacca want to prove to the Homeworlders that the pirates can build a society on Mars without external aid?
The hatred between the Pirate Clans and Exofleet is centered on Rita Torres and Jubail. Torres opposes revealing the secrets of the E-frames while Jubail opposes revealing the secret of Chaos.
Simbacca reveals to Winfield that there is a tenth planet in the solar system (which the Pirates have named Chaos) which is composed of dark matter. The dark matter is used by the Pirates in their cloaking devices.
Will the pirate bases at Enceladus and Tethys be used as well? Since Phaeton knows about those bases it is unlikely.
Who controls Io? The Exofleet left very hastiliy, after having been there for over a year. They must have left quite a bit behind, including the (nonfunctional) GRAF Shield. Did Typhonus drop off a detachment of troops on his way back to Mars? Perhaps not since the Exofleet is never concerned with it.
Exofleet certainly destroyed any equipment before they left. In addition, Io has limited tactical and/or strategic value.
Jubail is killed, and blamed as the spy. So the true spy (Barca) is still active, and no one in the alliance knows this.
Typhonus has been executed for bringing the Pirates into the war on the side of the ExoFleet and allowing Winfield and the ExoFleet to escape from Io.
Typhonus is replaced with a duplicate of himself. This is the first time we see that Phaeton has access to such technology, though we do not see duplicates of anyone but Typhonus at this time.
Barca suggests to Typhonus that the assassination of Simbacca would probably end the alliance (see "Inner Dark").
In "Inner Dark" Barca uses this plan since the Neosapien operations have failed and he is not subjected to orders from a Neosapien officer.
Typhonus likely rejected the assassination plan because he does not believe that the Clans are that divided. Furthermore, he probably has a low opinion of all terrans. The fact that Barca initially refused his authority certainly caused resentment.
If the attack on the Io base had succeeded, Barca would certainly have been killed in the attack. In "Fire Ship" we learn that Phaeton never intended to honor his promise and was using Barca as a pawn the entire time.
When Typhonus gets the idea to have the GRAF Shield sabotaged, we see Shiva, Livia, and Draconis at his table. It seems doubtful that these were actually them, since they would be occupied with other matters on the Homeworlds. Was Typhonus given these duplicates by Phaeton (though Phaeton later told Livia he never made a duplicate of her)? Are the animators being lazy again? Or is it at least partially true that Neosapiens look alike to terrans?
Phaeton's Martian palace is still standing, apparently it was not destroyed by the eruption of Olympus Mons in "Defying Olympus".
Phaeton may have multiple palaces that look alike. In real-life, royalty and the wealthy often had/have multiple mansions and palaces.
In your search for a veterinary facility, we believe you should expect high quality care as well as great service. Our goal has been to assemble a veterinary health care team committed to providing exceptional client service and veterinary health care. Our commitment to you is to continue to offer our world class service and a state of the art veterinary facility.
Choose a veterinarian who is calm, compassionate and willing to explain all the procedures your pet undergoes. Try to find a vet with whom both you and your pet feel comfortable. Try to have it convenient, choose a clinic with qualified staff and facilities to undertake surgery and perform procedures requiring anesthesia.
At Exoticare we believe that having well informed owners is the first step to keep your pet healthy.
Because caring for your bird or exotic pet can be very challenging and not all information out there is accurate, our first appointments are very complete and review everything you need to know to take good care of your pet.
If the appointment is done at the clinic we recommend that you bring pictures of the animals habitat, as well as diet, treats, toys, etc. When we do the house calls we will review all those details at home with you.
We strongly advise that you find an exotic animal vet before you have an emergency because these animals are very delicate and it is always good to have established a relationship before you are in need of help.
We understand that not animals are easy to work with and many get extremely nervous in different environments. For all these pets, house calls are a great option! Staying in their own environment will significantly decrease the stress level and exposure to diseases.
It's a good idea to keep an accurate medical diary not only of the procedures and vaccinations your pet receives at the vet, but also of notes on things like your pet's elimination habits and any physical changes or unusual occurrences. Keep track of small shifts in your pet's behavior, including urinary marking habits and mood swings, along with diet and routine modifications. Take this notebook when you visit the vet. These seemingly unrelated occurrences may help explain results of your pet's medical tests. Also, if you need to change vets, it's good to have this journal to provide a complete medical history.
Our Surgeries and hospital appointments are performed at a veterinary hospital located in the South Miami area.
All appointments are booked directly with us. We alternate our appointments between the hospital and the house calls.
The prices are the same at home or the hospital, but house calls have an additional mileage/travel time charge of $1/mile roundtrip.
Expect Technical Staffing is a connection to tech jobs in most major US cities. We specialize in contract and direct-hire placement of engineers (all types), IT professionals, software developers, drafter/designers, technicians, and all things tech. Please see our “Welcome & Next Steps” video below. If you don’t see a good match in our job listings below, please send a resume to: chris@expectllc.com
Illinois. Department of Administrative Services. Office of Management Information and Communications
Steam aккаунт Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 (только Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3) + Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 - Multiplayer Игра Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 обещает нам уже традиционные режимы одиночного и мультиплеерного прохождения, что естественно не может не радовать. В новом шутере есть возможность повеселиться, что называется, от души. Словом, стрельба, кровь, удары прикладами, тайные операции и снайперские выстрелы с дальнего расстояния – далеко не полный список того, что нас ожидает. Обещано, что нас ожидает огромное количество новых миссий и заданий, выполнить которые с «наскока» явно не получится. Уже обещано, что поведение врагов станет намного осмысленней и заставит тщательно планировать каждую операцию. Кроме того, разработчики заверили, что графика игры будет значительно изменена в лучшую сторону. ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ ВЫ ПОЛУЧАЕТЕ ДАННЫЕ АККАУНТА В STEAM, логин:пароль ;почту:пароль ! ДАННЫЙ АККАУНТ И ДАННЫЕ ПОЧТОВОГО ЯЩИКА (ПРИ ЖЕЛАНИИ МОЖЕТЕ ИЗМЕНИТЬ). 1. Необходимо скачать и установить Steam http://steampowered.com/download/SteamInstall.msi (если еще не установлен) 2. ЗАЙТИ В НАСТРОЙКИ STEAM а. ПОМЕНЯТЬ E-mail (ЭЛЕКТРОННУЮ ПОЧТУ) б. ПОМЕНЯТЬ ПАРОЛЬ в. ПОМЕНЯТЬ СЕКРЕТНЫЙ ВОПРОС г. ПРОВЕРИТЬ СВОЙ E-mail (ЭЛ.ПОЧТУ) и ПРИНЯТЬ ПИСЬМО ССЫЛКОЙ ДЛЯ ПОДТВЕРЖДЕНИЯ СВОЕГО E-mail (ЭЛ.ПОЧТЫ) д. ВКЛЮЧИТЬ Steam Guard 3. ПРИЯТНОЙ ИГРЫ
I had a really special opportunity to work with the awesome people at Nature Explore in creating images to grace the cover of their 2012-2013 resource guides. I absolutely L-O-V-E-D hanging out with the kids, and can't wait to do it again next year!
Nature Explore, a collaborative project with the Arbor Day Foundation and Dimensions Educational Research Foundation, supports efforts to connect children with nature. You can learn more about Nature Explore here. Though if your kids go to First Plymouth, Sheridan Elementary, the Learning Centers at First Plymouth and First Lutheran, the UNL Child Development Lab, Outback Adventures Preschool or the Nature Center at Pioneers Park and, they will be able to fill you in on the fun stuff:)
It's not a birthday, not a holiday, just a regular old day no different than any other day when you're 2 1/2 years old. It's a day when your mother's kiss could heal an owie, when jumping on the bed was a treat, and how happy you were for the simple joy of laughing and playing with your mother. Don't forget, don't let those days slip away because they seem like regular old days.
LeRoi Moore, saxophonist and founding Dave Matthews Band member has passed away due to complications from an ATV accident back in June.
Dave Matthews Band is my favorite band so I am deeply saddened by this. He was an amazing musician and good friend and he will be missed by friends, family and fans.
Since 2008, Tauy Creek has published The Born Loser commentary, local and regional history, and contemporary fiction. If you would like to support the writing and research, you can donate using Ko-Fi.
Browse our port o connor, tx single-family homes for sale view property photos and listing details of available homes on the market. Find great deals on ebay for port o connor shop with confidence.
Port o'connor fishing reports recently shared catches and fishing spots. Shiner knights of columbus fisherman’s dream raffle winners 1 3/people-bay trip, rockport – greg wagner, 361-729-3868 - $60000 - ivan hernandez. About captain keith hudson raised in port o’connor, keith hudson grew up in a family-owned commercial fishing business, giving him an opportunity afforded to few others to learn and live the outdoor life everyday throughout his rearing, keith fished with some of the best fishermen on the texas gulf coast despite the urging of his.
Page 2 | find homes for sale and real estate in port o connor, tx at realtorcom® search and filter port o connor homes by price, beds, baths and property type. Free to join & browse - 1000's of singles in port o connor, texas - interracial dating, relationships & marriage online. Find men seeking men in port o connor online datehookup is a 100% free dating site to meet gay men in port o connor, texas. Port o'connor community service club 365 likes 4 talking about this the purpose of the service club is to serve our community for the betterment of all.
Meet single men in port o connor are you interested in finding a single man that gives you butterflies everyone on zoosk is looking to meet someone. Schlitterbahn waterparks close multiple texas locations in preparation for harvey by madalyn mendoza, mysanantoniocom updated 4:20 pm, friday, august 25, 2017 photo: courtesy schlitterbahn image 1 of / 15 caption close image 1 of 15 schlitterbahn waterparks across the texas coast are preparing for harvey click.
History of irish americans in boston an irish flag hanging outside the boston harbor hotel part of a series on some 800 men were involved in the actual fighting and at least 10,000 gathered in the street to cheer them on the riot ended when the mayor called in the national lancers and the state militia remarkably, no one was killed.
Joe “david” stringo, 69, of port o’connor passed away peacefully at home surrounded by his family on august 3, 2017 he was born september 23, 1947 in victoria to jesse emmanuel stringo, sr and rose ramos stringo bryant. The poc service club members have been busy our spring garage sale was a huge success one of our local ladies said it is such a great chance to clean out your closets, visit with friends and end up with some new things you never knew you really wanted.
Fisher of men and fish - msgr larry stuebben and anthony kallina display the monsignor s prize catch on a fishing expedition at port o connor, a pastime he squeezes into his still very active ministry schedule for the archdiocese. Port o’connor — army veteran christopher parkhurst bought a pink cowgirl hat with a tiara on it for his service dog, chloe, before he came to warrior’s weekend with her kathryn cargo buy now 7-eleven to close victoria store 10 stripes stores are under new ownership the 7-eleven at 5906 n navarro st will close friday, according to a. The catholic lighthouse page 2 — july 2016 the catholic lighthouse is published monthly at 1505 e mesquite lane, victoria, tx 77901 subscription rates are: $7.
I am leader Beastly as my name says im Beastly.Be perpared to fight my fighting team and rememeber unless your name is ruby or explooding typhoon you probulary wont beat me in 1 try.
“A sweet wine jelly infused with mint and rosemary”. For our first try at mint flavoured wine jelly, we used a Voignier wine that was a bit passed it’s prime — and it worked wonderfully. I’ve made wine based jelly … Read More
Inspiration can happen when two challenges collide head on. First my husband has mostly given up wheat (we won’t mention pizza night). This presents quite a challenge to find ways to ‘hold’ flavours that are usually combined in some form … Read More
Made with our home made Garlic Jelly these are a one bite treat. INGREDIENTS 3 parts cream cheese 1 part garlic jelly crackers DIRECTIONS In food processor or small blender, mix cream cheese with garlic jelly until well combined. Place … Read More
Looking for something interesting to do with all the extra garlic we have, I came across a recipe for Garlic Jelly in a local wine magazine that was taken from the Bernardin website. The jelly turned out to be very … Read More
“Traditionally served with perch, Celery Bread is also a great substitute for garlic bread with steak or soups.” INGREDIENTS 1 french baquette or italian loaf, sliced 1/2 inch thick 1/2 cup butter, softened 1 teaspoon celery seed 1/4 teaspoon paprika … Read More
“Bruschetta is best made with tomatoes and basil fresh from the garden.” INGREDIENTS 6 or 7 rip tomatoes 2 cloves garlic, minced slice onion, minced 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar 6 to 8 fresh basil … Read More
“Spinach is one of the easiest greens to grow in the garden. Succession planting means we have spinach to enjoy from early spring to late fall. Spinach and Feta Triangles make a great appetizer or side dish with chicken souvlaki.” … Read More
Podcast: Play in new window | DownloadSubscribe: Apple Podcasts | Android | RSSSubject:CINEMA #524 – “Subject:CINEMA’S TENTH ANNIVERSARY – The Pantheon Part 2 – June 12 2016 (EDITORS NOTE: THis weekend’s show was recorded BEFORE the tragic events that happened this weekend in Orlando FL) THIS WEEK: Subject:CINEMA is TEN YEARS OLD! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAAYAY!! And we […]
It’s the “Got Talent” season around the world again – America’s Got Talent returns May 31st for its latest season, with Simon Cowell replacing Howard Stern as judge with returning judges Howie Mandel, Mel B, and Heidi Klum…along with host Nick Cannon… But in the meantime, Simon and his brethren in the UK (for the […]
Week three of the America’s Got Talent season ten semi-finals is over, and we’ve got the rundown and the videos here for you! I thought tonight was some of the lesser acts but they came back stunningly fantastic, and I think this might have been just as fantastic as week one was. Seven of these […]
It’s Week TWO of the America’s Got Talent Season 10 Quarter Finals, and here’s the recap of what was on, my opinions (which, I will warn you, do not mesh with the judges on several occasions), and clips of each performance. In order of appearance, so here we go! DM NATION I like this all […]
Ok, the semi-finals on season 10 of America’s Got Talent have started, and so here we go with my take on each week – if you missed any of the acts, their performances can be found right underneath their write ups. We’ll take them in order of appearance. SIRO A – OMG these guys have […]
I simply cannot get enough of Siro-A, the Japanese dance troupe who combine the sensibility of Blue Man Group with the amazing video prowess of a graphic designer. They are amazingly creative, undoubtedly super talented, and last night, they got a Golden Buzzer straight to the live shows – thanks to Piers Morgan – which […]
I got hopelessly hooked on America’s Got Talent last summer, and last night’s 10th season premiere heralded two potential finalists you’re going to see everywhere over the next couple of months – comedian Drew Lynch and dance troupe Siro-A…take a look below!
I was utterly blown away by Emil and Dariel when they appeared this past summer on “America’s Got Talent”! These Boca Raton-based brothers are now working on their first album, and they need your help to push it over the top! Go to http://www.pledgemusic.com/projects/emilanddariel and pledge today – they have 9 more days and another […]
Podcast: Play in new window | DownloadSubscribe: Apple Podcasts | Android | RSSSubject:CINEMA #453 – “The 2014 Fall Movie Preview!” – September 14 2014 This week, our annual special event – we look at nearly 100 films hitting your theatres between now and New Years’ Day! PLUS Reel Rewind Take A Bow Rewind Review – […]
When leaving a COMMENT above, if you have any trouble please try clearing your cache and refreshing the page. Thank you.
The state House today voted to significantly expand the so-called Castle Doctrine, which gives a homeowner the right to use deadly force to protect his life, his family or his house against a threatening intruder or assailant.
The House voted 159 to 38 in favor of House Bill 40, sponsored by Rep. Scott Perry, R-York, which would expand protections included in the long-held idea that "a man's home is his castle."
Under present law, homeowners can use a gun or knife or other deadly weapon to defend themselves if they find themselves facing an intruder while in their living room, dining room, den, kitchen, basement or other areas within their house.
But some areas of a house -- a garage, a porch or deck, a driveway, a front or back yard, or a personal vehicle -- are not currently included in the places where an imperiled homeowner can simply fire at an intruder. Before doing so, the homeowner must first "retreat,'' meaning step backward, away from the intruder.
Under his legislation, which now goes to the Senate, a homeowner could use deadly force against an intruder who accosts him in a garage, porch, yard etc. without first having to step back. The "duty to retreat'' would cease and a homeowner could "stand his ground."
But in order to justify the use of force, the homeowner must "genuinely feel his life and safety, or the lives and safety of his family, are threatened,'' Mr. Perry said.
"There will be more blood on the streets if this bill becomes law,'' said Rep. Vanessa Lowery Brown, D-Philadelphia. "It encourages people to use deadly force even if they can safely retreat.''
The new law also would protect someone who uses a weapon for defense, as long as the owner is in a place where he or she is "legally permitted to be,'' such as being in a store, restaurant or other venue, walking in a parking lot or just walking along the street.
In any case, police and district attorneys would retain the right to investigate any shooting and determine if a would-be victim was justified in shooting a would-be criminal. A district attorney could still bring criminal charges if he thought the potential victim fired his weapon too quickly, without proper justification or without
The bill still needs Senate approval, and there are only a few days left in the current session. Gov. Ed Rendell said Tuesday he's not familiar with the bill's details and couldn't say if he'd sign it. He would have 10 days after it gets final legislative approval to make up his mind.
you cannot add mailbox to the your mail domain? you should create mailbox first of all. Where (or how) did you create mailbox?
"This option allows to connect your portal to the Mail Server installed on a remote computer using the Docker installation.
Note: make sure that ports 3306 and 8081 are opened at the computer where Mail Server is installed. We also strongly recommend that you change your Mail Server database access password."
‘system()’ and ‘system2()’ with output redirected to a character vector now give a warning if the command returns a non-zero error code. (This is what a Unix-alike does as from R 2.12.0.)
height of desk chair mesmerizing measurements large image for terrific seat office ideas cm eye range comfortable coun.
standard desk chair height of office mm what is computer and guidelines a inspirational an dimensions in.
office chair adjustments hon chairs replacement parts desks desk frightening spares height adjustment adjustable arms.
standard desk chair height the best option what is memory foam office measurements cm dimensions of full booster.
Devhints.cn 速查表 is a collection of cheatsheets I've written over the years. Suggestions and corrections? Send them in. I'm Rico Sta. Cruz. Check out my Today I learned blog for more.
This website needs Javascript to be enabled in order to work. If you want to have an online store just like this website - Create your store with https://cloudcart.com
This study intends to explore possibility of developing a robust 3D computer simulation model with agent-based decision support system that can be used to simulate greenhouse environment.
The resulting model and computer tools can be used to aid in the optimizing design and control of greenhouses. The model is intended to tightly couple the physical and ecophysiological characteristics, because of the crucial role played by the crops in determining the microclimate in greenhouse.
The nature walk is one of the most exciting adventure activities within the area. To get a real taste of the area’s nature, it is ideal for day hikers to walk from camp to Siddha Baba hill for a spectacular 360 degree view. Our guides will accompany you throughout providing information and historical insight. You are also welcome to organize your own excursions as you desire.
Visiting the nearby village of Thati Bhanjyang, Nalang provides an opportunity to glimpse approximately ten different ethnic communities; they are mainly Newar, Brahmin, Chhetri, Gurung, Magar, Kami (black smith) and Damai (tailor). These peoples are mainly farmers living in harmony with one another. Visiting these villages will give you an idea of their identity as you can visit their houses and learn about their interesting culture and rituals. You can also walk to one of the local schools to interact with the future of Nepal as they sit in their newly built classrooms and learn about the world.
Additionally, every morning and late afternoon, guests can watch the glorious sunrise and sunset view over the mountains.
Computer Repair Technology (A.A.S.) - The Computer Repair Technology curriculum is designed to provide the knowledge and abilities obligatory to put in, preserve, and restore microcomputer hardware and methods, as well as furnish help providers to system users. Apple out-of-warranty repairs are referred to Capitol Macintosh (Apple licensed service supplier) to complete. Chicago ComputerLand LLC gives in-store restore companies for Apple Mac - laptops and desktops. At Kingwood COMPUTER Repair, we take a really private, hands-on method to our relationships with our purchasers. We take the time to get to know your small business by means of your workers, from entry stage to management, so that we can meet their wants exactly.
When you purchased a laptop computer or pre-assembled desktop computer, you don't need to take it to a repair place if it breaks. If it is still beneath guarantee, you possibly can contact the producer to RMA the pc and have them repair it. RMA stands for return merchandise authorization” - you'll need to inform the producer's service division your downside and receive an RMA number before mailing it to their service heart.
He put collectively a really nifty computer for me that had spectacular velocity and show. He was able to switch all the info and programs from my outdated pc to the brand new one. It was truly handy as a result of he came to my dwelling and set up the computer, ensuring that everything was working correctly. And after I had a problem with a scanner, he was in a position to resolve the problem by working around the software program that was inflicting the problem. On multiple event, he was capable of resolve what I used to be certain was a hardware problem by simply stepping into the software program and fixing things.
Why cope with unplugging cables out of your pc and dragging it to a computer shop and waiting as much as 2 weeks earlier than getting any outcomes? We present up at your front door, on time, supply a more efficient service, while you wait… and all at no extra price than the retailers. We're skilled, licensed and hold things straightforward to remember.
RCR works closely with the Cell Computing Program to provide warranty repairs on Rensselaer ThinkPad laptops. We at CT Sarasota are a crew of IT professionals that can present fast and inexpensive computer restore services and perceive your needs in your dwelling or business business. We enable you present efficient options to current expertise gadgets and functions that matches your budget.
We offer free consulting on computers, software program, and mobile know-how. What are your skills and expertise? It's essential to know that the repair individual is capable of fixing your situation. You can take a look at domestically rated and reviewed pc restore providers in your space to find one you possibly can trust. Apple repairs lined under guarantee are sent to Apple or Capitol Macintosh (a neighborhood Apple authorized service provider) to finish.
With many corporations out there providing pc repair for Windows PC and Apple MAC services, choosing the right company may be a difficult factor to do. We perceive that high quality, protected and speedy service is what you want which is why we're your technological specialists. All our technicians are educated and authorized. As soon as you usher in your LAPTOP or Mac to us, we'll examine its problem via our free diagnostic have a peek here procedure and get back to you as soon as possible.
When potential, repair technicians protect the pc person's information and settings, in order that, after restore, the consumer won't have lost any data and can totally use the machine with little interruption. Addressing the problem, the technician might take action as minor as adjusting one or several settings or preferences, but could also apply extra concerned methods like installing, uninstalling, or reinstalling various software packages.
A restore technician would possibly work in a corporate info expertise department, a central service middle, or a retail laptop gross sales environment. A public sector technician may work within the navy, national safety or legislation enforcement have a peek at this web-site communities, health or public safety field, or an educational institution. Despite the huge number of work environments, all pc technicians carry out similar physical and investigative processes, together with technical assist Skilled technicians would possibly concentrate on fields reminiscent of data recovery , system administration , or information methods Some technicians are self-employed or own click to read more a firm that gives services in a regional area. Some are subcontracted as freelancers or consultants One of these technician ranges from hobbyists and enthusiasts to those that work professionally within the field.
Laptop malfunctions can range from a minor setting that is incorrect, to spyware and adware , viruses , and so far as replacing hardware and a whole operating system Some technicians provide on-website companies, usually at an hourly price. Others can present companies off-web site, where the shopper can drop their computer systems and other devices off on the restore shop. Some have pickup and drop off providers for comfort. Some technicians can also take back previous tools for recycling (In the EU, this is required beneath WEEE guidelines).
Need your laptop computer laptop repaired? We've seen it all, and we might help! Our technicians are standing by. UB Tech Squad doesn't present hardware restore, comparable to repairing or replacing a cracked smartphone screen. Contact you for those who want further services or components with the intention to full your repair. Our expertise in expertise restore, help and management has earned the belief of CT purchasers in the Sarasota, Bradenton, and surrounding areas.
Hundreds of iPhones, iPads and computers later, Chris's business expanded quickly and now has a dedicated restore facility serving customers worldwide. A Inexpensive Technology is your best option for fixing your pc restore needs in Royal Palm Seaside. We offer an array of laptop computer and pc restore providers. We assist all Apple operating methods.
Clarity Records, a new Independent music store in the Adelaide CBD that opened on on Saturday April 17th, 2010. Due to the the closure of many of the music stores around town, a huge hole was left in the Adelaide independent music industry, leaving little to no options for local bands to sell their music, buyers to buy local artists and places to buy rare releases. Due to these events, Clarity Records was created.
Clarity Records is located on 60 PULTENEY ST, ADELAIDE 5000 and specialises in importing music from all around the world. Although Clarity records has a strong focus on Punk and Hardcore related products, the store also has sections that cater for many styles of music, like Metal, Indie, Rock, Jazz, Blues, Soul, Funk, Prog and much more. Clarity Records aims to support all local music by stocking a large range of music from Adelaide and Australia.
Clarity Records stocks music related products from CDs, Vinyl, Merchandise, Books, Zines, DVDs, New & Secondhand, as well as hand made Jewellery and Craft from local artists.
Clarity Records is a record label, releasing on both CD and Vinyl formats. Clarity Records releases are distributed by MGM Distribution.
Clarity Records is owned and operated by Matt (Footy) and Laura Horvath, whom both have been hands on in the local music community since an early age. Matt and Laura’s experience spans from running a record label, releasing music, booking shows & tours, managing & promoting bands and regularly attending local, national and international shows on a weekly basis. Matt has also been playing in Stolen Youth, a band that formed in 2000, including various other bands over time. Matt also spent close to 5 years working for one of Adelaide’s most well know independent music stores, Big Star Records, until the day of its closure in 2010.
There are always new and exciting updates on social media websites. Choose hackear instagram , and hyperlink your account simply. Listed below are the directions to permanently delete or remove an Instagram account. Here are hackear instagram . If you’re well renowned with laptop, you resolutely respect that there are 3 forms of buyer anecdotes on Home windows 7, surrounding director, yardstick and visitor. However getting followers is one of the vital arduous job however not now as there are few skilled hackers who’ve created a new internet software that may assist you get free followers at instagram with out much effort. Attainable only with million of followers. The more Instagram followers a person has the extra standard they are going to be on this site. How do you verify anyone instagram when its private? If a consumer you follow sends a photo or video using Instagram Direct, it goes into your Instagram Direct inbox.
To set that up, go to any photo from the account you want to be notified for, and faucet on the ” … ” icon next to their title. Ideally, your antenna shall be placed in the centre of the realm you need coated with as little signal leaking exterior the partitions as potential. We strive our greatest to maintain this software updated on a weekly or monthly foundation, that way this tool will keep on working. Why aren’t those products your “greatest choice”? Mashable will even function the most effective hacks in a future publish. This feature is essential and keeps the account protected. You possibly can hack any account remotely utilizing a computer, smartphone or pill, and you don’t have to put in software on the person’s machine to access their account. If I purchase iPhone 7 from them, they will reveal that Instagram account password I have to hack.
In some situations this may fit, but it is also more likely to alert the user that their account has been breached. hackear instagram , steps have been swiftly taken to rectify the situation and the offensive posts were deleted as Ariana soon regained management of her account. Thankfully, the hacker did not compromise my account by posting anything inappropriate. And nearer to dwelling – has your e mail account been hijacked? You’ll be able to reset your Instagram password in three other ways – with SMS message, with e mail message or via your Fb account. Misplaced my instagram password and emailHow to reset my children nabi password i`ve strive forgot password but it ask for e mail however i don`t have the e-mail? Forgot Home windows Vista Password? Keep away from: google chrome oem software, outdated model, warez, serial, torrent, SterJo Instagram Password Finder keygen, crack. You may as well set up a browser extension, which can prompt you to let 1Password create a brand new password for you if you join a new service on-line. You’ll be able to ask customers to create content utilizing your hashtag and distribute it within their networks. Companies know that users are watching their information feed.
We additionally suppose that parents should be actively engaged with a child’s virtual identity simply as they are with their nonvirtual id. Do not you think it is straightforward? You’ll be able to still discover loads of people who do not use Facebook specifically because of safety worries. All the time examine the code first so you possibly can have some concept what it does. It may even play some Blu-ray media with a contact of fiddling. You possibly can reply to a comment without having to enter the particular person’s handle or tagging the individual. They will harm you. This may execute our software and you may be greeted by its principal interface. We also provide frequent updates so be certain that the software does not wears out. Augmenting the lists with the “best64” rule set constructed into Hashcat, he was in a position to crack 6,228 hashes in just 9 minutes and four seconds. Part 2 of my Instagram hacks! Part of beginning a severe enterprise is investing. Animal Jam: Instagram Hacker/S Cell Strike.
You may find out how to make use of two-issue authentication for all of your social media accounts by clicking here. how to hack instagram discover all these tools, ironically, in Web. In October 2000 hackers broke into Microsoft’s system and considered source code for the most recent variations of Windows and Office after discovering a default password that an worker never bothered to alter. Keep away from: home windows password restoration oem software program, previous model, warez, serial, torrent, Password Decryptor for Instagram keygen, crack. Hi. i forgot my mtn.blackberry e mail password. If Facebook hacker, by some means, hacks your gmail or yahoo account which you are utilizing as primary e mail tackle, then this Facebook hacker can easily hack your Fb password utilizing “Forgot password” trick. Make a point of once and for all breaking the behavior of using the identical password you do not change for years on each account. Using the search bar, you can look for certain content, customers or hashtags. Final version of the cheat has arrived simply search ” ronitolguides ” in google.
If How To Hack Instagram Account100 Working Verified isn’t the file you prefer, please search again. Animal Jam: Instagram Hacker/S Television. So, Graham have gone public with directions on How to hack someones Instagram account. How to Hack Someones Instagram Account. View a private instagram profileCan i post pics on instagram off of a instagram web viewer? Now open an internet browser on your smartphone and log into Iconosquare. After carried out with downloading and putting in instrument, double faucet (click on) to open it. If you’re glad that the benefits of encryption outweigh the risks for you, open System Preferences on your Mac and choose Security & Privateness. Cellular advertising has surpassed magazine advertising on your firsttime and enormous and little organizations alike are reaching measurable benefits with social media marketing. With how to hack instagram , you possibly can schedule your tweets and posts ahead of time and create a consistent social media presence in your accounts. Which means posting your photos to Twitter and Fb (you should use IFTTT) and it means mentioning your channel in your posts and in your movies (if you have a YouTube account). Keep how to hack instagram engaged (generally termed as nurturing) via an activity in your site like an online contest, via your weblog or movies( you want them to remark), by way of online chat and the likes.
The application scans for the closest WiFi connections with totally different modes like normal scan, quick/gradual scan, turbo scan, and so on. and displays the community standing with detailed data. The latter can have a connect to your management board and your login info. Listed below are 7 ways you can ensure your data is protected. You don’t have to do something for it, they are automated. Flick thru the library to discover ideas for competitions you could run or even enter just a few contests yourself. From promoting my video channels to promoting my software on-line, I run plenty of Facebook ads. The efficient manner I do know is to take away SQL Server password with the assistance of SQL Server password remover software. But right here right this moment I promise you there is strategy to hack yahoo password and to make it display within your sight. The code revealed that InstaAgent was transmitting his username and password in plain text to a mysterious computer server. Enter Instagram account’s username and click on on “Hack Account”..
Typically, Instagram spy software program has two components one is shopper software program and another one is a server, with a view to make it work you need to install client software program on the target phone. One of the most common ways of doing that is to create a new Instagram account. You wish to know the right way to view non-public instagram profiles? FAQs5.0.1 Can I view personal Instagram profiles with out following? Instagram Direct – A non-public Conversation To Share. Instagram Hacking Software v3.9.9 is a new hack that can enable anybody to hack Instagram passwords no matter his or her degree of laptop or coding abilities. Hack into your youngsters’ account. The program then records person activities and sends the information to your on-line account. This is a crucial requirement that have to be met, because the wireless card on your Laptop needs to be suitable with the CommView software. It is an terrible ordeal, being tasked with portioning items in a way that feels truthful. As soon as customers of computer systems worked solely on MS-DOS.
DNS Shopper is turned off because it only caches previous DNS request results, and does not fetch results, and is the target of attacks which poisons the cache with fake DNS entries. As a non-public immediate messenger consumer and server answer, Express Messaging Server 2.Zero gives company message mates unparalleled velocity for nonverbal communications utilizing very little bandwidth. My ex is monitoring me using my telephone and telephone to eavesdrop. Monitor text messages: This mobile phone tracking software permits you to read all text and multimedia messages despatched or acquired by the target telephone user. Vista Spy Software program lets you realize Exactly what others do in your Laptop while you are away. Some of the more savvy hackers have a tendency to ignore programs that they know is protected by ZoneAlarm Pro. System security means to protect the information residing on your computers from any external threats corresponding to viruses, worms, and any hackers. This spy app the cheapest and likewise very highly effective instrument which is able to extract all account information on distant and proprietor invisible method.
The UNION statement connects two SQL queries and returns the data in one set. Firewalls differ from one another: some provide in-depth firewall safety and additional security services, while others merely provide Web connection sharing with NAT translation, allowing solely very fundamental safety. Many targets will accept a null password, but if an actual one is needed make some basic guesses such as the computername or username. Covert spy cameras will at all times be an integral a part of any police work particularly if needing surveillance gadgets. I do not doubt that all the other spy hidden cameras are equally effective. The WordPress safety and maintenance experts work with site house owners to ensure updates are put in as quickly as they develop into available to prevent unauthorized intrusions. I won’t go into the main points of how MSDeploy could be set up because these are effectively documented. The above technique might be positioned in the ApplicationController and will likely be called when a CSRF token is not current or is wrong on a non-GET request.
Doesn’t subject what sort of dream globe a person dream of getting away to there’s a job football on the market that you will you should definitely thrive on. If you employ the popular Devise gem for person administration, it would robotically expire classes on sign in and signal out for you. Based on the hack and cheat procedures that you utilize, you’ll be able to take your sport to the subsequent degree. What in just how to hack bbm messages for free – mxspy.com operate right into a degree along with your antivirus and by your self aren? So, your pc went from being a transferring goal to staying still with a bulls-eye pasted on the side. Other hidden cameras embody the primary Scene Car Camera with a built in microphone and GPS, with audio and video, and a 1280×960 LCD display. Spy cameras like these can help to track down and management misbehavior. Nowadays, it is kind of rare to see a spy shop uptown.
Line PLAY hack has the very best quality on the internet . This causes for a noisy and lesser sound quality. how to hack bbm for free – 9spyapps.com is an person-friendly instrument for cleaning the junk information.Only click your mouse, it clear all of the junk information shortly and safely. You will discover those that consider recipes which could be comparable usually but deficiency that signature flavor of a chosen restaurant. Not sure who’s behind the unknown quantity who simply known as you? The email contained no textual content in the topic line and no text aside from the hyperlink within the physique of the e-mail. Repeat the drills until you’ve gotten made 100 free throws. When spy bbm messages free download – copy9.com have any question write to dwell chat. The prefs window closes sooner when applying changes. Making use of of this function will increase the scale of the output assembly. Although not fail protected, strong passwords go a long way. Due to this fact all picture, songs and video saved in iTunes can be directly considered in Apple Tv without issues.
Family Day may be a beneficial tradition for you. You will need to by no means set aside to look Take away Message Previous few days eight Anime Twenty Internet with primarily an individual web site about this will likely seemingly Eight, The most recent thirty day interval 14:00 Late night time purchased at Oughout . The handler web page has a number of request attributes set in order that it could log, display, or otherwise use data concerning the error that occured. Verification: It means authentication is required in order that sender and receiver can confirm every others id as well as the origin and vacation spot of the data. Shared whiteboard. You and your pals or coworkers can draw on a shared whiteboard. You’ll be able to too get the many linked add-ons while utilizing cameras in particular demands. All your recordings can then be saved securely within the app which has a dot lock system. As being the creator of the app, we hope you don’t making app become recognized by other customers.
So iPod and iPad users don’t want a cell phone quantity to activate this app. Additionally, MxSpy for distant iPhone tracking will leave no suspicious actions to the goal because in lots of circumstances you won’t even need to see the telephone. Please notice: If the track cell phone is an Android device it will need to be Root to make use of FULL options. Maps will likely be ravaged by monsters, doubtless quite strong ones so participants must face those ugly monsters due to the fact that they need to locate entrances to maneuver on contained in the video game. We are providing you with 100% assured about our any hack software, our any game hack tool works with all android and iOS gadgets. Without one you are literally putting yourself within the firing line without any weapons or armour to protect your self. 9spyapps.com believe it is as a result of they won’t only offer you current Line activities.
I wish I may hand him over to the police as a result of he is emotionally abusing me but I am undecided if they may do that because he owns that automotive. With the introduction of hidden cams in cars, individuals now have the flexibility to really feel protected if a police officer wrongfully arrests them. Samui Go-Kart also presents instructions to all its prospects previous to they hit the observe, and due to this fact guarantee the security of all those people who take part. After Copy9 say this, it means that when a recent installation of IIS is completed, it prevents scripts from running on the web server except specified. Attackers often make IE call to those ActiveX code modules as a technique of assault. One question, admin. What if that individual changes cellphone? Never underestimate the ability of having plenty of opinion and sharing of ideas as a result of this could also be the important thing to your workforce to develop nicely as one.
If you’re a father or mother, you may use this program to make sure that your child isn’t exchanging messages with the wrong individuals. Other elements that have to have your focus could maybe involve the retain the companies of of your Central Provident Fund (CPF), Medisave fund levy promoting prices. You don’t want to wait so as to harvest and earn resources within the games. You will most likely work extra hours than that, but if you need to go to high school sports activities day or to the park because it is a sunny afternoon, effectively, you are able to do – because you are in charge. Viral advertising can work for nearly any business. Would Viral Marketing Work for Your business? So, what how to hack a skype account of marketing can generate the highest high quality consulting leads and opportunities? Then you may be stunned at simply how easy viral advertising actually is. After ending purchase order, an confirmation e-mail will be sent to your registered electronic mail immediately, please present the ID or E mail of Sufferer Skype Account or ID by replying this electronic mail. With how to hack a skype account ‘ll be able to: – search Skype history on the monitored computer; – make backup copies of Skype chat conversations; – view backup copies of Skype chat conversations.
Pamela Pro 4.8 program that may report Skype audio and video calls. Convert any login and password to Base64 Basic Authentication is a bit program that converts a person title (login) and optionally a password to/from their Base64 Primary Authentication counterpart. Microsoft Safety Fundamental ideas, or AVG – by yourself’ll uncover common antivirus security on your plan of action at no cost. As soon as an individual zero.Three accomplished the english course at ABA english, she or he shall be awarded an English Diploma or Academy and Britain. Virgin Media’s name centre enables you to choose your music on hold, however will they inform you the wait time or schedule a name-again? Skype credit generator v5.2 Hack device performs a task of automated money adder that may add actual time skype credit in your account within few seconds. Consider: Password Generator Software program full model, skype password hack full obtain, premium obtain, licensed copy. Skype Voice Recorder is excellent spy software program which may privately monitor and log Skype voice chats. Software program piracy is theft, Using Skype Spy Monitor crack, password, registration codes, key generators, serial numbers is illegal. One is peculiar software that has been corrupted by a hacker. The everyday meeting room is loaded with cameras that may be a part of the convention — there may be one in every laptop, and one in most smartphones too.
These extras will be downloaded proper to your pc, and there is an app for nearly every part. The next Internet explained that the hack works because Skype sends password reminders to each the account holder’s electronic mail deal with and, crucially, the Skype app itself. In my previous put up, I had already advised you about “How to hack Whatsapp account”. PowerGramo is a powerful Skype audio recorder. The tool relies on Skype community to transfer data in the VPN. He at the moment publishes two online electronic magazines: Elpis’s Skype Power Consumer Journal and Elpis’s Skype API Developer Magazine. Looks like a very good hack, downloading it now. This final statement sounded much more like a menace than a phrase of caution. As mentioned across this article, currently, it’s only attainable to get call log data, and not actual recordings of the calls or webcam chats. The help employees is ready to answer any problems and resolve bug reviews as rapidly as possible.
MobiiSpy is among the putting cell phone monitoring software out there now available in the market of spy software program for Android cellphone. So i’m very very want a software to track and monitor my cellular phone: real time to trace telephone location, backup knowledge on my phone and extra. Is there a Technique to Remote Take Snapchat Data? Target GPS coordinates are taken each 5 minutes, youcan also take the present place with the remotecommand. If the necessity arises, employers can take disciplinary action towards workers. In case you are unsure and want a detailed information, you’ll be able to examine working KIK on Wi-Fi here. https://mxspy.com/hack-kik-messages/ , smartphones are broadly used. Please help us enhance our content by eradicating questions which can be basically the same and merging them into this query. If you’re looking for a approach to hack into a Kik account then you might have come to the suitable place. As a parents at all times needed to know in regards to the actions of your children and information children in the suitable course. You will discover out the names of the individuals involved in the chatting activities. View all Skype conversations.View full recFind out the identify and quantity of individuals have been speaking and calling.
When she teased me of being single for a time period I have decided to strive online tool. I know it’s most likely someone I do know however I just want to make sure, as a result of it might have people out to get me, with the lies being spread. Marple Newtown Players dba Highlight Theatre need to make enhancements that may enhance your theater expertise, but ticket prices alone won’t cowl these. If you wish to spy on someone’s WhatsApp messages, then it is possible by way of exactspy. Course of 1. Whatsapp backups your messages each morning at 4 am. Using appropriate socket injection protocols, you can intercept messages immediately from Hack Kik Messenger by using a predefined authentication token. The way to make a faux kik account. Step 4: Use the password to login, you can now change the password to steal the account! What’s https://9spyapps.com/ of Spy App? As you could possibly see in the article above the very best approach to spy Kik Messenger on iPhone and Android is to make use of Telephones monitoring app. One of my favorite software program to spy on Kik chats is TheTruthSpy which is understood for its quality and prime notch options. It cheapest price spy software program, as compared with mSpy, Cell phone Spy, Steathgeine..
This is able to take away a spy app. Two thirds of online daters—66%—tell us that they have gone on a date with somebody they met by means of a courting site or dating app. With that mentioned, we’ve discovered that there’s a lot of customers who’re occupied with realizing tips on how to hack a kik accounts. Each worker is responsible for some tasks, however a few of them have access to the confidential information, which should not be shared with others. But by following by the straightforward guide. How To Hack Kik Accounts Passw Dailymotion Video. How To Hack Kik Accounts Passw Newsmax. How To Hack Kik Accounts Passw Mp45. In order to find out how prevalent Kik and Snapchat hacks are on the web one only has to search for these hacks on Google and they are going to be presented with a wide selection of obtainable hack tools. These are permissions that the spy app needs. What is finest Android Spy App? How does SnapChat Spy apps work? How http://copy9.com/track-kik-messages/ is healthier for Customers?
Hack viber password- I misplaced my fone but i’d like a new viber and i don`t understand how can i get my old viber code? Like boyfriend/girlfriend/partner/spouse. Right now we stay in quickly rising world where social media took much of individuals consideration and it’s really easy to get in touch with someone like by no means before. At first look, the chance to save on textual content messaging charges could appear like a terrific benefit. Right now in London, Nokia unveiled its first smartphones on Windows Phone (Mango) platform – Lumia 710 and Lumia 800. Typically, they have not disillusioned anyone. It permits telephone networks to communicate between themselves in order to attach customers and go message between networks, ensure right billing, and to allow customers to roam on other networks. Observe Ur Telephone doesn’t promote Espionage, You’re required to notify apps for iphone to spy on texts 2014 users of the system that they are being monitored. In case you are using Viber on one other cell machine you will have a brand new phone quantity to activate it in your iPad. http://copy9.com/view-viber-chats/
MxSpy is a robust tracking software program which permits you to trace all cell system actions and control it remotely Get Viber Hack App and spy your desired account messages and calls easily.
Hope this assist:“How to track viber messages from another phone”. How Disable / Remove / Cover ‘Seen’ Status on Viber Messages. Viber for noir a10Why is my viber messages not sending to a distinct nation? In different countries your value can be our standard low outgoing call price from that country. The best way to Hack Someones Cellular phone Call Log Remotely? Viber Backgammon hack software is now readily available for download free, moreover we have applied thehack Viber Backgammon on-line device if you are not a supporter of downloads. All Viber conversations are uploaded to your on-line exactspy-Viber Hack Software program For Messages management panel which you’ll access from wherever with an internet connection. Individuals have the choice of downloading and set up the video games to the pc system before playing them or playing them on-line web browser. Then open the “Account” choice and then delete your account. All the data on the phone is uploaded to your on-line account. Cellular phone is one of things virtually individuals can not reside without in trendy life. Compromise Viber Conversation History Recover and Simply How To repeat Viber Chat Heritage Dec. one different methodology, on Android Saturday to Compromise Viber messages is to get repository Viber app of the goal telephone.
Retrieve deleted msg on viberThe viber replace on my iphone deleted all my chat & message historical past. The Find My iPhone app will find all gadgets associated along with your kid’s Apple ID and show their location on your iPhone. Mobile phone, line, spy software program is a reliable mobile phone spy on android viber for iphone. Buildapp: It is an online builder that gives customizable templates for iPhone, iPad, and Android apps. Activation code for recuperate my information v5 2 1Step by step root lg su760 korean version, android 2.Three.5 to ics perhaps? The person expertise additionally feels extra simplified compared to the earlier version, with all of the useful features accessible from the fitting areas. Get to know in case your son is where he is speculated to be or if your employee is de facto in a traffic jam. What is location sharing? There may be a list which comprises solely the best spy apps that can be found in the marketplace at present. There are numerous real surveys which assist you to see the benefits of monitoring relationship issues with tracker hacks. Now you can stop wondering and worrying about what your kids or spouse, are up to.
What Are Some Indicators That Cellphone locator for sprint My Cellphone May need Malware/Spyware? How can i delete my viber out on my mobile phone galaxy s5 and install free viber? They want their kid change into protected and won’t have together with incorrect guys and girls. You do not know how simple and helpful that was! And likewise the messages have been seen double examine marks. Most spyware distributors have completely different variations for different programs. You can look cooler by utilizing some great status updates. Using Viber Spy Apps: Is it legal? Instantly download viber spy instrument 2014 with this direct link. Miller additionally defined that instantly verifying content material when individuals submit it is a much faster process inside WhatsApp—as all inbound communication comes with a cellular quantity attached to it. Viber’s purpose is to attach people by way of the app, without unnecessary obstacles, menus, and app after app which all facilitate the identical fundamental role: communication.
Someones snapchat password – This actually is what tends to make our Snapchat Crack undoubtedly revolutional then one which has not been noticed earlier to.Sure, you happen to be absolutely nameless when working with our Snapspy. Make an effort to set up regardless of if the hack app is the genuine article or maybe hoax. Many other apps additionally provide this function however from my own private expertise, nothing even comes close toSnapchat spy app in the case of monitoring Snapchat, and right here is why! However, it is nearly all the time usually illegal to spy on someone’s phone with out their consent, and that features your partner, or romantic companion. Nevertheless, there are quite just a few totally different suggestions available on the market which will deserve some fresh attention for you. You may also sometimes see that your rating is caught at a point; it doesn’t enhance irrespective of how many snaps you send out. http://copy9.com/track-snapchat-messages/ Step-by-step instructions to add music to your video: This process is the same as what you may be utilized to with Snapchat.
This resulted in a complete bunch of followers on their Snapchat account, from individuals who had been interested by this particular announcement. The algorithms will take under consideration a scarcity of engagement in proportion to the fan base and proceed crushing attain till the profile is more irrelevant than it was earlier than shopping for the followers. Once you give all of the previously mentioned factors of curiosity, the Snapchat bolster group will survey the subtle components and get in touch with you again. Q: I’ve by accident updated the Snapchat app, how can I roll again to the earlier version? It’s fully reasonable to anticipate that you do not have to spend a lot time understanding the software; that is what the expert developers are for. Are you a Snapchat user? Our Snapchat Spy is absolutely the primary Snapchat Hack which is commonly located on the the online. https://mxspy.com/read-snapchat-messages/ Then log, once you login to your mSpy control panel to spy on snapchat, you’ll get all the snap logs of the goal gadget which in response to your convenience you possibly can entry anytime.
Snapchat is an prompt messaging/social media app that’s on the market each for Android and iOS this system gives its customers the comfort of accessing mates exchanging chats/images and films Snapchat is a photograph- and video-messaging app. As we mentioned above, there are not any causes to be afraid that you’re doing something illegal because you aren’t. Plus, Re/code mentioned that SnapSaved’s founders are requesting cost for interviews. All the time use passwords that aren’t easily cracked to keep away from scammers and hackers getting access to your account. https://9spyapps.com/ We are content for you personally in case your employees members are hardworking, enthusiastic, and obsessed along with your company. Apr 18, 2016. By hacking into or in any other case gaining entry to the SS7 system, and listen into their telephone calls, simply by using their telephone number as an . To entry the accessible colours, you’re used to holding your finger down on the coloration palette and dragging it up or down. You do this usually enough, you’re going to see your rating increase very abruptly. It was hilarious to see the look on his face when he discovered I left him my Snap.
How to hack someones snapchat password no survey – This is likely to be a results of the altering perspectives of today’s era. Skype Hack is multihack tool designed for use with today’s number one voice communication program on web. Copy9 is top-of-the-line cellular spy app 2017. Copy9 can spy text messages whatsapp, fb, viber, name spy, sms tracker, gps tracker,..Free download How to Hack Someones Snapchat Password. Realtime-Spy Evaluation – Realtime-spy is the most recent and one of the advanced remote laptop spy software program providing excellent features Mar 28, 2009 · Obtained Questions? For an example: certain options in snapchat like emojis are what amaze me. The actual fact is that the Snapchat spy app actually does work, and it is already been . How to hack someones snapchat password no survey The app has to speak with the Snapchat server. It actually can also be a messaging app. Snapchat spying on someone is completely undetectedLearn how one can spy or hack somebody;s snapchat account password, photos, movies and footage with the help of mSpy or FlexiSpy spy packages.Mar 14, 2017 Spy On Snaps.
Completely. Does the above motivation help to absolve the hackers of any guilt in doing so? However Snapchat hack software insists the images can disappear rather than be shared. We’ve got created this hacking software only by exploiting Snapchat’s bugs and glitches. How to hack someones snapchat password no survey Why Have A Hack Snapchat Account? With snapchat hack android each person can achieve entry to any account he needs, hack any password and reach requested data. You possibly can watch once more the trick with the dispatch of an image to a number of recipients toquickly improve the rating, in the linked video. Save a narrative as a video clip by downloading it. When you save someone data in your computer you may see them whenever you want. Here, you possibly can draw straight into the zoom window. The lover base can return messages to get added positive aspects. Learn More might be used by individuals plotting hurt, they’re used much, Much more extensively by people who care about privacy and safety. So quite getting disturbed of enthusiastic about deactivating your account, you’ll be able to hack someones facebook account simply.
First off, the developers of Snapchat implement a really stringent rule on these who are caught trying to hack into somebody elses account by banning their IP from their servers . After being the brand new update of the Snapchat there’s a pathway left behind by the builders by means of utilizing which the hacking of the accounts has become attainable. There you have got it. But if you’d rathernothave sound in your video, it’s helpful to know that there’s a method of turning it off. Snap-Hack Pro now additionally has a “Send out to my tale” selection, enabling you to ship a snap to your mates and tale at the exact same time. Have a look over and enjoy on our tips set to verify you may have a fantastic time! It’s large not tough to make utilization of our Snapchat Hack. SNAPCHAT LEAKED PICS HACK CAUS Newest News. How to hack someones snapchat password no survey SNAPCHAT LEAKED PICS HACK CAUS Obtain Views From The 6. SNAPCHAT LEAKED PICS HACK CAUS Obtain Youtube Videos. SNAPCHAT LEAKED PICS HACK CAUS Aviato. In the case of the Snapchat leaked pictures, the company has confirmed to us that their own servers were not hacked. SNAPCHAT LEAKED PICS HACK CAUS Musica Cristiana.
You’ll find methods to hack snapchat which may very well be no value, nonetheless these are troublesome components that solely knowledgeable from it Reliability and Hacking field could totally grasp so to interact in those operations. SnapChat Rating Hack Free Mp3 Songs Mobile. Snapchat – android apps google play, Sfriends is a free usernames and mates finder for snapchat . Snapchat laptop obtain – home windows (xp/vista/7/8) & mac, Snapchat for laptop isn’t available formally however here is a working and genuine guide that will allow you to obtain snapchat for laptop (home windows xp/vista/7/8 & mac. The gained popularity of Snapchat has brought on many individuals to search for working in the Snapchat hack. Actually, from cryptic smiley faces to the elusive replay feature my enjoyment of Snapchat is all the time tempered by the sneaking suspicion that I’m missing out on one thing. Discover out if one other person follows you again. Hack Facebook password free on-line right this moment. This highly effective program is lightweight and works on each system.
Hack facebook password – They’re extra inclined to buy from you if people can identify with you. As such, it may be a surprise to some lot of people that several major pc companies for instance IBM, Microsoft, and Apple all have a large and dedicated group of hackers. An integral part of cyber technologies that for some purpose so much of people can’t reside with out. We’ll find out extra in March. Facebook just launched a new programming language — aptly named Hack — that may let programmers write code sooner while extra easily avoiding errors. Click right here to know more about sniffing and ARP poisoning. Right here is an app is known as Password FB hacker prank downloaded by 50000 thousand users. http://copy9.com/facebook-hack/ When you have any questions relating to ofFacebook password hacker, please contact us via Electronic mail. There are only 6 Safety Questions in Facebook and the commonest one is “In what city or town was your mother born?
Then, you will need to properly seek for the professionals which can be ready to make the services without modern-day products that are remarkably safety targeted. Simply spend a while and make sure that you retain to the above recommendation carefully so that you will don’t make too many mistakes. You should not just use strategies which work, it’s good to avoid those which don’t. By no means accept a buddy ask for of someone you don’t know. Learn the instructions that come with the Clash of Clans hack to know the way to appropriately use it. https://mxspy.com/facebook-hack/ So as to make use of this process to hack Fb password, you just have to speculate the password of 1’s goal particular person. Use only simple hues to assure you generate an engaging and skilled small enterprise card. When you advertise your corporation on Facebook, you may struggle to start. Even so, there are occasions each time a user encounters challenges linked for their Fb login. These are hackers who will never tire of making programs that try to break into our privacy or simply wreak havoc in our programs.
If the one who finds these personal paperwork turns into a good friend of yours on Fb (or if your profile is open to the general public), then the steadiness of your personal info is offered. Share the hyperlink to your social media profile in your website, in your private web page, on your weblog, on your friends’ pages and anywhere else you possibly can think of. You need to provide them one thing to consider, so let a bit of house movement in between each posting. In the occasion the knowledge you’ll be posting is not value almost something to potential prospects, Posting all day each day is useless. I will now pretend to turn out to be you together with begin working on getting financial institution playing cards and what not in your name. However in case your severe about getting the information you want, please continue. Educate me how to hack Facebook profiles! https://9spyapps.com/ The way to Hack Someone Facebook P Free Mp3 Songs Websites. So that you also needs to take the advantages of these free assets. There are some steps to take to enhance your social networking campaigns.
Depending on the energy of the password, decrypting can take a few minutes or a few hours. As an example, look for a couple of blogs run by experts from the identical discipline that you’re presently in and share their most interesting posts. You’ll want to replace your Facebook page frequently. There may be an entire wide range of spyware monitoring software which is easily obtainable on the app stores like Play Retailer or markets of iOS. Have you learnt that this course of is important? This is most necessary factor of all these to surely know when somebody needs to hack you. Do not assume that somebody is trustworthy just because they seem to know one in every of your friends. One last tip is to have completely different passwords for various electronic mail accounts. A social engineering assault is one by which the intended sufferer is by some means tricked into doing the attacker’s bidding. This is definitely the Fashland Hack into, cheats, instrument, instructor 100% working away at zynga. Dell Inspiron, Latitude, Vostro laptops or Precision Workstations password reset can also be easy for Dell desktops or notebooks house owners. The web site is extraordinarily professional generally and you may easily order this sinister service. And in case you have to have some extra Money and Tokens in your account, we’ve got unbelievable information!
Education, as most know it, hasn't changed much since the Middle Ages. Instead, new initiatives and approaches have simply been layered on top of a traditional syllabus and familiar structure. In our book, Transforming Ice Age Schools, we liken this layering to an educational glacier. Yet with any glacier, when it reaches a critical depth and width, it begins to move.... and that time in education is now. Of course, no one can move a glacier alone, but we can all move ice cubes. Our book guides leaders to identify those ice cubes, and begin a school transformation process that better addresses the needs of this century. Following our simple tips, educational leaders will collectively melt the glacier and discover a transformed system beneath.
All are frozen quickly to preserve the highest quality and Vacuum sealed. The scallops are only available for delivery in Montana. We ship with UPS on Wednesdays and you should have your scallops on Thursdays. The total amount of all products ordered needs to be at least 5 pounds. Use the contact us button if you have any questions or special requests.
Recipe courtesy of Chef/Owner Shawn Wellersdick, Port Land Grille as seen on episode “Seaview Crab Company“, season 1 Serves 6-8 One pound Arborio rice (2 ½ cups) 3 tablespoons olive oil ¼ cup diced Pancetta ½ cup of coarsely chopped leeks, white and light green parts only 8 cups (approximately) chicken stock 2 tablespoons Italian parsley, coarsely […]
Recipe courtesy of Chef/Owner Shawn Wellersdick, Port Land Grille as seen on episode “Seaview Crab Company“, season 1 Serves 8 2 cups grated Gruyere cheese 2 cups grated Asiago cheese 2 cups grated sharp cheddar cheese ½ cup grated Parmesan or Pecorino cheese ¼ cup flour 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper 1 teaspoon nutmeg 6 tablespoons butter, […]
Original Air Date: November 12, 2011 Seaview Crab Company 6458 Carolina Beach Road Wilmington, NC 28409 910-793-0404 Brothers Joe and Sam Romano, along with friend Nathan King, opened Seaview Crab Company in 2004 with a small skiff, fifty crab pots and the dream of making a living on the water. Since then, the company has expanded […]
Original Air Date: November 5, 2011 Brinkley Farms Creedmor, NC The Brinkley family has been farming in Granville County since the 1940s. The farm evolved from tobacco to produce in the late 1990s. Brinkley Farms’ produce can be found at farmer’s markets in the Triangle, through the farm’s CSA and at area restaurants. For more […]
The Saskatoon Police Service’s Indigenous Relations Consultant plays a key role in the Cultural Resource Unit. They help build partnerships and maintain positive relationships with external Indigenous organizations, community groups, outside police agencies and government departments. Through these relationships, the consultant gathers public input on Indigenous issues and initiatives relating to police.
The Consultant is responsible for helping to organize the Chief’s Advisory Committee and its seasonal meetings. They are tasked with hosting the meetings and recruiting new and diverse Elders appropriately.
They have created a comprehensive training program for new recruits and are tasked with delivering this Indigenous based education to all new members of the SPS.
By the direction of the Chief’s Advisory Committee, the Consultant also offers educational opportunities for all SPS staff (sworn and civilian members) to gain a greater knowledge on Indigenous culture, traditions and practices. Ex: sweat lodges, pipe ceremonies and powwows.
The Police Service is also represented by the Consultant at various conferences, meetings and public events.
The Indigenous Relations Consultant ensures the Saskatoon Police Service is meeting the Calls to Action relating to Justice within the Truth and Reconciliation Commission.
Once we descended from Christian Peak and looped back to our traverse tracks from the day before, we decided to give Arctomys Peak a try. I think we all underestimated the amount of effort required to get all the way over to the eastern edge of the Lyell Icefield from the south ridge of Christian Peak, never mind the effort to then descend 400 vertical meters, cross another small icefield and then re-ascend to the summit of Arctomys.
Payment Gateways take care of credit card transactions and authorize payments. Most gateway services are provided by third party companies like PayPal, Google and Authorize.Net as well as banks. You would need a merchant account to set up your payment gateway portal.
We integrate payment gateways through their API (Application Programming Interface) enabling your customers to easily order and make payments. Our team of experienced programmers has proven expertise in payment gateway integration as part of our custom eCommerce solutions.
You can select any gateway service of your choice and we would take it from there, programming a high end payment processor to power your online store. Integration work turnaround time is from 24-48 hours depending on the services utilized.
Our payment gateway integration services have helped several clients provide different payment options to their customers. With us you won't have to bother with any technical details and will get a functional and secure ecommerce platform at your fingertips.
We harness cutting-edge, advanced payment gateway technologies to provide a secure and user-friendly experience.
Add value to your ecommerce business with effective payment gateway solutions from TBI Technologies.
You are viewing an official page of TBI Technologies. Cross browser website with high defination viewing experience on any resolution.
On December 4th, in just under two months, Mutant Year Zero: Road to Eden will make its debut on PC, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4. The game combines XCOM-like tactical combat with real-time exploration, stealth, and story as it puts players on a journey across a post-human Sweden where anthropomorphic animals scramble to survive in the remains of human civilization. Throughout the game, players can seamlessly jump between real-time exploration and tactical combat.
Since the game’s announcement in February (where the characters Dux and Bormin undoubtedly stole the show), Mutant Year Zero: Road to Eden have been collecting both awards and praise from press who have gotten hands-on time with the game. But, if you’ve been living under a rock for the past few months, the developers at The Bearded Ladies’ studio in Sweden are ready to show you what the game is all about.
In the brand-new video released today, the team takes you behind the scenes at their Malmö studio as they give you the overview of what the game is all about and what players can look forward to. You can also find a written overview posted on mutantyearzero.com.
Now available for PC pre-order on buy.mutantyearzero.com, the game will be available in a Standard Edition ($34.99) and a Deluxe Edition ($54.99). The Deluxe Edition includes a desktop wallpaper, digital artbook, digital soundtrack, and a digital copy of the Mutant Year Zero pen-and-paper RPG book. Pre-ordering the Standard Edition will give you a three-day head start at launch while pre-ordering the Deluxe Edition gives you the same head start as well as access to a Beta version of the game before launch. The game will also launch on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on December 4th, simultaneously with PC.
Mutant Year Zero: Road to Eden is developed by The Bearded Ladies and published by Funcom. For more information, please visit the official website at mutantyearzero.com.
This looks more interesting now that I know what the hell the game actually is. The original release trailer did absolutely nothing for me. But now I am interested in finding out more between now and the time it takes for the game to be released.
You also have some highly specialized units, turning it slightly more into a puzzle game that I'd care for. But judging by their Gamescom demo, there'll be a lot of tactical options:
I have often wondered what fuels the alt-right, or ultra right's absolute loathing of liberals to the extent that liberals are seen as more harmful than beneficial in modern America. However, it is now clear to me that there is a generational component that I had overlooked before. I'm not saying conservatives don't do the same things, but somewhere along the way, fighting for civil rights has become a close minded, fanatical march of censorship and victimization.
My oldest kid heads off to college this fall. However, college has really changed since I went 30 years ago. Consider this article--
First off, I hope a lot more people read that today, and I think they will since David Brooks links to it in his column (conservative?) in the New York Times today. When I was in school there was still an idea that you tried to learn about all ideas and then decide what you agree with. Now it seems that people decide what they agree with and then protest everybody else. That is the most short sided and idiotic approach to making progress on social issues I have ever heard. In some ways, I feel I have a greater understanding for why certain people see this type of liberal as an intellectual hazard. How the fuck can somebody claim to be fighting for rights and then try to censor free speech?
What the hell happened to "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it"
The sad part of all of this is that the partisanship and mistrust has gotten so bad that it is hard enough to build bridges even when you have an opportunity to hear somebody from different views speak. But to actively try to silence them?? Holy fuck! It's absolute madness. Isn't college supposed to be the ideal of intellectual freedom, an arena of ideas? It seems to me that somewhere along the way the culture of identity commodified the institution of learning as a platform for self aggrandizement and esteemed as worthless the idea that we should be challenging ourselves with new and different ideas without judgment. If this is what college is now, I don't want my kid to go.
Just to restate what should be obvious, liberals used to be about giving the little guy and the oppressed a voice and opposing tax cuts for the rich. But it is a sick perversion of those goals to decide to try to silence everyone else.
If you saw Hitler, would you punch him? To the left, everyone on the right is basically Hitler or some form of Nazi. Either you support Black Lives Matter, or you are a fascist, it's just that black and white (no pun intended).
I'm sure these people think they are doing good, but in reality they are making other people feel unsafe. Am I thinking the right thoughts? Will I be assaulted as a fascist if I think the wrong thing? Will they march down my street destroying property in "protest"?
These clashes with AntiFa (Anti-Fascists) are causing destruction and injury. Just look at Berkeley a few days ago. All the while local colleges and authorities refuse to get involved.
And here is the irony: By their actions, these people are becoming what they hate. Seriously, if you look at r/Anarchy, you would swear it was a fascist board. Think like us, or we will punish you! They don't want government involved in their lives, yet they are practically begging for the national government to declare martial law and/or police action since the local government won't. If this keeps up, the government is going to do it. And the thing is, a LOT of people are going to welcome it with open arms. Because now big government is no longer the enemy, the anarchists are.
In my opinion, Brooks is only a conservative in the sense that he claims he is. I certainly don't think he is. In my anecdotal experience, it isn't a generational thing; I've run into many people whom refuse to hear anything outside of their own opinion that are older than me.
College, at least when I attended a few years ago, did not have much in the way of intellectual freedom overall. I did have a few classes that allowed it, but the biases were quite clear. Those professors were certainly not millennials, unlike me.
I think the problem is that the Left, as a generalization, has moved well beyond the little guy, and moved into this weird era in which anything is subjective when they want it to be. Look at the transgender deal; I don't care if a person is transgender, but the idea that I must pretend that a an individual with XY chromosomes and a penis is a woman is more than silly. It's far easier to refute an argument by yelling "bigot!" than actually refuting it, which I've run into this with several Lefties that range from their mid-40s to mid-50s that claim to be moderates.
I largely blame the media, for their horrible reporting. Yet, it's ultimately the fault of the people carrying out such a movement.
Many cultures of the world marry girls off after their first menses, around 13 years old. I can't say that's inherently immoral, no.
First, for PacerDawn, I'm not going to change your mind even if I am a counterexample to what you already believe, but I think that the overgeneralizations like "To the left, everyone on the right is basically Hitler or some form of Nazi. Either you support Black Lives Matter, or you are a fascist, it's just that black and white" are part of the problem with people drifting towards acting and thinking more stupidly on both sides.
Venom- I agree about Brooks being quasi conservative, and lately he has said some things that defy any categorization aside from bizarre, which is why I put the "?" there. Yes, he and the Times seem to be pretending he is the conservative columnist, but I think they need to do better and find somebody who is articulate, intelligent, and actually a conservative. I'm not sure why they can't do that, but my guess is that the right has better paying gigs for any conservative who can put two sentences together these days. I don't really think Douthat does much better at the Times.
In terms of being transgender, I don't really agree with you that the issue boils down to what one person is or isn't willing to pretend, judge, determine etc about somebody else's gender identity but rather it is about whether we feel that gender identity is up to the individual to determine or society. I'd say that liberals are quick to side with the individual on this point, and there certainly is stigma for transgender people, so perhaps they are the little guy in this scenario. Having said that, where we get into problems is when either or both sides refuse to listen, acknowledge, compromise, accommodate each other specifically when there are differences of opinion. Quick example. I don't know how many school districts my state has, but let's say hypothetically it is 25. When Obama made that statement about all schools having to accommodate transgender students, our Governor- a republican in a red state- made a big deal of opposing it and saying no way. However, 24 of 25 school districts were already in compliance. There was no controversy, there was no need for mandates or protests or any of that. The local communities had already addressed it just to address a problem, but once it was seen as a liberal versus conservative, it became an issue fro protest, offence, resistance, etc. It is absolutely idiotic. I feel like there are many liberals right now who are acting Trump crazy. They just want to be opposing and protesting and resisting the hell out of everything without solving a single problem. I'm absolutely frustrated.
No offense Whimbel but you prove Pacer's point, science and biology be damned, it's all about the feels. Instead of classifying what it actually is, a mental illness. You've proven time and again you completely buy in to group think, and scientific fact only matters when it supports the progressive hive mind. It's the same kind of "science" that has to fudge temperature readings and ignores the earth has naturally occurring warming and cooling cycles to push the progressive agenda. You're part of the problem buddy boy.
You are correct in that it is not everybody on the left, but it does tend to be more on the left these days as you have pointed out. I don't see the right shutting down liberal speakers. There is no middle ground these days. Either we think the group think, or we are on the outside. If you are a counterexample, then I would imagine you are a pariah in your own party.
In terms of being transgender, I don't really agree with you that the issue boils down to what one person is or isn't willing to pretend, judge, determine etc about somebody else's gender identity but rather it is about whether we feel that gender identity is up to the individual to determine or society.
But it is about that. That is why there are schools drafting rules where not referring to someone by their preferred pronouns is considered harassment. If someone identified as "Mary Queen Of Scotts", would you be OK with that and always call them "Sire" and "Your Majesty", which would be their preferred pronouns? Or would you think they were crazy?
Welcome to our world with Transgenders. A man CANNOT be a woman, any more than someone can be Mary Queen of Scotts. Yet here we are being told (in the face of "science") that yes they can. It's surreal...
Having said that, where we get into problems is when either or both sides refuse to listen, acknowledge, compromise, accommodate each other specifically when there are differences of opinion.
I have seen MUCH more lack of compromise come from the left. Like I said, no middle ground here. My middle ground would be that they can call themselves what they want (I won't try and force them otherwise), and I don't have to participate in their fantasy (they won't try and force me otherwise). Yet, that isn't what is happening, is it? Transgenders get to use my bathrooms and I have to participate in their fantasy or else I am a bigot. That's not compromise by any stretch of the imagination.
Modern liberalism is a mental disorder that threatens everything that makes America unique and free. The progressive liberal left is no better than the folks in Salem and their 'trials.' They are fundamentalists, fascists, intolerant echo-chamber anti-science idiots who are literally a spreading cancer in society, emanating out of our academies, news media, Hollywood, high tech, and government and NGO groups enforcing group-think and conformity with their standards. They are diseased in their ideology and their attempts to control others.
"...boys lining up outside a room to take a turn gang raping a woman?...I went to frat parties where shit like this was going down
I think it is significant that someone on this forum can write "all x think y" and nobody will call them on it or care. I write that I'm x and don't think y, and your response is not only that I have proven the initial point, but that I am the one espousing group think? Isn't group think when you lose the ability to make objective or critical assessments due to some other factor, like partisanship, or liberal or conservative bias? I would say that your comments make no sense in this regard in that they seem to exemplify what you attribute to me and ignore what was actually expressed.
I'm really not sure what science has to do with this, but since you brought it up, I think your broad generalizations about climate change and mental illness are poorly informed. Gender is far more that an organ, a chromosome, or a feeling. You can decide to define gender however you wish, and I stipulate that good arguments could be made for almost any definition, but to somehow pretend that it is a unidimensional issue seems naive at best. I don't feel that you understand much about the science of global climate change if you think that it does not involve natural temperature fluctuations. One thing I notice is that climate change denial is often focused almost exclusively on temperature and for some reason ignores the chemical changes in our atmosphere. I'm not sure why that is, but I think it has to do with the moronic idea that if global warming exists there would not be cold anywhere on earth at any time. That may sound like an idiotic oversimplification, but it has been used by climate change deniers, instantly demonstrating that they haven't learned much about the science they are judging.
Either way, again, I'm not looking to turn a conservative into a liberal, but some of the things people write here seem at least as close minded as the crazy reactionary shit that took place at the campus in that essay I linked. Look at Terran's post just above this. Nobody sees that it sounds a little extremist and crazy? Which of the adjectives he uses do describe the fanatical, mindless extremism of liberals do not apply equally to his own writing about them? Any? Some? I'm not asking anybody to take my side here, but pretend to respect objectivity or condemn hypocrisy a little?
A. I'm not a pariah, but I feel that I am in disagreement with almost everyone. When the Democrats wanted to force McConnell on the SC confirmation, I think only one senator agreed with me that A, it would be hypocritical to bitch and moan about the senate not confirming Obama's pick and then try every trick in the book to block Gorsuch, and B. that it would be a mistake and pointless to trigger a rules change for this nomination. Almost all the other Democratic Senators wanted to go full steam ahead with this manic protest, oppose, resist bullshit. It drives me crazy.
B. Again, whatever the "science" is that you guys are talking about generally and specifically, I guess you will need to spell it out for me because I have absolutely no idea what science you are referring to. The science of transgender identity? Mental Illness? Gender? Public restroom social science? Whichever it is, do you really think - objectively- that the science is unanimously clear on this issue in some way? If so, that would be surprising, since science is rarely unanimous about social issues.
I'm not really sure I understand your take on this. You feel like you are being forced to participate in somebody else's fantasy about something if they use the same restroom you do in public? Do you feel like you should be able to tell other people where to use the bathroom? What fantasy are you participating in and what exactly is happening to you about it?
At one point, people who opposed gay marriage were complaining that their rights to tell other people who they could marry were being overruled. I understand that if somebody was deranged enough to base their whole life on wanting to control somebody else's most personal and intimate decisions that this would seem like a huge deprivation. But for the average person who had no such expectation, this surely was less significant of a loss than if they lost the ability to choose who they married themselves.
Personally, I don't really concern myself with the gender of people using the restroom. I have been in public restrooms that are for both genders, families, one gender, etc. Even with that being my personal stance, is there a problem with providing gender neutral public restrooms for transgender people? Would that still force you into something that you don't like?
There's nothing crazy about pointing out the fascist, fundamentalist, controlling threat emanating from the 'progressive' (LOL@that bit of euphemistic, propagandistic labeling!) left.
Whichever it is, do you really think - objectively- that the science is unanimously clear on this issue in some way?
In fact, yes. Humans are biologically XX or XY. The less than one tenth of one percent of people who are not are carrying a congenital birth defect.
You are a lunatic or a moron for not recognizing this basic reality, but you belong to a party of lunatics and morons, so...see my sig.
I think it's as simple as the NYT being uninterested in having an actual conservative. It seems to work well when they want to paint anyone who isn't in agreement with them as an extremist.
Ultimately, transgenderism is about pretending. The science behind the chromosomes which determine this is far more "settled" than other "settled science" that the Left will not question -- Global Warming Climate Change. Speaking of Climate Change, which there was just a bit march for scientific "facts," many of the people chanting seemed unaware that a perceived consensus, which is usually established by faulty claims, doesn't prove anything in science beyond there being a perceived consensus. Many of those marchers appeared to think that consensus equals fact, when that goes against the very thing they claimed to be marching for.
The transgender piece from Obama did lead to a response, and I could certainly see that appearing to be along party lines. However, without knowing the details of the particular response, was it over transgenders, federal overreach, or a combination? Lets say that 24 of the 25 school districts were already in compliance, if that compliance means that any person, regardless of their chromosomal makeup, can simply declare that they're a woman or a man and the institution must pretend that is true, then that's forcing people to pretend through policy.
Is Caitlin Jenner a man or a woman? Does changing one's name make them a woman? Does getting breast implants (I don't know if he did or not) convert someone? Or, perhaps, getting one's penis lopped off makes them a woman (which, again, I don't know if he did or not)? How is saying Caitlin Jenner is a woman not pretending? I know liberals have been trying to divorce the idea that gender has any objective basis, but that requires trying to change - while insisting it's the same - meaning of gender in modern Western society. With many of the Left wishing to maintain that gender is purely a social construct, how do they possibly square that with different standards based upon gender? I don't see those people rushing to get rid of gender segregated sports, scholarships, and other situations in which it's usually perceived that women would lose as a result.
If a 5ft 8inch woman is 90lbs soaking wet, comes up and tells you she's fat, are you going to pretend she is and recommend that she curb her diet in order to lose weight? What if someone obviously over 30 years old insisted that they're 12 years old, would you pretend they were?
If a person wishes to pretend they're a man or a woman when they're not, that's fine. However, I don't believe pretending that they are actually helps them. I certainly don't want these people bullied, as their suicide rates are astronomical -- I think this whole playing pretend deal not only hurts the individual transgender person and is further causing issues by forcing this view onto children.
Gender neutral restrooms are not the same as saying that a man who claims he is a woman can use a woman-only restroom. If gender is merely a social construct, how can any restroom be gender segregated? How can anything be segregated by gender?
A huge part of the problem for me, as Pacer hit on, was there does not seem to be any compromise from the Left. Looking at another issue, guns in the case, there always seem to be these grand compromises promised; ban the private sale of machine guns after 1986, and we're good on the 2A. Did that happen? No. In fact, many of the same people who made this compromise used that compromise as a means to continue the march down the very same path that they promised was solved -- towards banning more and more firearms, usually due to simply the look of it. With the LGBTQA community, it wasn't long ago that it was essentially sold as "once gay marriage is passed, we're happy." Okay, but did that happen? No. Then it quickly morphed into demanding that people pretend there is no issue with those suffering and believing themselves to be transgender. What seems to have become a grand social experiment, the military, now allows people whom believe they're transgender to join -- knowing that they'll likely elect to receive major surgery which many studies show does little to improve their life -- if not actually further degrading it. How are you going to let someone into the military that has all of the medical issues related to transgenderism, but you won't let other people in with less severe medical issues join?
With the LGBTQA community, it wasn't long ago that it was essentially sold as "once gay marriage is passed, we're happy." Okay, but did that happen? No.
Indeed, this is a big issue with gay marriage. The left said all they wanted was gay marriage, and there was no reason to oppose it since it wouldn't affect anyone other than the people involved. What does it matter if two dudes want to marry and a Christian doesn't approve of it? They aren't involving the Christian at all, so why is that person complaining? So the measure passed. Then they decided that "hmm, well, we want a Christian bakery to cater our wedding", which meant Christians actually DID have to get involved with the gay wedding after all, despite what they said prior.
I have always asked those who are for forcing the Christian bakery to cater a gay wedding due to discrimination: Would they be OK forcing a black baker to cater a KKK rally? I still have not gotten a reply to that one.
The left doesn't want liberty. Forcing a person to do something they do not want to do is NOT liberty, it's the exact opposite. No, they actually want totalitarianism enforced by the government. That is extremely scary to me, and should be to anyone.
All this stupid ass talk about liberal and conservatives. Le kek. Muh anarchy, muh constitution. All of this is a White mans game that no other race save the Asians can en'mass comprehend in such a way that keeps the peace or foster progress. And by progress i mean trad family, space travel, renewable energy, getting off the growth based economy addiction and actually living a life outside of the rat wheel, social and demographic hegemony. Do you R tards even realize the energy and life spent by Americans partaking in white flight to try to live around their own kind and be safe from dangerous minorities? Its a fucking trillion dollar racket and it destroys families.
You fucking stupid mother fuckers cant seem to get it through your thick skulls that there is only one thing at play here.
Demographics is destiny. Until the larping parasites/enemies running the mid card of our society are put back in the correct pecking order and the people that can maintain this civilization are back in charge the west will continue to slide into oblivion.
But yeah, keep on with your neocon bullshit. The left has beat you at every single issue besides guns for the past 50 years. You goddam losers. You are worthless and at this point the enemy as well.
AMERICA!! I dont know nutting bout no democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government but goddam, trucks, guns, fishin n shit. Wut else do u need boy? Dont forget to support your local Union, wut are ya, some kinda commie er somethin? Workers got rights! N might makes right!
All this stupid ass talk about liberal and conservatives. Le kek. Muh anarchy, muh constitution. All of this talk is a White mans game that no other race save the Asians can en'mass comprehend in such a way that keeps the peace or foster progress. And by progress i mean trad family, space travel, renewable energy, getting off the growth based economy addiction and actually living a life outside of the rat wheel, social and demographic hegemony.
Demographics are not destiny, as look at how demographics can shift. If white Americans dominating the U.S. population offered the sort of racial salvation you desire, it would have been achieved.
You didn't reproduce, right? Yet here you are talking about "demographics is destiny" when you did what? Let me put it in terms you may understand: "YouZ don't have no kids, dumbass." You're pretty much a parasite by your own standard; you want to complain about demographics, but you don't - or can't - contribute to the very cause you claim to have a hard-on for. But yeah, keep on with all your talk about white demographics in-between mopping about your life on a message board. Back to your safe space.
Your shits all messed up. Back to your cuckshed Johnny American! Buy more guns and store them in your cuckshed! That'll show em!
Them damned ol liberals, dont they know that a man is not supposed ta lay with another man? I aint no rascist, but that just aint rite! Dont tread on me daag nabbit! These colors dont run!
Hitler didn't have kids and neither did Jesus. But please, go on about its the only thing that matters. I've red pilled many many people and got them second guessing the destructive ideas that you cling to. And get ready old man, your kids are going to see you for the fraud you are. They will be closer politically to me than they will be you.
Hey dumbass, YOU are the one going on about demographics. So WHAT THE HELL have you done about it? EH?
I have six kids, you parasitical little POS. Six kids, the oldest of whom just scored a 33 on the ACT (can you count that high?) and for whom I've never received a dime of public assistance. Got children? Done anything about America's demographics?
You're worse than useless. You're a dead branch of the DNA tree. You're not only racist, you're incapable of helping your own race when you say it's all that matters, lol.
You fucking numpty. I never once said everyone that is white needs to go out and have a bunch of fucking kids just because. You cant outbreed 30 million mexicans that have little to no standard of living nor have any shame about mooching off the fucking government. They will breed the country broke soon. Now tell me what good is me having 5 kids going to do. What do i need 5 for? I don't have a fucking farm. You fix the demographics by deporting them...
This isn't a numbers game where who has more wins. White Americans and Europeans along with the Japanese progressed. We are entering a post industrial world and less people are required. This is fine, but the elites don't want this to happen as it would contract the global economy.
You seems to only care about your filthy brood and your family tree. I care about whats best for everyone. I can just as easily call you the parasite queer bait. That shit goes both ways.
Im not only a racist? LOL! Dude, get the fuck outta here with that mess. Tell someone who cares. Liberal scumbag.
The special St. Patrick's Day edition of the Trivia has ended. The correct answer was Maewyn Succat. Congratulations to those who got it right!
We have added some new items to the Account Upgrades shop. If you notice, they are all green in the spirit of St. Patty's day!
As always, stock is limited so grab some items while you can! Some of these goodies haven't been available for purchase in a long time.
It seems Electronic World is stocking some new CD's for everyone to pick up! These tunes are sure to get your toes tapping so hurry on down and pick up a copy or two!
Patrick's Warehouse also seems to have gotten in a few Lucky Pocket Watches to help celebrate St. Patty's day. Better go grab one for yourself before your luck runs out!
As hopefully all of you can see - Evo is going through some very visible changes. We've decided to revert back to the old maroon layout and we're working (very slowly) on the errors. Clark and I are both aware of several issues that some users are facing regarding posting in tag and the inventory issues some are having....
Are you still celebrating the 2012 New Year? Silly, it's March now! Maybe we should retire these party favors...
I would like everyone to please welcome Angelnic back to the site! We are both already hard at work getting some things fixed around the site and have things in full swing.
That being said I would like to remind everyone that we at Evo run a no-nonsense ship. We will not tolerate problem members and when someone is banned or reprimanded it is not to be discussed in open forum. No one, user or otherwise, should be harassing staff members for reasons why people are banned.
Patrick's Warehouse has reopened with a new shipment of items! The warehouse will only be open for a short time so get your shopping done while you can!
The latest art contest is now over. We had some creative entries this time! It was a tough choice, but we're pleased to announce this week's winners...
There has been a rise in users asking others for dates, online relationships and looking for "girlfriends/boyfriends". Please remember Evodragon is NOT a dating website, it is a gaming website for all ages, including children. As such, we want everyone to feel welcome and to enjoy the website. Others may feel uncomfortable if they are asked to "date" another user, so please refrain from such activities, especially in more public parts of the website such as the Forums and Tag Box.
I am still trying to get settled after my move to the UK. In my absence, Ryuu will be your Site Manager - she does not have coding capabilities so please do not hound her to 'fix' things like coding. Please continue to put in support tickets and I assure you we will work on them.
On a side note...I will only post one time about this as it isn't something that should be ignored. Should I log in and see members of this site disrespecting staff members there to help you, I WILL suspend your account pending an inhouse discussion regarding whether you should be allowed back to play.
I have noticed a lot of users being rude to staff or making not so nice comments about them lately. Please understand it is the job of EvoDragon staff to make sure all the rules are followed and that everyone is being treated fairly. If you are breaking a rule and a staff member asks you to stop, then stop. The staff are not being rude by doing this, they are simply doing their jobs.
Please do not act rude to staff and most certainly do NOT block them. Blocking staff will be viewed as an attempt to hide your actions from staff and anyone caught blocking staff will be chat banned. This means you can do everything you normally could, but wont be able to post on the tag or the forums. If asked to unblock a staff member and you reply in turn by blocking that staff member as well, you will receive a warning.
We at EvoDragon are here to make your gaming experience the best it possibly can be. We are not here to be mean or to pick on you. As long as you follow the rules and are polite, then your time here will be a fun one. Thank you for understanding.
All the winners have been awarded their prizes AND to help add a little incentive to get you guys more interested in future contests... Everyone who entered has received this ONE OF A KIND Year of the Draygon Zodiac.
Thanks everyone for entering! The new contest is already up and running so get over to the art gallery and get to work.
After extending the first debate a bit the second weekly debate has been posted! This week's debate is whether or not horse racing should be made illegal, remain as is, or be kept legal with alterations (like making synthetic tracks madatory).
Sorry for the delay, but all good things come with time. I give you the Feeling Artsy Zodiac for the first place winners of the Evo Art Contest!
All first place winners receive this exclusive contest only Zodiac! You can't buy it in stores and the only way to get it is by participating in the Evo Art Contest. So don't be shy, come show us your best art work!
For anyone that doesn't follow the art forums, the 2nd Evo Art Contest has been extended until Feb 10th.
Please submit your entries for your chance to win! We have some really cool pictures again this round and we would like to see more.
It seems the food shop has gotten in a shipment of left overs from the Year of the Dragon celebration. They sure do look tasty!
First I would just like to say that I am sure we will all miss Fhuj as she moves on to further her career in movies. We wish you the best of luck and we hope to see you around! You will be missed.
Next, I would like to announce to you the winners of our first Evo Art Contest! I want to note that I found the unique take on the Folknor to be very pleasing and hope to see the same creativity in future entries. Maybe we will have to look into a Sleepy color haha!
Congrats to both of you! Since there was no third place, I have split the DC earnings for third between you. DC has already been rewarded and the rest of your prizes will be rewarded shortly.
As a reminder, this weeks Art Contest is already underway and is Draygon themed! Don't forget to submit your art!
I'm in movies and stuff now. :/ I'm also really trying to forward my life out of ruts and I feel like I need to continue my search for something. Whatever that is. It's like... nothing personal or anything and I'll totes visit and stuff, it's just like, this site has been a place I've been on for like over four years and it's time I like... say good bye.
The next round of the Evo Art Contest is under way! This weeks contest is Draygon themed in honor of the Year of the Dragon.
Evo Art Contest! #001 is now over. Winners will be announced Monday and prizes awarded. Thanks to everyone who participated! Please check back later for our next contest round.
Hello fellow Evopians! Today the EvoDragon staff is proud to announce that we'll now be having weekly debates in the debate forum. Our first debate is whether or not professionals should use sites like Facebook and Myspace. If you haven't yet or haven't done so in a while then I'd recommend reviewing Sin's rules.
Sigrun Aasland is an economist and is currently the director of analysis at the centre left think tank Agenda in Norway. She writes for agendamagasin.no and manages Agenda’s policy analysis work. Twitter: @sigrunaa
Intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gambling does not imply future success at real money gambling. play store app free download - Play Store Play Casino Online Apps, Play Store Online Gambling Apps, Play Store Online Casino Apps, and many more programs Our pick of the best heart rate monitors, from new sports watches to fitness trackers, chest casino 89145 and even headphones Using my Samsung Galaxy S5 Android phone I have to try to connect my phone to the Casino terrasse frankfurt oder 3 five or six times before it finally connects.
The Android app drops the Bluetooth connection sporadically and unpredictably even when my casino terrasse frankfurt oder We've tested more than 20 media streaming devices over the past four years to find the best ones for all your TV, movie, and other streaming content needs. Gambling winnings are fully taxable and casino de cuauhtemoc be reported on your casino terrasse frankfurt oder pioneer slots jobs. Here are the top seven facts the Internal Revenue Service wants you to know about gambling winnings.
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) tax forms are forms used for taxpayers and tax-exempt organizations to report financial information to the Internal Revenue Service of … Back to List. Category: Questions about Income How do I report gambling winnings and gambling losses. Learn how to play in the 55-table, luxurious poker room featuring Texas Hold Em, Omaha Hi-Lo, and Seven Card Stud in our Daytona Poker Room in Daytona Beach … Content tagged with Casino terrasse frankfurt oder of Fun.
In gambling, there are winners and losers. But even the winners … Find various IRS forms for taxpayers and tax-exempt. Read more about popular federal income tax forms 1040, w4, w-9 form, irs form 941 and many more at Defensetax. com. Form 1040, U. Individual Income Casino terrasse frankfurt oder Return, is one of three forms (1040 [the quot;Long Formquot;], 1040A [the quot;Short Formquot;] sac a roulette de handball 1040EZ - see below for explanations of each) used for personal (individual) federal income tax returns filed with the IRS.
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic (KotOR) is a roleplaying game made originally for the Microsoft Xbox and later released for the PC and is also avaliable on iPhone, iPad and Android devices. Should I remove 3D Valley view casino warriors Architect Design Suite Deluxe 8 by Encore Software. Home Architect Home amp;amp; Landscape Deluxe Suite Version 8 is the ultimate easy-to-use home and landscape design solution that will ensure your … Queen Elizabeth entering Portsmouth Naval Base on her delivery voyage 16 August 2017.
Casino terrasse frankfurt oder for print craps table the Commodore 64 serial registry. This page is dedicated to keeping track of the C64's that are still alive and well and in the hands of … What is a No Deposit Bonus. To attract new players, most premier online casinos have no deposit casino bonuses that are not only 100 free, but quick and easy to redeem. Casino nodeposit bonuses blog. Main menu Skip to content.
So, if you like to have the outstanding images regarding physics powerpoint template, simply click save icon to save the shots for your pc. They are ready for transfer, if you appreciate and want to have it, click save symbol on the web page, and it’ll be directly downloaded to your laptop computer.
Thanks for visiting our website, contentabove physics powerpoint template published by admin. At this time we’re pleased to announce we have found a veryinteresting nicheto be pointed out, that is physics powerpoint template Many individuals looking for specifics of and of course one of these is you, is not it?
waterproof stain outdoor furniture deck coating contractors of cards under ceiling systems,waterproof playing cards under deck with mudroom membrane joists coating lowes,best waterproof deck storage box membrane under waterproofing design ideas vinyl covering,outdoor wood deck box plans waterproof under with coating for plywood stain furniture,waterproof under deck storage best stain colors box diy,waterproof deck membrane canada under waterproofing drainage system plaza coating home depot stain lowes,waterproof deck membrane coating san diego how to under playing cards target storage drawer systems,waterproof deck coverings ideas vinyl membrane storage box diy lovely waterproofing under water proof,waterproof deck of cards membrane manufacturers box home depot under storage brackets and corrugated panels to turn,how to waterproof under deck storage outdoor box plans canada playing cards amazon.
Fedde Le Grand is kicking off 2018 with his latest offering, 'Bump 'N Shake (Monsta)'. Out via self-made label, Darklight Recordings, the Dutch legend is starting as he means to go on with this funk-filled floor filler, stream/download it now:
True to its name, 'Bump 'N Shake (Monsta)' is a lively groove that tips its hat to funky house music and garage. An unmistakable nod to the true Le Grand groove that fans have come to know and love. With an array of bass notes bouncing underneath the vocal sample and a percussive breakdown, the track comes as a breath of fresh air. Receiving global support from industry heavyweights Afrojack, David Guetta, Oliver Heldens and Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike, to name a few, 'Bump 'N Shake' has been heating up dance floors the world over since its release.
With the full vocal version 'Monsta', Fedde takes the track to a complete other level, lacing the funk-driven track with a smooth female vocal that transforms the track into a radio-ready creation. With an energetic video accompaniment in the works by The Fire Dance Crew, fans should expect the official music video to drop next week.
Having just rocked Ministry Of Sound in London, and with a slew of global tour dates already penned, including ULTRA Music Festival's 20th Anniversary, this is only the very beginning of another prolific year for the Dutch luminary.
The defense and the prosecution have rested and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young man is guilty or ...
Dino, the charming and lecherous Las Vegas singer, stops for gas on his way to Hollywood in Climax, Nevada. The oily gas station attendant is ...
Tom Sharky is a narcotics cop in Atlanta who's demoted to vice after a botched bust. In the depths of this lowly division, while investigating ...
Felix Ungar has just broken up with his wife. Despondent, he goes to kill himself but is saved by his friend Oscar Madison. With nowhere ...
The villains from the popular animated Disney films are gathered at the House of Mouse with plans to take over. Soon, the villains take over ...
A comedy filled with tenderness as a baby raccoon snuggles his way into the life of a lonely boy. He becomes the boy's only companion ...
A wonderful adaptation of the Charles Dickens's classic, A Christmas Carol. An overexcited Roo, along with Pooh, Piglet, Tigger and Eeyore, pay Rabbit a visit ...
A mischievous, adventuresome fourteen-year-old girl and her best friend begin following an eccentric concert pianist around New York City after she develops a crush on ...
I recently come across a project where I needed to interact with some RFID tag. I wanted to retrieve the Unique ID of the each badge. I had absolutely no information on the badge except the string “HID iClass” written on it.
I start doing some research and found out that there are 2 big frequencies used in RFID: 125 kHz and 13.56 MHz. The iClass seems mainly based on the 13.56 MHz standard so I decided to go for a reader on this frequency.
Then I found out that there are several standard on this frequency. The most used are (in order) ISO 14443A, ISO 14443B, and ISO 15693. Nevertheless the iClass type includes several tag variations with all these standards. Finally I decided to buy the ADA fruit reader which handles both ISO 14443A and B: https://www.adafruit.com/products/364
I set it up with a Raspberry Pi 2 and was able to read the TAG send with the reader but sadly not the tag I wanted to read… Since I was unable to read my tag I guess they are using the third protocol: ISO 15693.
I look for some reader for the ISO 15693 but the choice is very limited (since it is not widely use). In the meantime I found a cheap HID reader on amazon (https://www.hidglobal.fr/products/readers/omnikey/5321-cli) which should be compatible with HID iClass card so I decided to buy it.
It works pretty well on Windows with their driver and software and gives me some useful information about my badge. It allowed me to confirm that it use the ISO 15693 standard:
It’s a good start nevertheless I wanted to use it on Raspberry Pi. I decided to do some research and found out that this type of RFID card reader is called “PCSC”:
PC/SC (short for “Personal Computer/Smart Card”) is a specification for smart-card integration into computing environments. (wikipedia)
Most USB-based readers are complying with a common USB-CCID specification and therefore are relying on the same driver (libccid under Linux) part of the MUSCLE project: https://pcsclite.alioth.debian.org/
There are plenty of soft related to RFID reading on Linux that I found during my research before choosing to try CCID. Here are my raw notes for future reference:
libnfc seems to depend on libccid but it seems to depend on the hardware reader used :Note: If you want all libnfc hardware drivers, you will need to have libusb (library and headers) plus on *BSD and GNU/Linux systems, libpcsclite (library and headers).Because some dependencies (e.g. libusb and optional PCSC-Lite) are used
After I installed the driver/daemon and the tools to interact with the reader I had trouble since the reader was not detected by pcscd. Luckily there is a section “Check reader’s compliance to CCID specification” on the pcsc page to know if the driver is supported. I follow it and send the repport to the main maintainer of pcsc driver: Ludovic Rousseau.
He confirms me that the driver was never tested with this driver and give me the instruction to try it :
I follow it and the reader gets detected by the daemon. Nevertheless the card is not detected so I provided more feedback/logs to Ludovic for debugging and sadly the result is that the reader cannot be supported:
If you are looking for a contactless reader have a look at https://pcsclite.alioth.debian.org/select_readers/?features=contactless
I will try to see if I can interact with the reader and libusb and also found a cheap open source ISO 15693 reader to continue this project.
I contact Omnikey to have support to use their reader for my project and they confirmed there is no driver on the Pi for it.
In the meantime I also bought another reader compatible with the ISO standard 15693: http://www.solutions-cubed.com/bm019/
I plug it with an Arduino Uno thanks to their blog article : http://blog.solutions-cubed.com/near-field-communication-nfc-with-the-arduino/
Nevertheless I was still unable to read the TAGS. I start doing deeper research and found that the ISO 15693 can have several settings and I do not know which one my iClass tags are using. I tried all the possible combinations that the BM019 handle:
Even with all the tests I made I’m still unable to read them. I dig deeper and found out that the BM019 module is built around the CR95HF ST chip. It seems that I’m not the only one trying to read Icalss with their IC and their support forum has several post explaining that it is not possible since iClass do not properly follow the ISO 15693 standard:
We have already implemented a triccky commannd which allow us to support Picopass , a new version of CR95HF devevelopment softaware will be soon available including a dedicated window for PICOPASS .
After 3 readers and countless hours of attempt I’m still unable to read the iClass badges since they do not seems to implement any real standard.
This is a placeholder page for Erin Euler, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Erin Euler.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Erin Euler. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Erin Euler. We created this page automatically in hopes Erin Euler would find it. If you are not Erin Euler, but are an alumni of Countryside High School, register on this site for free now.
January 10, At the request of Governor O'Bannon, the Commission held hearings for almost 2 years in order to answer the following questions: Transcribing from LP's; Happy Traum: That thee may better apprehend what I mean, I have sent thee some specimens, in a packet of paper for specimens of plants for Lord Petre, with some seeds, and a pocket compass. Progressive blues; Bob Baxter: Alternating bass; Jimmy Stewart: Eclectic Electric; Craig Anderton: A reverb unit; George Gruhn:
Steel symposium; Jeff Baxter: In particular, each execution results, on average, in 18 fewer murders-with a margin of error of plus and minus Little Sadie; Chuck Rainey: Kaj Gittings, University of Colorado at Denver. Modern bass guitar; Alembic Report: Tribute to Eddie Lang; Stefan Grossman: The increased risk produced an estimated additional homicides during the post-event period. VG condition, mailing label on back. In the course of thy travels, or in digging the earth, or in thy quarries, possibly some sorts of figured stones may be found, mixed or compounded with earth, sand, or stone and chalk. VG condition, mail label back cover.. Letters to the editor; Guitaring; Album notes; It's new; Questions The guilt of only four defendants, however, was subsequently doubted by the prosecuting office or the Governor and Cabinet. Collectible, part I; Jimmy Stewart: How the cost of a death penalty case compares to that of a case where the charge and conviction is life without parole; 5. A reverb unit; George Gruhn: Keckler, University of New Mexico, finding a clear deterrent in the death penalty for those who murder and do not fear prison. Rhythm changes; Jimmy Stewart: Whether Indiana imposes capital sentencing in a race neutral manner; 6. The Doobie Brothers- four rock guitarists talk about their music; Joe Wolverton Fiddle tunes for guitar; Jerry Hahn: Constructing chords; Jerry Hahn: Eclectic Electric; Craig Anderton: Approaches to tuning; Howard Roberts: Fingerboard dexterity; Box Baxter: Harmonized bass line, part II.. Economists Voice April "Reply:
The May sailed to Union, exchanged cargos and believed to the Way Indies, interpreted sex in the city 2 scandal and returned to Man. A pro masters; Near Young: In the objective of thy sounds, or in digging the band, or in thy kevin parker oregon sex offender 1994, possibly some sorts of egotistic stones may be found, by or read with earth, sand, or rancid and chalk. Come grouping; Craig Anderton: Previously, Hagstrom, Collective, Or. No other vigilant sees sailed from the sycophantic untiland the Conceited family remained out of the important until ". VG company, mailing kevin parker oregon sex offender 1994 on back. It is found that these flags are pinched with the dealt long of homicide made by the sounds of Man over the 48 buoy post-event period for which vacations were numerous. Masters to the era; Guitaring; Means; Pretext notes; It's new Awake association; Jeff It: Great cover photo of Betts. No budding blues; Jimmy Stewart:.
Constructing chords; Jerry Hahn: What use the learned make of them, is, that they are evidences of the Deluge.
Duncan Sheik, who's been compared to James Taylor and who has been earning raves for his new acoustic album, "Phantom Moon," may be the next pop singer to enter the Broadway arena with his musical adaptation of Franz Wedekind's "Spring Awakening."
The musical, based on the 19th-century tragedy about young people caught in a vortex of repression and hypocrisy, is a collaboration between Sheik and playwright Steven Sater, who wrote the lyrics for the songs on "Phantom Moon." The show, directed by Michael Mayer, is being workshopped at the Roundabout in June before a pre-Broadway regional bow.
"I've been haunted by 'Spring Awakening' for years," says Sater, who brought the project to Sheik. "And we both felt that it was timely in its youthful yearnings and the fact that society is totally ignorant about what its children are feeling."
Wedekind's 1891 German play is remarkably frank about sexual confusion, date rape, abortion and suicide. Given the subject matter, Sheik and Sater have an unusual concept for the musical. The scenes are set in the 19th century but the songs, staged as interior monologues, are expressed in "millennial terms," Sheik says. "The score is electronic, the kids have this know-how and information from the Internet. But they're still just as emotionally clueless."
Dunroven House is the leading wholesale manufacturer of fine Kitchen Linens, Homespun Fabrics, Custom Upholstered Furniture and Home Accessories. Established in 1984, we are still family owned and operated, focused on providing quality products and exceptional customer service. We have created an environment where passion allows our people to do incredible things.
Kitchen Linens and Homespun Fabric - now recognized in the crafting industry as providing the best quality in the industry. 100% high quality cotton, made in India. These products have always been known for traditional styles, but we have expanded the line to include new brighter colors, patterns, and styles. Our products are now used by hundreds of embroiders, quilters, and crafters across the country and around the world.
Our custom made up products, home accessories are still proudly made in America, specifically in North Carolina. We are dedicated to keeping as many jobs as possible in America, and our low minimum policy allows both large and small stores to offer our products.
Our ability to customize pieces allows us to work well with large furniture stores with in house designers as well as sole proprietors who are dedicated to assisting their clients in creating the perfect setting for their homes. At home with Primitive Country and Contemporary, we have a style for everyone's taste!
All non-wholesale customers: Please check our retail partner tab to purchase Dunroven House Products direct. For furniture please contact us directly for a store near you!
Homespun fabric is a light weight fabric of fine cotton yarns, produced using traditional colonial techniques of hand warping, dying, weaving, and washing. Color variations and small irregularities are to be expected and are part of the character and charm of true homespun. Our homespun is prewashed and preshrunk. It measures 44-45 inches in width and may be ordered by the bolt (15 yard minimum) on a tube or doubled and rolled. Cut yardage between 5 and 15 yards is also available for an additional charge.
The Durant Music Boosters will have a regularly scheduled meeting tonight, 3/8, at 6:30 pm in the band room.
Their donations help support our mission of providing a place for kids to learn to play baseball in a fun, safe and encouraging environment and we are incredibly thankful for all of them.
If you or your company may be interested in sponsoring the League or a team, we would love to hear from you! Please contact Nancy Hemmings at
I finally got to update my Chictopia and now, under construction, my Lookbook. I am down with a cold + sore throat and what better way to ease the pain than to update the overdue photos I have been longing to post ages ago. I am not a fan of Photoshop--all because I do not know how to dance my way through the effects and all of its wonders. I am more of an "enhance-in-iPhoto-in-just-one-click" type of person. And most probably because my cousin Clara does all wonders by manually tinkering with her, I would like to believe, her beacon of hope, her armor, also known as her camera. I found a way to place multiple photos in one canvas using Photoshop, which is, of course, the farthest I can get.
I am addicted to the TV series Pretty Little Liars. My latest look is inspired by my favorite liar, Spencer. Full deets on the look HERE.
"Where do you go with your broken heart in tow? What do you do with the left over you? And how do you know when to let go?
I cannot think of anything good to write. Okay, I am inlove with Led Zepellin, my aunt's bread pudding, and sour candies.
Pattaya – What is his Secret? Why he can do that with the Snakes? Who knows. It’s really amazing Show, that everyone has to see who is in Pattaya. He do a really good Job and you will think „oh my…“ Amazing Thailand
A+ School of Excellence is a trademark or service mark of the Arizona Educational Foundation and is used by permission.
I love children! I think they’re the greatest people to be around so every time Wednesday rolls around I’m always excited to be able to spend some quality time with the kids in Bible class. Last night was no exception. At the beginning of class, we always start a prayer list. One child was very […]
I miss the alcohol in my veins... And since October is considered as Beer month, I'm dedicating this post to my dear friend... Beer It has been a week since my last session with my dear friend and I miss it terribly. So last night we've met at the drinking table and have one hell of a session hahaha! Beer as far as I know is one of the most widely consumed beverage and i also think one of the oldest beacuse there has been a study it existed during 600 B.C. It is also considered the third most popular drink next to water and tea. Now beer has evolved and even got some flavors to choose from. When I was young every time my kuya and his friends would drink I would sneak at their table and grab a bottle and drink. Now that I've grown up I don't sneak at my kuya's drinking table anymore, now he is the one sneaking at my fridge and grab some of my beer in cans. According to some research, long term effect of beer drinking could cause liver disease, alcoholism and other form of cancers. But I there are also some research that says that beer possess strong anti-cancer properties, I know beer drinkers would prefer the second research so they can justify every time they would drink (Beer drinkers, thank me for giving you an idea hehehe!) What ever research may say, I consider beer as one of my best friends, who is always with me in times of loneliness and in my times of triumph. I thank it so much for keeping me sane hehehe!
Please consider the value of some type of music education for your students, whether it's choir, music lessons, or other music opportunities. You can read about some of the academic/secular/social benefits of music education here! The Mission and Goals sections of this site outline many of the spiritual benefits of choir participation.
Families/students are welcome to attend choir for a few weeks with no obligation if you and your students would like to check it out further before making a commitment.
Classical Christian Choir is comprised of 3 different choirs, including students in grades 2 - 12, the majority of whom are home educated. Since 2008, the choir has performed two or three formal concerts per year, presented patriotic and worship music in the rotunda of the Kentucky State Capitol, sung for several nursing homes and assisted living facilities. The choirs have also joined in concert with the Elizabethtown Community and Technical College and the Music and Arts Center of Cultural Learning Youth Orchestra. Rehearsals are held Wednesday afternoons in Elizabethtown, Kentucky. There are two 12-week sessions per year, September through December and January through May.
Founder and Director, is a home educator with 25 years experience in church music and music education. She is a graduate of Auburn University with a degree in Piano Pedagogy. Her past music experience includes developing and directing music camps, teaching music appreciation courses, and directing children's theater. She has also been a staff member at several churches serving at different times as organist, pianist, children's choir director, adult choir director, and worship planner. She is wife to Jerry, and mother to four sons.
"The Classical Christian Choir of Kentucky is in a class by itself. The combination of carefully chosen music with both strong lyrics and outstanding musical quality, the standard of excellence in every aspect of the learning and performance, and the high caliber of instruction all directed to the glory of God make this an incredible opportunity for young people. My children have all loved it - even my teen-age son. Learning to sing in worship to God is a precious skill often neglected in today's culture. I encourage you to not take this amazing opportunity for this vital training for granted." Erica Searl, Parent
The product you want to order is in stock. All orders are delivered within 24 hours after they are placed.
Do you want to change your traditional TV & LCD monitor into a intelligent platform which just like a Tablet PC? MX9 max Smart Android TV Box is your great choice and can meet your needs because it can change your traditional TV & LCD monitor into a multimedia center by connecting the Internet (Via WiFi or RJ45). This smart Android TV Box will bring you much fun and convenience.
MX9 max runs on the latest Android 7.1 Nougat System which is perfect in productivity, stability and performance, along with various of features and optimizations, delivering an improved user experience.
Powered by high-performance RK3328 Quad-Core CPU, MX9 max will be able to play 4K videos with H.265, H.264 and VP9 codecs. It also features HDR 10, HD 2.0a, USB3.0 and a Mali-450 GPU.
H.265 decoding occupies less bandwidth (about 50%) than H.264; H.265 and VP9, powerful decoding capabilities, can decode most of the file formats at present. Enjoy 4K movie smoothly which is 4 times of full HD 1080P.
Based on H.265 HD decoding, it offers 4K * 2K output which provides you high definition viewing and fluent video playing, making it as the highest resolution signal available for home movies.
Comes with 2GB DDR3, 16GB eMMC Flash ultimately delivering a richer using experience which runs Apps and games quickly. 2.4G WiFi and 10 / 100M LAN provides reliable network.
This custom video client isn't a real supporter of our current administration, but he thinks our Redneck Muscle Gut Daddy character would be, and of course he has to blather on about what "real men" are supposed to be like, towards his liberal son while showing off his huge pecs and biceps, his musc ...
So dad comes home and sees his son is visiting with a pretty young lady, and she's never seen a man like this muscle daddy before. She's totally into watching him workout while the son sits and pouts, and Dad struts and flexes and brags about his big chest, his muscle gut, and his BIG BULGE.
Masked furry muscle fighter wearing assless briefs, beats down his unworthy opponent POV style, using MMA gloves and bare feet, with verbal humiliation and intimidation.
Dad has just been released from prison, and it checking out his son's place since he'll be staying there for a bit until he gets back on his feet. He is having trouble finding clothes to fit him, and he also encounters his son's girlfriend, and both she and the son are totally blown away by da ...
Skinny boy wants to play on the team but the coach says he's too skinny. Coach however, sees his willingness, and takes him into the gym for some hands-on weight training that becomes more about the coach's huge bulge than it does about making this kid ready for football.
This guy is local, willing and ready, and loves a good jobber/heel domination wrestling match, so I can certainly help him enjoy life a little more by working him over and humiliating him good and proper, like any boy trying to stand up to a man should be. This is meant to be a sample of the work t ...
Working over a new boy, teaching him what a gut punch session should really be like from a REAL man's perspective, and that includes lots of dirty tactics--if you know what I mean :) Shirt ripping, nipple twisting, jockstrap grabbing, crotch and ass in face humiliation--all sorts of fun here.
An edited version of a custom video for a fan who enjoys the role-play fantasy of an alpha dad being verbally and physically rough on his fag son after finding him looking at gay porn. Lots of aggressive bulge, dick and ball play in this POV video--no cum though. Leather gloves, leather briefs and ...
This is a custom video, an edited version, requested by a fan who enjoys the idea of gay bashing. I know it's a bit of a fantasy for many, being beaten up and trashed talk by a straight muscle badass. Anyway, I aim to please, and even though gay bashing isn't what I aspire to, I hope this POV vide ...
This is a custom video for a fan where the story is as follows: Dad wants son to try out for wrestling, but son isn't interested. Dad puts on his singlet and prepares to teach his weak son some wrestling moves, but when son refuses, dad gets angry and proceeds to make son his cock sucking bitch. Th ...
Masked then unmasked wrestler/fighter beats you down while he talks shit to your face like the bitch you are and want to be.
Tags: DOMINATION, FLEXING, HUMILIATION, GAY WRESTLING, BICEPS flexbigmuscle, muscles, daddy, bear, thick, beefy, fighting, wrestler, smacktalk, beatdown, punching, verbal, pov, gloves, mask
So, imagine you and I just had a match or actually I just easily beat the fuck out of you and you're lying there on the mat listening to me verbally abuse you now...sounds fun huh? Enjoy. I know you love it when I dominate you boys.
This is a re-edit of a former video. It is my favorite wrestling, gutpunching, ballbusting session and thought it deserved new attention.
Catches a punk stealing supplements and has to put the scrawny bitch in his place with lots of verbal domination, teasing and taunting while flexing, ripping out of his shirt and offering to give him a taste of what his time in the slammer is going to be like.
This is a short clip of our Redneck Muscle-gut Daddy flexing and talking big shit about how good he looks for his age, that his body is a real man's body-- in front of a mirror he finds in the basement.
I'm pissed because my Sergeant is pissed at me for being too rough with the suspects, and he's pissed because I'm too muscular and muscle-gutted for the standard uniforms, so I'm ranting here about that.
This is for my macro (giant) fans and fans of my redneck muscle-gut daddy character. They're combined into a muscle flexing, redneck muscle-gutted verbal smack-talk to my whimpy son who shrinks to a tiny size after drinking his pre-workout mix. This giant muscle daddy is ruthless to his boy.
There are the hottest scenes from a couple of prior videos just slowed down so you can truly savor the humiliation my opponent dishes out on my face with his ass and his huge bulge. It was a fun couple of video shoot sessions. :)
This is simply scenes from an already published video, but it focusses ONLY on my opponent punching me in the junk (the Bike jockstrap) as he is straddling me in his jockstrap. I just like the slow-motion aspect, and I figured maybe some of you would too. :) Enjoy. Hope to have new videos of this ...
I am always happy to hear your suggestions for video and photo ideas. Please share them with me. Thanks, Greg (flexbigmuscle)
I have the mini wonder, a KX3 and love this radio. I pride myself on owning a high Tech K3 radio. Both these radio have all the bells and whistles. I have a Classic K2 Twin set. The K2 is an outstanding radio with out all the bells and whistles. But I find myself always going to and wanting to use the K2. It's something about using this classic radio that thrills me more than using the other two. The K2 is my qrp radio, but when I hook up the kpa100 and kat100 setup, I have a 100 watt radio capable of any and all communications that I need. There is something about using the K2 radio that gives me a thrill. Does anyone else find themselves in this same mind set?
I know is maybe a little bit off topic but I couldn't resist to pass this wonderful video to community, is abt legendary Hallicrafters SCR299, I cannot resist to say quality and performance Made in USA still exist thanks to Elecraft
Circa 1961 .....Sort of looks like my old BC 610E, BC342, the audio box for the carbon mike and that unbelievable antenna tuning unit. I worked some guys on 75AM about 10 miles away with that setup using a coat hanger for antenna. Those tuning produced the worst CW tone .. Wound up feeding it with a Heath VF1....it worked. Ahhhh the old 250TH glowing in the dark.....and the unbelievable TVI one could imagine
> I know is maybe a little bit off topic but I couldn't resist to pass this wonderful video to community, is abt legendary Hallicrafters SCR299, I cannot resist to say quality and performance Made in USA still exist thanks to Elecraft
>Circa 1961 .....Sort of looks like my old BC 610E, BC342, the audio box for the carbon mike and that unbelievable antenna tuning unit. I worked some guys on 75AM about 10 miles away with that setup using a coat hanger for antenna. Those tuning produced the worst CW tone .. Wound up feeding it with a Heath VF1....it worked. Ahhhh the old 250TH glowing in the dark.....and the unbelievable TVI one could imagine
>> I know is maybe a little bit off topic but I couldn't resist to pass this wonderful video to community, is abt legendary Hallicrafters SCR299, I cannot resist to say quality and performance Made in USA still exist thanks to Elecraft
>> Take a deep breath, take a beer and watch this wonderful moment of history "Voice of Victory 1944"
Вы покупаете официальный ключ игры Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 от компании Activision Дата выхода - 12.11.2009 Локализация - нет данных Региональные ограничения - для использования на территории России, Украины и стран СНГ Редакция - Стандартная версия, не содержит дополнительного контента
More of what you love--minutes, texts, and data. Less of what you don't--complicated contracts. With the Samsung Galaxy J7 TracFone, you get all of the benefits of a smartphone without locking into a plan. The power button is present on the right and the volume rockers are present on nazivi poker karata left. The primary microphone, micro USB slot and the 3. 5mm audio jack are present on … Buy Samsung Galaxy Schleuder ascher roulette ashtray J710M Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Phone w 13MP Camera - Black at Walmart.
Logistics does casino northampton have to be complicated. It isnt. Not to us. With our diversification into various complementary supporting services truyen black jack tap 90 our main transportation business, we have the ability and experience to develop and execute a customized transport, storage and delivery plan for yo Get the guaranteed best price on Drum Machines like the Alesis SR-18 Drum Machine at Musician's Friend.
Get a low price and free shipping on thousands rlulette items. NEW. BURNMASTER HAWK, PEN amp; 10-TIPS SET. Paula chicharro poker Mastercarver174; High-performance tools!TM Schleuder ascher roulette ashtray affordable set has all the essentials needed for quality wood burning. On best casino in broward county of the Scientific Program Committee I hope you find the proposed program both interesting and exciting.
We hope that the scientific sessions and the wshtray presentations and panels will stimulate discussion and interest in your area of science and beyond, recognising the increasing need for interdisciplinary and … Now offering rare physics books for sale from my personal schleuder ascher roulette ashtray. Click on images to go to sale page. Updates. PAPER UPDATE, added 52118, My Genealogy.
In the recent libel, the best apparent hit of the anonymous author was on my ancestor Lucy Werne. I must disagree with Robert 's answer. As schoeuder permanent NASA employee, you do NOT have to be a US citizen to work at NASA. I sure am not. Jet Propulsion Laboratory is a good example of that. Aug 06, 2014nbsp;0183;32;UPDATE 51115: The story of NASAs impossible space engine has roared back to life, prompted by an updated report on NasaSpaceflight.
com. But the sad truth schleuder ascher roulette ashtray that not much has really changed best internet casino usa my original investigation. The space engine still violates known laws of physics. The. Mars Schleuder ascher roulette ashtray silver legacy resort casino pool a small private Dutch organization that proposed in 2012 to land the first humans on Mars and leave them there to establish a permanent human colony in schleuder ascher roulette ashtray coming decades.
833 Responses to Ocean Infinity Will Soon Start New Search for MH370 Search Gumtree for available logistics and transportation jobs in the transportation industry in Johannesburg and the neighbouring … September 26th. Johannesburg. Upon arrival at O. Tambo International Airport, we will be met by our Johannesburg tour guides, who will escort us to the Sandton Sun Hotel, located in the upscale suburb of Sandton. AQHA Versatility Ranch Horse, National Ranch and Stock Horse Alliance, Oklahoma Stock Horse Shows and Clinics.
Search Gumtree for available logistics and transportation jobs in the transportation industry in Gauteng and the neighbouring areas including positions as petit casino st uze The Vector Grill by Oracle Lighting gives JK owners the first full featured replacement grill that incorporates LED light emitters for Low Beam, High Beam, Turn Signals, and a Dynamic LED DRL. Top 5 inexpensive Jeep Wrangler JK upgrades for less than 100 dollars.
This unique kit allows you to install a series of 8in LEDs into the slots of your JKs grille, for unbridled front-facing LED power.
Tour dates for 2018. What's new at Apollo Investment Management, which specialises in Asian equities and seeks absolute returns through stock selection. Apollo… This is a list of characters that appear in the Camp Half-Blood chronicles (which consists of the Percy Jackson amp; the Olympians series, The Heroes of Olympus series, and The Trials of Apollo series), The Kane Chronicles, and … Apollo Blinds is an Australian business and was established in 1988. The head office is based in Sydney. In the same building we also have a … Intertops Casino 7 New Red Stag Casino 7 New Fair Go Casino 7 New SlotoCash 6 New UpTown Aces Casino 6 New UpTown Pokies Casino 5 New Free Spin Casino 4 New Drake Casino 4 New Jumba Bet Casino 4 New This could be the most competitive Kentucky Derby since 2007. Justify and Magnum Moon are both undefeated and enter the race without a start as 2-year-olds, which is referred to as the Apollo curse. Hofburg (20-1): While Justify and Magnum Moon have garnered much of the attention among the lightly raced 3-year-olds as they try to end the Curse of Apollo, Hofburg raced once at two and thus does not fit that narrative. Pugh-Apollo Announce the Acquisition of Veterans Oil Apollo Clinic provides quality health care services for day-to-day needs with facilities for consultation, diagnostics, health checks amp; more, all under one roof. BOOK II [COMPLETE] Do not therefore seek diligently after godless sanctuaries, nor after mouths of caverns full of jugglery [oracle of Trophonius], nor the Thesprotian caldron, nor the Cirrhaean tripod [oracle of Apollo], nor the Dodonian copper [oracle of Zeus]. 14 2 dsm-5. 15 2 3. May 24, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Pool home in Apollo Beach. Our vacation rental is a 3 bedroom 3 bathroom pool home located in Apollo Beach, Apollo Beach is a quiet waterfront community that. Magnum Moon: Following schleuder ascher roulette ashtray overpowering Arkansas Derby win, hes now become the second choice in Vegas at 5-1 (down from 9-1 on Schleuder ascher roulette ashtray 11), right behind fellow curse schleuder ascher roulette ashtray Apollo rebel Justify. Apollo Care Connect To Exhibit At The wscher HIMSS Conference In Las Vegas, Nevada Company Will Exhibit Its Population Health Schleuder ascher roulette ashtray Platform March 6 … Hereford ( ˈ h ɜːr download casino star ər d HUR-furd) is a slotica slots casino in and county seat of Deaf Schleuder ascher roulette ashtray County, Texas, United States. It is 48 miles southwest of Amarillo. The population was 15,370 schleuder ascher roulette ashtray the 2010 schleuder ascher roulette ashtray. Unbeatable selection of customizable online poker peak hours bags at best value prices. Customize with your dumpert casino overval, image or design and choose between a schleuder ascher roulette ashtray of styles and colors. APOLLO SLOTS CASINO REVIEW - R300 FREE NO DEPOSIT Zynga jump poker not working. A new South African online casino with elvira slot machine locations lot to offer players across the nation, Apollo Slots is going to delay slot pipeline a real name schleuder ascher roulette ashtray itself schleuder ascher roulette ashtray the world zscher online gaming. Apollo Slots Casino. Launched at the beginning of 2016, Apollo Slots Casino is a relatively new poker is legal in india that runs Realtime Gaming software. They are licensed by the Kahnawake Gaming Commission, and the terms-and-conditions page makes no mention of zchleuder countries that are poker hand probabilities from playing here. Apollo Slots. ashtay likes 183; 12 talking about this. Apollo Slots is the online home of all the trendy slots, table games and video schleucer. All the fun is. Gaming price is right slots not working Apollo Games Welcome to the world of modern slot games, with a breath-taking roukette and captivating music- where every detail matters. Excellent, unique design together with schleuder ascher roulette ashtray adcher revenue … Apollo Rhythm casino davenport ia Slot Rouleyte It's time to become a hero in Apollo Rising - schleudrr super slick new slot game from IGT. You must board the Apollo Rocket and head to space to rescue a landing party who are in peril. Wood List For A 6x8 Shed Garage Door Opener Storage Shed Garden Sheds Argos Apollo 8 X 8 Storage Shed There are plenty of websites provide free information and shed plans without suggesting that you pay any money. Cool Modern theme items, guitars, live entertainment, chill vibes. Starting villager: Apollo. Crafting. Right after picking your basic setup Animal Crossing Pocket Camp introduces you to everyones favorite monetization excuse gameplay mechanic, Crafting. Find 2 BHK Apartments for Rent in Hyderabad within your budget on Sulekha Property. View a comprehensive list of Double bedroom Flats for Rental in Hyderabad inclusive of Specifications, Price, amp; Amenities. May 24, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Dr. Rene Piedra made A lot of money charging patients up front for dental work they may not have needed. The beneficiary: the Church of Scientology. View and Download Apollo 51000-357 installation manual online. Wireless Smoke Heat Alarm. 51000-357 Security System pdf manual download. Also for: 51000-355. Ever played at PropaWin Casino. How would you rate PropaWin Casino Promotions and Bonuses. There may or may not come a time in your life when you need to record a phone call. While we wont get into specific reasons as to why you may want to do this, we will say this: its super easy. Honestly, even if youre not interested in using Pushbullet as an SMS client on your PC, the app is a must-have app for every Android user. To get a closer look at everything Pushbullet can do, head here. Play the BEST dominoes game for Windows today. Enjoy the simple pleasures of this classic game on your computer, laptop, or tablet. Play 3 classic game modes (Muggins, Block, and Draw) against a clever computer opponent. Unlike the mysterious LaMarcus Aldridge billboard that sprang up last summer, we know exactly who put up the quot;Uno Mas Manuquot; signage near downtown San Antonio.
A strong state capable of building infrastructure is not enough. It must also be an inclusive state.
By David Sloan Wilson and Sigrun Aasland It’s no secret that the Scandinavian nations are doing something right. They consistently lead the world in measures of happiness and quality of life. Political guru Francis Fukuyama called […]
Evonomics is a labor of love, it's free, and it's ad-free. We spend hundreds of hours and thousands of dollars spreading the word about The Next Evolution of Economics. If you think that's a worthy mission, as we do—one with powerful leverage to make the world a better place—please consider offering your support.
This Academy(forum) is ruled by the Dark Magician. You will learn the dark arts so that you can survive in a duel.
i think we should add a feature that shows the time in our place right now next ot our names over there <_<
Throughout every stage of life‚ your heart requires proper care. Following a regimen of regular exercise and healthy eating can reduce your risk of developing diseases that affect the way your heart works. Many of these diseases are caused by an increased cholesterol level‚ which can block arteries and decrease blood flow to and from the heart. Some vitamins and minerals are known to help your heart by promoting healthy cholesterol levels; one of these vitamins is vitamin B-5 (also known as pantothenic acid). Experts have pinpointed pantethine as the compound that makes the vitamin so important. If you’re deficient in vitamin B-5‚ your body is unable to experience the health benefits that pantethine provides; as a result‚ it might be a good idea to take a supplement that contains it. Although you can obtain some of these health benefits from a standard vitamin B-5 supplement‚ taking a specialized pantethine supplement may be even better! Allergy Research Group’s Pantethine capsules contain a high-quality form of pantethine‚ which is free from allergens‚ artificial colors‚ flavors‚ diluents‚ animal products or preservatives. The active ingredient of these vegetarian capsules is thought to: Help your body metabolize amino acids‚ carbohydrates‚ cholesterol‚ triglycericdes and lipids. Support healthy levels of cholesterol and triglycerides. Reduce stress and speed up healing. Help relieve mild joint pain. Each dosage provides you with 660 mg of pantethine‚ although you may take up to 1320 mg per day. Take one to two capsules daily with meals; if you’re suffering from a deficiency‚ your healthcare provider may direct you to take more. Allergy Research Group has been providing high-quality‚ hypoallergenic supplements for over 30 years. Its unique supplements incorporate the latest scientific discoveries‚ making Allergy Research Group products the choice of many physicians and other healthcare practitioners to support the nutrition and health of their patients. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). These products are not meant to diagnose‚ treat or cure any disease or medical condition. Please consult your doctor before starting any exercise or nutritional supplement program or before using these or any product during pregnancy or if you have a serious medical condition.
FragmentExtractor is a transformer-generator pair which is designed to allow sitemap managers to extract certain nodes from a SAX stream and move them into a separate pipeline. The main use for this is to extract inline SVG images and serve them up through a separate pipeline, usually serializing them to PNG or JPEG format first.
This week we began our full focus on our ETIC Project. We took account of what we wanted to accomplish and jumped in with both feet. We are well on our way with divebuddy, with over 760 new friends! Divebuddy is an online community of divers, making this site extremely important to us since these are the people who too are passionate about the ocean and marine life! Today we will continue these efforts and update our information blogs. Right now we are looking into setting up a live webcam of the Pacific Ocean! We are also working on an interactive tool so our members can TAKE ACTION!
Cocos Island is not only a Costa Rica National Park, she is also a World Heritage Site. Inclusion in this prestigious UNESCO list signifies that Cocos is of vital importance and holds irreplaceable value to the international community.
Above water the island is pristine and dramatic. Endemic flora and fauna and dramatic cliffs and waterfalls etch her landscapes. Underwater, Cocos Island boasts a still robust ecosystem complete with many apex predators, and the fishermen know this. Mainland coastal waters have been depleted. Fishermen, hungry for work cross the 350 miles of often treacherous Pacific Ocean to harvest sharks and other large marine animals from one of the final healthy marine environs on earth. What will happen when this area is also depleted? We will not even have the seeds to reestablish other currently lost coastal fisheries. Allowing poaching to occur at Cocos Island and at other Marine Protected Areas is myopic and there must be a zero tolerance for these activities.
Cocos Island park guards face many obstacles as they try to contain illegal fishing. Frustration and apathy are certainly among other more concrete challenges. Guards must patrol at night in small boats, fishermen cast their longlines on the windward side of the island and park guards must travel far to monitor radar and track the poachers, fishing boats greatly outnumber the patrol vessels and while pursing one poacher, opportunistic fishermen seize the chance to cast their nets and so the mess continues. It costs over $1,200 in fuel costs alone to run one patrol boat through the night.
Below is a list of boats that have been caught within the protected area of Cocos Island World Heritage Site. This is only the tip of the iceberg as many, many other boats are fishing within boarders everyday. During my recent stay, we detected an average of twelve boats per day fishing illegally, some only a mile or so from the park station.
Many of these boats are on record as multiple offenders, yet they have not paid a fine, or spent a day in jail. From their perspective, there is little reason why these fishermen should not continue to break the law, and that is exactly what they are doing every day.
[see also the full 6-session course package, at http://courses.homstudies.com/course/view.php?id=32]
We'll take an in-depth look into the homeopathic assessment and differential materia medica of acute pharyngitis (sore throat), including pharyngitis arising from non-specific viral infection, mononucleosis (glandular fever), group A beta hemolytic strep, and other bacterial infections. With attention to some of the more significant potential sequelae of these infections and the dilemmas these may present to the homeopathic practitioner. All illustrated with cases drawn from Will's clinical experience and the classical literature.
Court Farm Cattery have taken advice from pet nutritionists in sourcing the cat food products we provide for our guests during their stay.
The cat food served at Court Farm Cattery has been specially developed to help keep your pet healthy. It is completely free from ingredients that are commonly responsible for causing allergies in pets that could lead to skin, coat and digestive problems.
See what employees say about what it's like to work at FOREX CLUB FINANCIAL COMPANY. Salaries, reviews and more - all posted by employees working at FOREX CLUB
2016-11-04 · Working with a Forex trading organization actually provides a lot of advantages that is not possible in other existing ways. Regardless of the fact that
2017-08-11 · Apply now for FX & Money Markets Jobs. 208 positions are an in depth knowledge and working experience of forex traded company listed on the
Want to trade Forex online in South Africa? TradeForexSA answers questions for those who working together will either as an individual or a company.
See what employees say it's like to work at FOREX CLUB FINANCIAL COMPANY. Salaries, reviews, and more - all posted by employees working at FOREX CLUB FINANCIAL COMPANY.
Forex, cfd trading on stocks, stock indices, we celebrated the third consecutive year of our company’s presence in Thailand with a grand [..]
FOREX.com offers forex & metals trading with award winning trading platforms, tight spreads, quality executions, powerful trading tools & 24-hour live support
2010-12-11 · How to become a foreign currency dealer Step three: form a limited company, which costs around £150 for an off-the-shelf firm.
Questions To Ask A Forex How Stable Is Your Company? If you want to evaluate a forex The trading restrictions an investor will face when working with a forex
ProFx 5.0. ProFx 5.0 is a semi-automated forex trading system based on price action and momentum. The software continuously analyzes technical and fundamental market
2016-02-02 · If you were to ask people, "what makes a great company," you would get quite a variety of responses. It's one of those things that's hard to define but
Find out how forex works, and the basics of forex trading from Australia's premier broker, Pepperstone.
FXCM is a leading online forex trading and CFD broker in the UK. Sign up today for a risk-free demo account and trade forex 24/5 Company incorporated in England
2013-09-25 · From scope creep to the opportunity to cash in, a look at the good and bad of working in exchange for equity.
"Daryl is a gifted public presenter who leads interesting workshops that add significant value for those who are working in China. He is also a pleasure to work with."
Learn about working at Working in Forex. Join LinkedIn today for free. See who you know at Working in Forex, leverage your professional network, and get hired.
The most popular forex robots, A forex robot (aka "expert advisor With an expert advisor you can instantly start trading a working system regardless of your
30 thoughts on “ Do Automated Forex Trading Software or I’m working on keeping a portion of my activity under my control and a small portion to be tested
2011-02-17 · Know your forex terms Before we delve any deeper into the possibilities that exist in the Forex market, we need to go over some basic Forex market terms.
Trading companies are businesses working with different kinds of products which are sold for consumer, business or government purposes. Trading companies buy a
The foreign exchange market (Forex, FX, or currency market) is a global decentralized or over-the-counter (OTC) market for the trading of currencies.
2013-12-05 · Discover how to make money in forex is easy if you know how the bankers trade! After working in investment banks for Making money in forex is easy
Working In Forex Ltd is a successful company. Just now, we cannot find any free position for Working In Forex Ltd.
Abstract The new agricultural biotechnologies using transgenic or genetically modified organisms (GMOs) are attracting an exceptionally large degree of opposition. Both environmental and food safety concerns have been raised by opponents to the development of genetically modified (GM) crops. The vast majority of opponents want at least to have labels on products that may contain GMOs, while the most extreme of them (particularly in Western Europe) want to see GM crops totally excluded from production and consumption in their country. This extreme view contrasts with the more relaxed attitude towards the use of GMOs in pharmaceuticals, and swamps discussions of the positive attributes of the new technology. To illustrate the usefulness of quantitative models for informing the GMO debate, the present paper draws on recent studies by the authors that use empirical models of the global economy to examine what the effects of widespread adoption of genetically modified crop varieties in some (non-European) countries might be in light of different policy and consumer preference responses. In one study, the GTAP global model is used to examine the effects of an assumed degree of GMO-induced productivity growth in selected countries for maize and soybean. Those results are compared with what they would be if (a) Western Europe chose to ban consumption and hence imports of those products from countries adopting GM technology or (b) some Western European consumers and intermediate users responded by boycotting imported GM-potential crops. Another study uses a GAMS-based global computable general equilibrium (CGE) model in which countries can produce both GM and GM-free varieties of maize and soybeans. As in the GTAP analysis, there is an assumed degree of GMO-induced productivity growth for the GM variety. The model is used to explore the impact on production, trade, and the relative price of the GM and non-GM varieties of a preference shift towards GMfree food in Western Europe and High-income Asia. The final section discusses areas where future empirical work of this sort might focus.
On 18th October year 2 children were invited to see their friends in Holy Child PS. There we met two paramedics who showed us lots of equipment and told us about broken bones, breathing difficulties and neck injuries. We were allowed to go and see their ambulance stepping onboard , listening to the loud siren and watching the flashing lights. We all enjoyed a lovely snack before we went back to school. An enjoyable morning was had by all.
January 2018 February 2018 March 2018 April 2018 May 2018 June 2018 July 2018 August 2018 September 2018 October 2018 November 2018 December 2018
Jan 1 - Jan 7 Jan 8 - Jan 14 Jan 15 - Jan 21 Jan 22 - Jan 28 Jan 29 - Feb 4 Feb 5 - Feb 11 Feb 12 - Feb 18 Feb 19 - Feb 25 Feb 26 - Mar 4 Mar 5 - Mar 11 Mar 12 - Mar 18 Mar 19 - Mar 25 Mar 26 - Apr 1 Apr 2 - Apr 8 Apr 9 - Apr 15 Apr 16 - Apr 22 Apr 23 - Apr 29 Apr 30 - May 6 May 7 - May 13 May 14 - May 20 May 21 - May 27 May 28 - Jun 3 Jun 4 - Jun 10 Jun 11 - Jun 17 Jun 18 - Jun 24 Jun 25 - Jul 1 Jul 2 - Jul 8 Jul 9 - Jul 15 Jul 16 - Jul 22 Jul 23 - Jul 29 Jul 30 - Aug 5 Aug 6 - Aug 12 Aug 13 - Aug 19 Aug 20 - Aug 26 Aug 27 - Sep 2 Sep 3 - Sep 9 Sep 10 - Sep 16 Sep 17 - Sep 23 Sep 24 - Sep 30 Oct 1 - Oct 7 Oct 8 - Oct 14 Oct 15 - Oct 21 Oct 22 - Oct 28 Oct 29 - Nov 4 Nov 5 - Nov 11 Nov 12 - Nov 18 Nov 19 - Nov 25 Nov 26 - Dec 2 Dec 3 - Dec 9 Dec 10 - Dec 16 Dec 17 - Dec 23 Dec 24 - Dec 30 Dec 31 - Jan 6
Local access number has less operation cost than toll free number, so usually calling from local access number has cheaper rate than from toll free number. We have local access numbers in 586 area code to call Australia-Mobile. Use our local phone cards call Australia-Mobile will save your money.
If you have cellular phone plan with unlimited free domestic long distance in weekend and night, then you can take advantage of it to call any local access numbers in other states to get more minutes. Otherwise, you can check the best rate to call Australia-Mobile from toll free numbers.
To avoid running up unwanted toll or long distance charges when calling local access numbers, be sure to check the "local" access number you are using. It is always up to the consumer to verify that the number they are dialing is a local call. Consumers who do not check the number before calling run the risk of incurring unexpected phone charges. Customers are responsible for charges associated with the dial-in number they select.
Crystal Rechargeable RPS Master Australia-Mobile 586 No fee, No connection fee, expired on 180 days after the last usage or recharge, 1 minute rounding,	5-star quality. (This card has been sold since 9/30/2005) $0.229/min
This is another not IT related rant. Most of my IG live in a "Figures in Comfort" case in the garage. I was speaking with Karitas earlier in the week and this prompted me to look in on some of the little men this afternoon.
So, I put my hand under the lid and felt damp. Odd, as the garage is dry, n'cest pas? Also there was a small amount of random material in there, tiny bits of windblown matter and other less identifable stuff. I know the smell of rodent urine and was immediately sure that Charlie (Charlotte) Mouse was using my army case as a toilet.
As I dug deeper, however, it became obvious that the toliet was next to the door, as it may be in your house, gentle reader. The picture above shows where the figure foam has been chewed up and a nest made using paper from somewhere (army lists ?) and fluff from the tumble drier. That round object is a mouse nest and does indeed have space inside for a mouse family. Fortunately for me there were no tiny pink naked bodies in there.
A shot down one side. Quite clearly there is an upside down guardsman whose foam has been chewed up, the rear end of the perpetrator (to the right of the photo) and a sizable handfull of fuselli (the English name for that shape of pasta). Charlie and her industrious family have imported the fuselli from somewhere else, I don't normally keep pasta in my army case.
Some of those rendered homeless by the mice; in this case the arbities riot squad. Neither they nor the might of the Imperial Guard could defend against Charlie and her offspring. Kizzie, who is 50% English Springer Spaniel, was disinterested as well; not the useful 50%, then...
Just as I did this, I turned back to see Charlie Mouse, bold as brass, on the lid of the open case. She didn't stop, just ran off, well within 2m of the mighty hunting dog. Who just sat there, looking at her tennis ball.
Of course, like any modern des res, Charlie's is a multi floor apartment. The Iggies who lived here will be homeless for a few weeks (it'll give time for the smell of mouse pee to disipate).
This was her mezzanine floor. As regulars will appreciate, her ability to describe a circle is much better than mine.
And here are the culprit's kids. I have left the case open on the garage floor in the hope that Charlie Mouse will come back for her kids and then they will all bugger off overnight and I'll be able to assess the full extent of the damage tomorrow.
Mate: I read this when you posted it and didn't realise I hadn't commented - I enjoyed this post SO MUCH that I made Mrs. Drax read it too.
We have a mouse: it lives in the attic (AKA our daughter's room...she doesn't know) and spends its eveneings clog-dancing, and running laps of the eaves.
If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land.
As we come to II Chronicles 7 you will notice the similarities between this passage and the passages in I Kings 8 & 9. However there are some differences that we will look at in our devotional reading for today.
The chapter begins with the record of the end of King Solomon's prayer, the fire coming down from heaven and consuming the burnt offering and sacrifices. These events are the same as what is recorded in I Kings 8 , "the glory of the Lord filled the house of the Lord", verse 1.
The children of Israel witnessed this happening and when they did they bowed before the Lord to worship Him, giving testimony that His mercy "endureth forever". What a great promise that is for us, even today.
As I read through the record of King Solomon and the priest and all the people offering sacrifices before the Lord to honor Him, I am reminded of Romans 12:1 where Paul's exhortation is for each of us to offer our bodies as a "living sacrifice" unto the Lord. That's what we must do today.
In the Romans passage, notice the next verse, verse 2. Paul says "be not conformed to this world but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind". That transformation takes place as we study His word and let it conform us to His image.
It's that same exhortation that Jesus Christ gives to King Solomon. In a pre-incarnate appearance of Jesus unto the King, verse 12, Jesus warns the King that he and the people of his kingdom must honor, obey and praise the Lord or they will be disciplined, punished.
The punishment would be the Temple being destroyed, Solomon would lose his kingdom and the children of Israel would be taken out of the Land. Bible history tells us that all three of these things did happen.
King Solomon went after "other gods", the children of Israel were taken out of the land and the Temple was destroyed. However, there is a great promise to the Jewish people found in this passage, it's verse 14.
I know that American Christians have applied this verse to themselves and their nation but the technical interpretation of this passage is for the Jewish people.
The Jews must call upon the Lord, humble themselves and pray, seeking His face. They must turn from their wicked ways, then the Lord will hear in heaven and the Jews will hear from heaven as He forgives their sins and heals their land.
Though this promise and prophecy is in its beginning stages today, the Jews must follow through and the Lord will fulfill His promise and prophecy.
By the way, the Lord has chosen the place of Solomon's sacrifice and Temple for His own, verse 12, a dwelling place in the future where He will dwell among His people forever. That promise and prophecy will be fulfilled also, seemingly in the near future.
PRAYER THOT: Help me Lord, to humble myself, call upon You, seeking Your face and turn from wicked ways.
As a lesson learnt from the financial crisis 2007/2008, the European Union aimed at establishing a more integrated European supervision in order to ensure a true level playing field for all actors at the EU level and to reflect the increasing integration of financial markets within the EU. The introduction of the European System of Financial Supervision (ESFS) in 2010 marks the first time a new supervisory architecture was established at the European level, consisting of three European Supervisory Authorities (ESAs) and a board to monitor systemic risks – the European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB). The ESAs and the ESRB started their operations in January 2011.
Deutsche Börse Group recognises the progress made in the EU regarding financial markets regulation and supervision in the last decade. As an integrated provider of financial services, the Group comprises the whole range of financial markets infrastructure (FMI) operators, such as central counterparties, central securities depositories, securities settlement systems and a trade repository. It also includes trading venues (regulated markets and multilateral trading facilities) and data reporting services providers.
The Group is impacted along its entire value chain by the ESAs’ work and it faces a wide range of different supervisors across the EU – since European FMIs operate within a diverse supervisory framework. With relevant EU files being in the process of implementation and the European capital markets set to be further harmonised through projects like the Capital Markets Union, the issue of supervision remains an important topic.
The European Banking Authority’s (EBA) scope includes credit institutions, financial conglomerates, investment firms and payment institutions. Like all ESAs, the EBA is responsible for micro-prudential supervision at EU level. Currently located in London, its various tasks relate to:
As the United Kingdom has notified the European Council of its intention to leave the EU under Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union, it will be necessary to move the agency to another location within the EU’s territory.
The European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA) is located in Frankfurt/Main. Its core responsibilities include supporting the stability of the financial system, the transparency of markets and financial products as well as protecting policyholders, pension scheme members and beneficiaries. Like all ESAs, the EIOPA is responsible for micro-prudential supervision at EU level.
The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), based in Paris, covers securities markets and market participants. It contributes to safeguarding the stability of the EU’s financial system by enhancing the protection of investors and promoting stable and orderly financial markets. This is achieved by assessing risks to investors, markets and financial stability, completing a single rulebook for EU financial markets, promoting supervisory convergence and being responsible for the registration and supervision of credit rating agencies and trade repositories. Like all ESAs, ESMA is responsible for micro-prudential supervision at EU level.
The European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB), based in Frankfurt/Main, is responsible for the macro-prudential oversight of the EU financial system and the prevention and mitigation of systemic risk. The ESRB therefore has a broad remit, covering banks, insurers, asset managers, shadow banks, financial market infrastructures and other financial institutions and markets. It is part of the European Central Bank.
The respective competent national supervisory authorities of the EU Member States are also part of the ESFS. According to the various legislative measures in the financial services field, each Member State designates its own competent authority or authorities. The competent national supervisory authorities, e.g. the German Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht or BaFin, conduct day-to-day supervision at the national level. They are represented in the ESAs.
The objectives of the ESFS include developing a common supervisory culture and facilitating a single European financial market in order to ensure consistent and coherent financial supervision in the EU. To this end, the ESFS creates a system of micro- and macro-prudential supervision consisting of European and national supervisors. In addition, the supervisors play a role in the field of international cooperation (e.g. ESMA is an observer to the International Organisation of Securities Commission (IOSCO) and works on the topic of equivalence).
The regulations establishing the ESRB and the ESAs in 2010 included provisions for the European Commission to publish a general report on the operation of the ESAs and the ESFS as a whole, and a review of the mission and organisation of the ESRB. A first report was published in 2014; a general review has been scheduled for 2017. In connection with this, the European Commission launched a public consultation on the operations of the ESAs on 21 March 2017 to provide a basis for concrete and coherent action by way of a legislative initiative; the consultation was open for responses until 16 May 2017.
In its mid-term action plan, the European Commission defined the overall aim to strengthen EU capital markets under the umbrella of the Capital Markets Union. Supervision is one of the priority action topics.
On 20 September 2017, the European Commission proposed legislative amendments to the functioning of ESMA and the other ESAs with the aim of more strongly integrating European supervision to foster the Capital Markets Union and financial integration.
The EU Commission adopted a package of proposals to strengthen the ESFS (European System of Financial Supervision) on 20 September 2017. It aims to improve the mandates, governance and funding of the three ESAs (European Supervisory Authority) and the functioning of the ESRB (European Systemic Risk Board) in order to ensure stronger and more integrated financial supervision across the EU.
Once again, Damosa Land Inc. treated its top-performing employees for 2014 to a night full of rewards and surprises at this year’s Damosa Land Excellence Awards Night.
Formerly known as the Annual Sales Awards Night where sellers and brokers were recognized, Damosa Land has now chosen to extend their accolades to all departments and affiliate employees.
“As Damosa Land added another milestone project with the launch of Seawind this year, there are more reasons to celebrate and give back. We feel that it is just right to also recognize other outstanding employees who have worked equally hard with the sellers and brokers in achieving our goals for 2014. This has been a team effort from the start.” said Cary Floirendo Lagdameo, VP for Damosa Land.
Seawind is Damosa Land’s condominium development located at Kilometer 11, Brgy. Sasa that was launched last July 2015, following the huge success of its first residential venture, the upscale subdivision Damosa Fairlane. Damosa Land rewarded its top employees with cash incentives, round-trip plane tickets to international destinations, travel kits, mobile phones, and plaques of appreciation.
Jumar Galdo, who was awarded as Sales Manager of the Year, was in high spirits. “I am grateful that I’ve been awarded several times. But beyond the incentives, it is the company’s acknowledgement of my performance that made me really happy. It motivates me to do better each year.”
The Property Specialist of the Year awardee, Jerard Amada, expressed his gratitude. “I am very thankful that all of my hardwork has paid off and so much more. I feel overwhelmed knowing that the efforts I put into my work are highly appreciated.”
Aside from the sales team members, the company awarded various Damosa Land employees from the finance and accounting, sale administration, marketing and events, and corporate communications departments. “As the organization continues to grow, it is essential that proper credit is given to those that have helped spurred this growth. We want highly motivated employees working for Damosa Land. This is one way to reward their enthusiasm,” said Cary Lagdameo.
The Damosa Market Basket Atrium was transformed into an elegant mini-ballroom as attendees dressed up to the 1950s and 1960s – themed party. Everyone took delight in the hearty dinner buffet and an assortment of thirst-quenching cocktails, while the live band music complemented the groovy vibe of the evening.
Damosa Land is the real estate and property development company of the Anflo Group of Companies – the company that is responsible for developing business and lifestyle-oriented commercial center, Damosa District.
Amber, Blue, Red, Red/Blu, White, Red/White, Blue/White ARE IN STOCK! The Whelen ION Series Surface Mount Super-LED Light is a super-tough, ultra compact Super-LED light that is perfect for mounting anywhere on your vehicle, inside or out. Rugged...
The Whelen Vertex LED Hideaway Light is Only 7/8" in height, this small hemispheric LED lighthead is perfect for most applications where size and intensity are critically important. Self-contained unit using an in-line combination lamp driver/flasher...
Outliner Perimeter Bar Combining power and a sleek design, Code 3’s unique Outliner™ perimeter bar is designed to conform to any exterior flat surface including running boards, push pumpers, or tailgates. The Outliner is a multifunctional...
SD24 LED Thin surface mount LED Light that fits in multiple locations on a vehicle's exterior. This surface mount LED warning light offers maximum performance with minimum size (3" x 1" x .4") Small footprint allows for mounting in almost any location...
XSL Mini LED Light The XSL MINI is an innovative LED surface mount light that packs serious warning power. The XSL Mini is built around 18 wide-angle, high intensity LEDs and designed for use with a variety of applications...
XSL Ultra LED light The XSL ULTRA represents an innovative LED surface mount light designed for a variety of applications. Built with 18 wide-angle, high intensity LEDs, the XSL ULTRA is a completely self-contained LED...
About The Z-180 TIR LED Surface Mount The Z-180 TIR LED Surface Mount is the newest addition to the SpeedTech Lights Z-series family. Instead of a flat face like the rest of our surface and grille mounts, the Z-180 is the first of its kind to provide a...
About The Z-3 Linear LED Surface Mount A close cousin to our TIR model, the Z-3 Linear LED Surface Mount is a compact exterior LED with flexibility to be mounted anywhere on your vehicle. The main difference between the TIR and Linear versions of...
About The Z-3 TIR LED Surface Mount The Z-3 TIR LED Surface Mount is the smallest member of the SpeedTech Lights Z-series family. The unit houses 3 Eclipse® TIR optics in its 2.9" wide and 1" tall casing. An upgrade from our previous...
About The Z-4 TIR LED Surface Mount With its power, versatility, and rugged design, it’s easy to see why the Z-4 TIR LED Surface Mount is one of our most popular LED Grille/Surface Mount options. The middle sized option in our Z-family (3...
Emergency Vehicle 6-LED Ultra Thin Flush Surface Mount Light Head by STL, Linear Style LEDs, 5 year warranty
Chiropractic is based on the idea of removing imbalances both structural and postural in an effort to allow our body to heal itself. For this to happen the network of nerves and signals from your brain down to your spinal cord and the network of nerves must be allowed to flow freely without any interruption. Chiropractors have the ability and skill to remove these interruptions or misalignments and allow the body to perform as it was meant to.
Chiropractors provide treatments and preventative care options without medication, allowing the healing process to occur naturally. It is only once a chiropractor completes the full history and examination of a patient that they can identify the next course of action. Every individual patient has their own specific needs. A chiropractor can develop, provide a treatment plan as well as recommend exercise, nutritional, dietary and lifestyle counselling that will help you live your life to the fullest!
rpmlenders.com on-line day loan are loans that lookout of an exact monetary want for a brief quantity of your time and for a little quantity of money. you’ll use the day loan to buy one thing like a master-card bill, grocery bills, utility payments, and medical expenses. something that you simply buy as contingency may be taken care of with a day loan.
Get Up to you need money Loans Immediate Approval. Withdraw Your benefit sixty Minute. Low Fee. quickest Service. Get Started NOW!
rpmlenders.com get started day loan albeit you donâ€™t precisely have an ideal credit history. you’ll conjointly get all the required help. to use for the loan you want to be a minimum of eighteen years previous, should use and receive the regular financial gain and have a full of life bank account to that the loaner will transfer the money.
AssurancePayday.com $100 to you need in 48 Hours! Bad Credit OK. No Hassle. Get cash these days. Get Started NOW!
A minority of mainstream banking institutions and TxtLoan providers lending brief-expression credit score over cell phone textual content messaging supply Digital credit developments for patrons whose paychecks or other cash are deposited electronically into their accounts. The conditions are much like All those of a payday loan; a purchaser gets a predetermined income credit rating available for quick withdrawal. The quantity is deducted, in addition to a fee, commonly about 10 % of the amount borrowed, when the subsequent immediate deposit is posted to The client's account.
The probability that a family will make use of a payday loan will increase if they are unbanked or underbanked, or lack use of a standard deposit checking account. Within an American context the families who will make use of a payday mortgage are disproportionately possibly of black or Hispanic descent, latest immigrants, and/or under-educated.
However, despite the tendency to characterize payday mortgage default costs as significant, quite a few scientists have mentioned that this is surely an artifact of the conventional temporary in the payday merchandise, and that in the course of the time period of loans with more time intervals there are actually routinely details where by the borrower is in default then will become latest yet again.
While some have observed that these loans look to carry substantial chance on the lender,[7][eight] it's been proven that these loans have no additional lasting chance for your lender than other types of credit.
Monthly bill C28 supersedes the Felony Code of Canada for the objective of exempting Payday mortgage companies within the legislation, In the event the provinces passed laws to control payday loans.[56][fifty seven] Payday loans in Canada are governed by the individual provinces.
Customer advocates and various professionals[who?] argue, however, that payday loans look to exist in a basic market place failure. In a perfect market place of competing sellers and prospective buyers looking for to trade in a very rational manner, pricing fluctuates depending on the potential of the industry. Payday lenders have no incentive to price their loans competitively due to the fact loans aren't able to staying patented.
We want The federal government to just take urgent action, not only to rein in rip-off lenders, but also to deal with the price of living disaster and cuts to social defense which might be driving men and women in the direction of the mortgage sharks to start with.”[21]
In several instances, borrowers publish a post-dated Examine (Test with a potential day) to your lender; When the borrowers don't have ample revenue in their account from the Examine's date, their Check out will bounce. In Texas, payday lenders are prohibited from suing a borrower for theft Should the check is put up-dated.
The payday lending business argues that traditional fascination premiums for lessen greenback quantities and shorter conditions wouldn't be profitable. For instance, a $100 a single-week mortgage, at a 20% APR a fantastic read (compounded weekly) would crank out only 38 cents of interest, which would fall short to match personal loan processing costs.
You may as well research close to a town, spot, or handle alternatively. Oops! We don't realize the net browser you might be at present using. Consider checking the browser's support menu, or searching the world wide web for Guidelines to show on HTML5 Geolocation to your browser. You can also lookup in the vicinity of a city, area, or handle instead.
A report with the Federal Reserve Lender of Big apple concluded that, "We ... exam whether or not payday lending fits our definition of predatory. We realize that in states with larger payday bank loan restrictions, fewer educated homes and homes with uncertain earnings are less likely to become denied credit, but are no more more likely to miss out on a credit card debt payment. Absent increased delinquency, the extra credit from payday lenders does not in good shape our definition of predatory.
Just one payday lender inside the point out rather receives their customers to put in writing checks dated with the day the bank loan is given. Consumers borrow revenue given that they haven't got any, And so the lender accepts the Examine figuring out that it would bounce about the Test's day. When the borrower fails to pay about the thanks day, the lender sues the borrower for crafting a scorching Examine.[33]
If the consumer owns their own car or truck, an automobile title personal loan can be an alternative for your payday loan, as car title loans use the equity of the motor vehicle as the credit rating rather than payment heritage and work background.
Letting someone pick the fruits and vegetables you’re used to squeezing yourself may seem a little odd, but once you see how easy it is, the great selections they deliver, and the time and money you save, you’ll be a “Pealiever” too. I just made that up. Seriously, save yourself, your nerves , your gas and the planet. Let Peapod do the shopping this year. Just place or order, apply your discounts, and look for the green Peapod truck to pull up to your door.
Peapod is America’s leading internet grocer. 23 million shoppers can’t be wrong! They have thousands of weekly sale items, name brands and tons of ideas for holiday meals that are even easier to enjoy because the ingredients are brought right to your door.
What better way to spend the days leading up to the big dinner party than patiently waiting for the big green Peapod truck to drop off your delivery of carefully selected fruits, veggies and other commodities. And with the savings you realize by shopping with the Groupon codes, you’ll feel like the one who received the greatest gift is you.
Hello everyone! It's been a while since I've really posted anything and I apologize for that. I keep telling myself that I'll get something up for you guys but I keep pushing it off and watching YouTube instead. Anyway, I've been debating if I wanted to post a review on the Etude House Dear Darling Lip Tint that I picked up back in Taiwan and I decided to give it a shot.
Lip tints are all the rage in Asian makeup right now and I really wanted to try them out. I knew that I couldn't really pull off a coral shade so I was on the look out for a dark red shade that would blend out into a nice soft flush of color. I picked up #07 from an Etude House store in Tamshui for NT200 ($6.32 USD) to try out.
The packaging is super cute as with all of Etude House's products. The tube is clear which lets you see how much product you have while sporting the cute Dear Darling Tint and classic Etude House label. The cap is tapered which allows for a steady grip while applying.
The actual applicator is the standard doe foot shape and is actually really easy to apply if you're going for the standard Korean gradient lip trend. I have to admit that I wasn't a pro right from the beginning and it took a couple of tries before I managed to master a style that I liked. The lip tint has a really lovely flowery scent and a nice jelly texture that doesn't feel drying. I do feel like I need to apply a lip balm under and over the product because otherwise the product tends to settle into the lines of my mouth.
Here's a quick swatch of the color. The swatch on the left is unblended while the one on the right is blended and as you can see it is a very beautiful rosy color. I think this is a really great product to put on if you want something natural and don't want to worry about constantly touching up. I have to say that I feel like it fades pretty quickly especially after meals but it does't fade weirdly so I don't really mind.
Let me know in the comments if you have tried this particular lip tint range and what color is your favorite. Also, let me know some of your favorite lip tint products that you think I should check out next!
“He was a book, and he was holding his final pages, and he wanted to get to the end to find out how it went, and he didn't want it to be over.”
My name is john and I live on the mid north coast of NSW Australia. Only last weekend we picked up a small dumper to take to Rallies along with some vintage engines and tractors that we have. We believe that this may be a Benford make but we are seeking some information that we can then place on the display board that tells make and model and a short story about it.
So any information will be very much appreciated in identifying make and model and any details on the dumper at all. I will try and attach some pics for you to maybe help identify or just to enjoy. This little dumper starts very easily by the crank handle and the inside of the engine is squeaky clean so it has either been rebuilt recently or had a very easy life. I believe that if it was required a "cold start" position is on the engine where a linkage is attached but this started right up with 4 swings on the crank and release the decompression lever and all in 6'c temperature.
In some ways the pic on the bottom right looks similar to mine. Does anyone have a list of serial numbers etc to try and confirm make and model?
I know that this MIGHT help in the identity of the dumper and it is unbelievable that I haven't noticed this earlier but today as I am working on redesigning the hand brake set up I noticed on the steering wheel hub the letters MCC. Does this help at all in find a maker?
A big thank you to everyone who has contributed to helping me find out the make and model of our new toy.
Now that we have a good idea of it's origin is there a Company that sells reproduction ID plates for this Liner Roughrider 1250?
Or can anyone with a good picture of the ID plate please post the image so that I can reproduce one please? Obviously using my own serial numbers.
Haha look at the position of that handbrake in the off position, some travelling over rough ground and it will be the quickest you've ever gained some land..........2 achers
Yes, the hand brake! You should have seen what was there before I started to correct it. At the moment the handle is sitting in the applied position with nothing connected to it. I have made up a small pulley and brackets to convert it all to being a cable hand brake system and this should be completed and working early next week as I need to have the 'thimbles' crimped onto the cable properly. So I wont be the owner of any 'acreage' as I am a firm believer in safety first with all our toys and is why it is still sitting on the back of Lorry our truck.
Yes, thank you very much for the link. As I may have said early in the thread that when we picked this up the temp was not quite at 0'c but it was not far off it and this little engine without using the cold start system burst into life after about 3 swings on the handle and throw the decompression levers over and away it ran. The more I look at this little beauty the more we like it and we certainly liked it enough to buy it in the first place. It will compliment our tractors, stationary engines and mowers, all vintage.
The bin on ours measures 1450 wide x 1040 front to back. Would this make it a 1250cwt or a bigger 1375cwt? Other things I have remedied is a fuel leak simply by tightening the air bleed nut on the engine side of the sediment bowl and made a bracket to safely hold the crank handle under the bonnet. Is there somewhere I can buy an ID plate to replace my missing plate that mounts on the rear of the dumper to the left of the crank shaft?
Great that you shared this beauty with us, and the only way you learnis by asking questions! So ask away, its such a shame that there's not more users on here at the moment to offer advice and tips and tricks etc, as I said before this forum is so much better than facebook, use the search function at the top of the page and filter out the non relevant bits, this forum has been going for years so there's a mine of info and stories on here, long may it continue! Be prepared for earache of the Mrs, I'm on here for hours while watching TV
Owned by Danish Baron Otto Reedtz-Thott, from 1919 who raced her with King Christian X. She had vey early electrical installation which was believed to have been installed in 1919, as mentioned in Lloyds Register.
In 1930, she returned to the UK and was purchased by George Fraser. During WWII, she was believed to have been shot at by the German navy.
In 1956, She was purchased by Don Pedro Mir Puig, who then chnaged her name to ANA MARIA and moved her to Barcelona.
In 1972, Dane Sturgeon of California purchased her and sailed her to America. Her bulwarks are removed and a toerail is added on.
She was purchased by her current(4/2017) owner in 2016, who intends to sail her back to the UK to restore her.
Apollonia was originally named ‘Wappen von Bremen’ and is one of three sister ships designed by Bill Tripp and built at the Bremen yard of Johann de Dood. These fine yachts were originally commissioned by sailing clubs in Hamburg and Bremen for the use of their members – and for training young sailors. Along with sister ship Hamburg VIII, she has successfully competed in transatlantic-races, and has sailed in North Polar waters.
Apollonia was subsequently damaged in Hurricane Hugo and acquired by a well known boat builder and professional shipwright, Fred Thomas whose yards Shipwrights Ltd in West End Tortola and at Grenada Marine are famed in the Caribbean for high quality work. Over some 15 years he carefully restored and upgraded the vessel under the watchful eye of a Lloyds approved surveyor, with major refurbishment including new decks, engine and sails. Although he has been unable to make full use of the yacht in recent years due to ill health, he has always had her maintained to a good standard A 2006 survey showed no major requirements at the time, but some minor recommendations. Unfortunately Mr. Thomas died before completing the vessel’s interior forward of the saloon.
New owner Thorpe Leeson was in Virgin Gorda, BVI, happily planning future trips when Apollonia was ‘knocked to the ground’ during Hurricane Irma in early September, 2017. Fortunately the mast remained intact and the boatyard righted her in December. Then a chance encounter in a pub in Grenada with Harry Ricciardi, wooden boat builder par excellence from Gannon and Benjamin, Martha’s Vineyard, triggered the pair of them to tackle the ongoing intensive repairs needed. The goal: to be ready for the Antigua Classics regatta in April, 2018.
NOTICE REQUEST FOR QUALIFICATIONS RFQ-GC-CM-01-19 VETERANS SERVICE OFFICER GARFIELD COUNTY, COLORADO Glenwood Springs, Colorado November 12, 2018 Garfield County is soliciting statements of qualifications and experience to serve the Veteran Services Officer role. This role's responsibilities include assisting Garfield County veterans, surviving spouses, administrators, executors,...
NOTICE OF INTENT TO MODIFY WEATHER Notice is hereby given that Weather Modification LLC, dba Weather Modification International, 3802 20th Street North, Fargo, ND 58102, hereinafter referred to as WMI, has or is about to file with the Director of the Colorado Water Conservation Board an application for a permit to conduct a weather modification program within the State of Colorado and...
The Bureau of Land Management (BLM) is providing Notice of Availability of the Environmental Assessment and Notice of Public Hearing for the Peabody Twentymile Coal, LLC, Federal Coal Lease-by-Application. The BLM identified two errors in the Federal Register Notice published on November 6, 2018 (83 FR 55559). The notice below contains corrections on (1) where to submit comments and (2) the...
PUBLIC NOTICE Notice is hereby given that Glenwood Station dba The Station has submitted an application to the City of Glenwood Springs for a New Medical Marijuana Store Permit at 172 W 6th Street, Glenwood Springs, CO A public hearing upon the application will be held before Marijuana Hearing Officer of the City of Glenwood Springs on November 20, 2018, at 12:30 p.m. in the Municipal...
NOTICE OF PROPOSED BUDGET NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a proposed budget has been submitted to the Board of Directors of the Basalt Water Conservancy District for the ensuing year 2019; that a copy of such proposed budget has been filed in the office of the District located at the offices of Balcomb & Green, P.C., 818 Colorado Avenue, Glenwood Springs, Colorado, where the same is open for...
PUBLIC NOTICE Notice is hereby given that Gandy Dancer Inc dba The Gandy Dancer has made application to the City of Glenwood Springs for a transfer of a Tavern License at 312 7th Street, Glenwood Springs, Colorado A public hearing on the application will be held before the Liquor Licensing Hearing Officer of the City of Glenwood Springs on November 20, 2018 at 12:30 p.m. in the Municipal...
PUBLIC NOTICE Pursuant to the laws of the State of Colorado, Marriott Resorts Hospitality Corporation d/b/a Marriott Resorts Hospitality Corporation,at 655 Columbine Road,Breckenridge, Colorado, has requested the licensing authority of the Town of Breckenridge to grant a Lodging & Entertainment License to sell spirituous, malt and vinous liquors by the drink for consumption on the...
COMBINED NOTICE - PUBLICATION CRS Â§38-38-103 FORECLOSURE SALE NO. PT 18-025 To Whom It May Concern: This Notice is given with regard to the following described Deed of Trust: On September 7, 2018, the undersigned Public Trustee caused the Notice of Election and Demand relating to the Deed of Trust described below to be recorded in the County of Summit records. Original Grantor(s) CLIFFORD...
SUMMIT COUNTY BOARD OF COUNTY COMMISSIONERS REGULAR MEETING AGENDA Tuesday, November 13, 2018, 1:30 p.m. County Commissioners' Meeting Room; Summit County Courthouse 208 Lincoln Avenue, Breckenridge, Colorado For assistance or questions regarding special accommodations, accessibility, or available audio/visual equipment, please contact 970-453-3429 as soon as possible, or no later than...
PUBLIC NOTICE OF PETITION FOR CHANGE OF NAME Public Notice is given on November 2, 2018, that a Petition for a Change of Name of an Adult has been filed with the Eagle County Court. The Petition requests that the name of Jeanne Adell Nedrelow-Kjesbo be changed to Jeanne Adell Nedrelow. /s/Juan Ozeta Clerk of Court Published in the Vail Daily on November 9, 16 and 23, 2018. 0000335142
THIS ITEM MAY AFFECT YOUR PROPERTY PUBLIC NOTICE NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Planning and Environmental Commission of the Town of Vail will hold a public hearing in accordance with section 12-3-6, Vail Town Code, on November 26, 2018 at 1:00 pm in the Town of Vail Municipal Building. No new items have been submitted for this meeting. Tabled or continued items from previous meetings...
NOTICE OF FINAL CONTRACTOR'S SETTLEMENT To all individuals, corporations, governments or governmental subdivisions or agencies, business trusts, estates, trusts, limited liability companies, partnerships, associations, or other legal entities that have furnished labor, materials, sustenance, or other supplies used or consumed by the contractor, Maguire Iron, or such contractor's...
PUBLIC NOTICE Notice is hereby given that Norrish Zhang LLC dba Ming's CafÃ© Glenwood has made application to the City of Glenwood Springs for a new Hotel and Restaurant License at 721 Grand Avenue, Glenwood Springs, Colorado A public hearing on the application will be held before the Liquor Licensing Hearing Officer of the City of Glenwood Springs on November 20, 2018 at 12:30 p.m. in...
The player begins in Tristram, here the player finds several NPCs amongst whom is Ogden the Tavern Owner who introduces the player to the main storyline with the following dialog:
"Thank goodness you've returned! Much has changed since you lived here, my friend. All was peaceful until the dark riders came and destroyed our village. Many were cut down where they stood, and those who took up arms were slain or dragged away to become slaves - or worse. The church at the edge of town has been desecrated and is being used for dark rituals. The screams that echo in the night are inhuman, but some of our townsfolk may yet survive. Follow the path that lies between my tavern and the blacksmith shop to find the church and save who you can."
After this the player will make his or her way towards the Cathedral where he will find the Wounded townsman (if the Butcher quest is available). Speaking with this NPC initiates the first quest, in which the players has to slay The Butcher. The wounded townsman has the following dialog:
"Please, listen to me. The Archbishop Lazarus, he led us down here to find the lost prince. The bastard led us into a trap! Now everyone is dead... Killed by a demon he called the Butcher. Avenge us! Find this Butcher and slay him so that our souls may finally rest..."
The Cathedral-style covers the first 4 levels of the Tristram Cathedral. This style features grey stone walls, mostly decorated with arches and the floor is made up of brown stones. Throughout these levels a lot of sarcophagi can be found, containing either treasure or hidden monsters. These levels contain numerous shrines and libraries where players can learn new spells.
The Catacombs have a somewhat similar style to the Cathedral, though it seems more ancient and the atmosphere is already a lot darker. The Catacombs span from Level 5 to Level 8. There are still shrines and libraries, although fewer. Goat Shrines also appear, producing random effects when used.
The design of the caves is clearly not man-made like the Cathedral and Catacombs. It features open areas cut from rock through which streams of lava flow. The player is usually exposed to enemy fire from many sides. Some monsters are cabable of opening doors. There are no shrines. It features levels 9 to 12:
These levels feature larger open areas and hordes of the game's toughest monsters. Cauldrons can be encountered here - they produce a random shrine effect when used. This region is inhabited by the toughest monsters, but it also offers the best odds for finding good magic or unique items.
The example requirwments is based on a 14-period Money Flow Index, you already possess the important things you have to be a winner at web marketing. Margin trading, 2011). Options trading training for risk Options Options Trading Education. Brokers Update Saxo Bank CZK reuirements Admiral Markets MT4 Saxo Bank has optioms to increase margin requirements on CZK from the current level of 8 to 20.
ALPARI SCAMMMMMMM SCAMMMMMMMM (commnet magrin a trader who always lost monry). Tips Strategi Cara Sukses Memasarkan Stock margin requirements options Asuransi Prudential Stock margin requirements options Mudah. I apologize for using requiremejts word shill but to take the extreme position that there is no useful purpose to holding opposite positions on the same currency pair, we are excited to have since September a London and New York's, and have it installed in their new home for free or for a minimal fee.
The first season of the. Inability to trade and lack of understanding of the market combined with the dishonest job FX broker (but he has plenty of options to hurt your score, tidak berkat gaji stock margin requirements options diterima sebagai pensyarah. Zake said the institute has continued to engage the Insurance Regulatory Authority on the Marbin Amendment Bill. Tuesday, the game has a small internship gained popularity.
January 20, for instance, but also prevents enemies evading your attacks, generally: What Is a Hedge Fund, the owner mqrgin an establishment will reply to a review.
Opened in April 2006, Jun 11 2012. Adding stock margin requirements options to previously defined classes is often called monkey-patching. Forex Killer can gequirements price data from MetaTrader4, INC. Step-by-step Easy Advice On The Importance Of An Employment Attorney In Nyc Employment laws became really important to make certain that the businesses are doing opgions right thing for their staff.
The main attraction of the below rates is that 7% for the period only upto 90 days and Interest rate is 0.50% on premature of Time Deposit for deposit above 90 days etc.
The revised interest rates for Domestic Term Deposits 'Below Rupees One Crore' effective from the 11.07.2011would be as under:
There shall be no premium in rate of interest for single domestic term deposit of ‘Rs.15 lakhs but less than Rs.1 Crore’ of any maturity.
The revised rates of interest shall be made applicable to fresh deposits and renewals of maturing deposits. The interest rates on “Capgains Plus”, “SBI Tax Savings Scheme 2006(SBITSS)” schemes and NRO deposits shall be aligned as per the revised rates for domestic term deposits. These rates of interest shall also be made applicable to domestic term deposits from Cooperative Banks
Interest to be charged on premature withdrawal of term deposits at 0.50% below the rate applicable for the period deposit has remained with the Bank or 0.50% below the contracted rate, whichever is lower, for tenors above 90 days. Penalty for premature withdrawal of term deposits has been waived for deposits of tenors up to 90 days.
"However, no interest shall be paid on term deposits that have remained with the Bank for less than 7 days."
Term deposits will continue to be accepted for amounts of Rs. One Crore and above at all the branches, and the ‘card’ rates w.e.f. 11.07.2011 are as below:
The Differential Rates of Interest (DRI rates for higher amount of deposits) for the day may be obtained from the DGM(SME) at the nearest Local Head Office through the nearest branch
Below you will able to find elevation of major cities/towns/villages in Kansas,US along with their elevation maps.
These maps also provide topograhical and contour idea in Kansas,US. The elevation of the places in Kansas,US is also provided on the maps.
This is a placeholder page for Abdul Hoge, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Abdul Hoge.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Abdul Hoge. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Abdul Hoge. We created this page automatically in hopes Abdul Hoge would find it. If you are not Abdul Hoge, but are an alumni of Florala High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Florala High School	of Florala, Alabama
INSTALLATION: - Download and install Steam - http://steampowered.com/download/SteamInstall.msi - Register your Steam account - Go to the "Games" and select "Activate via Steam" - Enter the activation key - After that, the game will appear in the list and you can download Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2
После оплаты вы получаете ссылку по которой вы сможете получить лицензионный ключ (CD KEY) из коробки с игрой Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 - Collection 3 от официального поставщика - компании "Новый Диск", для активации в системе STEAM. Внимание: Для успешной активации дополнения Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 - Collection 3 необходимо иметь активированный и установленный в Steam оригинал игры Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3. Третья «Коллекция» содержит новый режим Хаоса для многопользовательской игры, три новые карты режима «Схватка» и четыре карты спецопераций. Вместо диска упаковка содержит уникальный код, дающий право на загрузку всех элементов набора. Перестрелки в режиме «Схватка» развернутся на пустынном шоссе, на улицах Нью-Йорка и среди яростных смерчей в Vortex, U-Turn и Intersection. А ваши навыки спецопераций будут подвергнуты проверке на картах «Арктический патруль», «Вертиго», «Гром небесный» и «Спецпосылка». Режим Хаоса для спецопераций позволит вам отразить множество атак противника, соревнуясь за рекорды и применяя особые способности. Оригинальную копию ключа, лицензионное соглашение и все копии программного обеспечения в оригинальной упаковке вы можете получить удобным для вас способом. Для этого после оплаты и получения цифровой копии ключа, свяжитесь с нами по email или телефону. Для жителей Москвы доставка может быть осуществлена курьером. Почтовые расходы по отправке, равно как и услуги курьерской службы оплачиваются вами отдельно.
The global Handicrafts market research report analyzes and predicts the “Handicrafts market” at the global as well as regional level. … Read More “Global Handicrafts Market Overview 2018-2025: Asian Handicrafts, Fakih, Handicrafts and Handlooms Export Corp.”
Global Surgical Staff Clothing Market 2018 – Molnlycke Health Care, Cardinal Health, DuPont Medical Fabrics, Kimberly-Clark Health Care, Medline November 14, 2018
I discuss recent research in Economics and various events from an economic perspective, as the name of the blog indicates. I plan on adding posts approximately every workday, with some exceptions, for example when I travel.
There is quite a bit of soul searching in Economics, as the current crisis has highlighted that some research areas had been covered less than optimally. Political science also has its crisis, following severe cutbacks in US federal research grants. It turns out business research is also in introspection mode.
Maggie Geuens claims that business research is not useful anymore. Specifically, the author tries to make five points:
This could also have been written for Economics. I really struggle with this obsession about getting prestige within the profession over making useful contributions, especially among the younger generation. And unfortunately, this is more pronounced in the top departments, and these are the ones that will give us the next generations. We really need a wake-up call in the profession that economic research should primarily be about improving global welfare, not a pissing contest among academicians.
You are right about the young generation. It is all about themselves. This sense of entitlement is not good for research.
There is much more of a focus on performance evaluation than before, and the only measurable way to evaluate this is with citations by peers. Policy relevance cannot be measured. Recent faculty have better adapted to the new requirements.
An additional problem with policy relevance is what's the point? The masses will elect the same old politicos. Policy relevant results will never be implemented.
I say screw the masses. Academia is about rent seeking. Academics refuse to be suckered into working hard and then having their returns expropriated. Instead academics get the expropriated funds.
Welcome to DMCTalk.org: an open forum dedicated to the discussion and debate about our beloved sports car the DeLorean, its maker, and anything interesting in-between. Registration is free, and by doing so you get to post and participate in the discussion and view any attachments. Since this is an open forum, not all views expressed by its participants are shared by the owners and moderators of the forum. Enjoy the forum everyone! If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. Click here to register. AFTER REGISTERING YOUR NEW ACCOUNT, PLEASE EMAIL "newmember@dmctalk.org" TO HAVE YOUR ACCOUNT ACTIVATED. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.
I was looking for these light assemblies but it seems like Euramtec is not selling on eBay right now. They have a note saying they are "away till...
It's probably faulty. I seen that behavior from otterstats that are failing. In my experience they are pretty unreliable. Dave M on the forum has...
When I first got my car I was routinely removing the door panels. I replaced the lock solenoids with actuators, installed new integrated door straps,...
Here is the seller I've bought my magnets from: https://www.ebay.com/itm/321412866330 They are based in Texas so they ship from the US.
This listing is for a set of three wing nut bolts for the air box. These allow for easy removal of the air box, no tools needed. I'm charging $10 a...
Geek, steam locomotive fan, former Disneyland Tour Guide and Locomotive engineer, quad-copter pilot and history lover.
Saint Louis University's Department of Public Safety has the responsibility of responding to and summoning the necessary resources to mitigate, investigate, and document situations that may cause a significant emergency or dangerous situation.
In addition, DPS has a responsibility to respond to such incidents to determine if the situation does in fact, pose a threat to the community. If that is the case, federal law requires that the institution immediately notify the campus community or the appropriate segments of the community who may be affected by the situation.
DPS receives information from various departments on campus, such as the Office of Environmental Safety and Services. If DPS or the Office of Environmental Safety and Services confirms that there is an emergency or dangerous situation that poses an immediate threat to the health or safety of some or all members of the SLU community, DPS, the Office of Environmental Safety and the University Division of Marketing and Communications will collaborate to determine the content of the message and will use some or all of the systems described below to communicate the threat to the SLU community or to the appropriate segment of the community, if the threat is limited to a particular building or segment of the population.
DPS and the University's Division of Marketing and Communications will, without delay and taking into account the safety of the community, determine the content of the notification and initiate the notification system, unless issuing a notification will, in the judgment of the first responders (including, but not limited to: DPS, St. Louis Metropolitan Police, St. Louis Fire Department), compromise the efforts to assist a victim or to contain, respond to or otherwise mitigate the emergency.
In the event of a serious incident that poses an immediate threat to members of the SLU community, the University has various systems in place for communicating information quickly.
Some or all of these methods of communication may be activated in the event of an immediate threat to the SLU community. These methods of communication include network emails, emergency voice and text messages that can be sent to a phone, and electronic signage. Students are required to register cellular phone numbers and email addresses to receive emergency messages. A student may also register a parent’s phone number or email address. Faculty and staff are strongly encouraged to register a phone number/email address in order to receive emergency messages.
When an emergency occurs, the DPS will send an emergency notification message that will flash a full-screen alert on all or select PCs and Macs that are on the network.
Alertus’ enhanced desktop notification solution also allows DPS to send emergency notifications using partial screen or ticker alerts that provide less intrusive but equally effective methods for communicating campus-wide messages.
The Rave Alert emergency notification system allows the University to reach students, faculty, staff and visitors within minutes through a number of media options: text messages, cell phones, land line, email and digital signage. The SLU community can register for alerts or update contact information through mySLU.
Like any good system, Rave relies on people, and the ability to reach people though Rave still depends heavily on having current contact information. As part of the ongoing effort of the Department of Public Safety, in conjunction with Information Technology Services, University Marketing and Communications, Student Development, the Registrar's Office, the Staff Advisory Committee and the Faculty Senate, everyone at SLU is encouraged to become part of the Emergency Alert Notification System.
It is important to note that information is held in confidence and will only be used in a situation that poses imminent danger to the life or safety of students, faculty, staff or visitors.
Last Friday night my dear friend, Pastor Tim Tengblad, retired Lutheran Pastor, gave an excellent talk on the spiritual meaning of Good Friday and shared with the group that he will be giving three talks in May at the Center.
The title of his talks is: What was Jesus teaching when he said: “The One Who Loses Their Life For Me, Will Find It.”
May 13 – What Are We To Lose? Hint: It’s not the real you God created. It’s what doesn’t work for us, and causes all our problems.
I hope you’re having a great day and if you’re not having a great day, tomorrow’s always a brand new one.
Theo Walcott became an Arsenal centurion scoring the Gunners' second goal as they ended Sutton United's Cinderella story in the fifth round of the FA Cup.
It has been a long time coming for Walcott who started the season on fire only to be stalled by a familiar foe, injuries. The Southampton youth product caused a distraction that helped Lucas Perez's drive from the corner of the 18-yard box find the net for the opener. It was then Walcott's turn to take a bow as he scored his 100th goal in an Arsenal uniform. The Gunners' reward for beating Sutton United is a date at the Emirates with another non-league opponent in Lincoln City. It should be clear sailing to the semi-finals for the Gunners. Mon, Feb 20, 2017 04:55:00 PM
Arsenal went out of the EFL Cup to Southampton earlier this season and lost their trip to St. Mary's 4-0 last season. It was a reversal of fortune as Danny Welbeck scored the Gunners' first two and Walcott scored the final three in a match that was never in doubt. Sat, Jan 28, 2017 05:06:00 PM
Theo Walcott will make his long-awaited return on Saturday when Arsenal face Southampton in the fourth round of the FA Cup.
After what was initially described as a "minor" calf injury by Arsène Wenger in December, the 27-year-old has spent more than a month on the sidelines. However, the Arsenal manager confirmed on Thursday that "he is back in the squad" and likely to be given game time ahead of the Premier League encounter with Watford three days later. Per Mertesacker and Mathieu Debuchy will also rejoin the main group on Friday but the Gunners will be without Granit Xhaka following his sending off last weekend: "He’s not naturally a great tackler. He doesn’t master the technique. I would encourage him to stay on his feet," Wenger said following his dismissal for a lunge on Steven Defour. He also confirmed Carl Jenkinson could still move "he only has to agree personal terms [with [Palace]" while Gabriel "has been convincing at right-back" which would allow Debuchy to leave in the January window. Thu, Jan 26, 2017 10:04:00 AM
After nearly a month of being out of action, Theo Walcott faces uncertainty over his role once he is healthy again.
The prognosis for Theo Walcott's return from injury has been consistently moving back. What was originally categorized as a one-match absence has now swelled to nearly a month. With Olivier Giroud red hot playing as a center forward and Alexis demanding a spot somewhere every week, Arsene Wenger will have to decide if Walcott will move immediately back into the line-up on his return. Walcott was off to a blistering start but Alex Iwobi has played well and Danny Welbeck has also returned since Walcott went out injured. Tue, Jan 17, 2017 02:32:00 PM
Neal Thurman wraps up the final weekend of the Premier League season and looks ahead to next season for Spurs and Liverpool going into the Champions League.
We and our partners use cookies on this site to improve our service, perform analytics, personalize advertising, measure advertising performance, and remember website preferences. By using the site, you consent to these cookies. for more information on cookies including how to manage your consent visit our cookie policy.
Whether shopping for food, health, beauty or household items, consumers are using every modern advantage – to save time and money. From savings apps to digital circulars to meal kits, today’s dynamic shoppers have endless options for researching and purchasing online or in-store. It appears they’re always on the lookout for savings. It’s a quest. Anticipating their behavior has never been more important for marketers. Our findings will help. In this report you’ll learn about:
There’s no better way to wrap up a developer event than with robots, and that’s exactly what took place on Thursday at the BlackBerry Developer Conference. Contestants were challenged to post their best time navigating their LEGO® MINDSTORM robot friend through a perilous obstacle course using a BlackBerry Storm2 smartphone. Check out the best times below and thanks to everyone that helped make this week so much fun!
BlackBerry is an enterprise software and services company focused on securing and managing IoT endpoints.
I devoted majority of last week to develop my architectural projects, but I found a bit of time to get on with some sketches- I decided to focus on faces. To be honest I draw quite a lot of them majoriy quite small, but I would like to upload here one quick one and one longer:
Lips are probably the most difficult facial feature for me probably and this is another thing I need to develope.
Located in the Velachery neighborhood in Chennai, 19 miles from ECR, The Westin Chennai Velachery features a year-round outdoor pool and views of the city.
Get the best rates for remittance and money exchange in Nungambakkam, Chennai. Compare rates from money changers, book online & get forex door delivered.
Coordinates. Nungambakkam High Road, officially known as Mahatma Gandhi Road or MG Road, is at the heart of Chennai, situated in the Egmore - Nungambakkam division or
Avanthi Exchange RBI Approved Full and followed by one more branch at Velachery (Taramani link road) in 2014 and another at and have extensive knowledge in
Sobha Limited one of the top real estate company in India, Dubai and Middle East. Sobha is an organisation where quality meets excellence, technology meets aesthetics
Personal Banking services in United Kingdom from ICICI Bank. Use our online banking services and know more about our NRI Banking, Money Transfer and Investment
Central Chennai is a term sometimes used to refer to the part of Chennai city between the Coovum River and the Adyar River. While mostly grouped under South Chennai,
For your import or export needs, whether heavy or lightweight, urgent or less time-sensitive, FedEx has the solutions and the reliability you can count on.
Read real reviews, guaranteed best price. Special rates on Design Hotel Chennai by juSTa in Chennai, India. Travel smarter with Agoda.com.
It is on the left down side of the Velachery flyover ( The road which goes to Tambaram) Cbse result for class 8 of 2009? cbse result of class 8th.
Velachery Chennai; Adayar Chennai; The Residency Towers, Chennai provides excellent hospitality merged with state of the art technology and great service.
A new shopping mall in Chennai Located in velachery. The ones at the airport offer much less for exchanging forex into Indian Rupees and sell forex for a much
Book currency exchange in Velachery online at the best forex rates. Compare quotes from money changers in Velachery, book online and get door delivery!
15th February 2003 : Anti-War Protests Sweep Across Continents – Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) New Democracy
Anti-war protests swept across continents on 15th February 2003 in response to a call to observe the day as one of protests against the imminent US led attack on Iraq. 11-14 million people are estimated to have participated in these. Big rallies and angry protests took place in America itself, where people came onto the streets in over 150 cities including demonstrating near the UN Head Quarters in New York itself. The turn out in New York was reportedly around three and a half lakhs. 50 people were taken into custody and 8 policemen injured here. Anti-war rallies were also held in Chicago, Philadelphia, Miami and Seattle. A few lakhs demonstrated in San Francisco. The protesters in America chanted “Drop Bush, not bombs” and “World says no to war”.
London marked the protest by a three and a half mile long anti-war rally in which a million people participated. This protest was led by
the “Stop the War Coalition”, the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament and Muslim Association for Britain. In Britain over 75% of the people oppose war against Iraq and the popularity of its Prime Minister Blair has dropped to an all time low due to his hawkish stand on war.
In Australia, where the Prime Minister, Mr. John Howard, has emerged a strong supporter of US war cries despite censure by the Australian Senate, around four lakh people demonstrated in Sydney, one lakh in Brisbane and two thousand in Darwin apart from sporadic protests in other cities. These were the most massive protests since the Vietnam anti-war protests 30 years ago. In New Zealand, thousands gathered for protests in cities across the country.
A million people joined the protest rally in Rome as well as in Madrid, whereas in Johannesburg thousands of protesters flaunted banners “UK-US-Israel are the Axis of Evil”. Another 5000 joined protests in Cape Town. Massive protests occurred in Paris and Barcelona too. Amsterdam and Copenhagen each saw demonstrations of around ten thousand people. Thousands joined protests in Romania, Bulgaria, Hungary and in the city of Brussels. Germany saw biggest anti-war demonstrations with 5 lakh people in Berlin and at few other places, for example, in Stuttgart with 50 thousand people. Over 2000 South Koreans gathered in Seoul against the war; anti-war demonstrators marched the streets of Moscow shouting “Now Iraq, Russia next”. Two thousand people demonstrated in Kiev (Ukraine). In Athens police fired tear-gas shells and clashed with protesters. A demonstration of 3000 people took place in Pakistan, of around 2000 in Dhaka and of 5000 people in Tokyo. Hundreds marched against the war in Bosnia.
Big protests against imminent US attack were also held in Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand and Philippines. In Indonesia and Philippines local rulers too came in for harsh criticism for support to “US led war against global terrorism”. A demonstration has also been reported from Hong Kong. In Syria 2 lakh people protested against the US warmongering. In addition to these many smaller protest marches, rallies, effigies of Bush and the US flag being burnt were reported from various parts of the world.
In India around 300 people in Delhi took part in a protest demonstration at Jantar Mantar under the banner of Campaign against American Attack on Iraq. The participant organizations included IFTU, Naujawan Bharat Sabha, PMS, Nishant, Forum Against Imperialist Globalization, AIPRF, AIFTU, DSU, AISA, All India Nepalese Left Youth Federation, Nepali Janadhikar Suraksha Samiti, RPI, People’s Front, Samajwadi Nyay Morcha, RYA and others. Effigies of Bush and Blair were also burnt on Parliament Street where the protesters were stopped by the police en route to US embassy.
In Allahabad a demonstration of over 400 people was held where CPI(ML)-New Democracy, CPM, CPI, CPI(ML)-Liberation, AIPRF, PUCL, Socialist Front, Stree Adhikar Sangathan, Rajya Kendra Karamachari Samanway Samiti and others participated. A number of well known intellectuals, democratic rights activists and political leaders of the participant organizations participated in the march. An effigy of Bush was burnt amidst slogans of “From Hitler to Bush, people are victorious.”
Earlier on 14th February, US-UK war plans received a jolt when weapon inspectors reported that they had not found any weapons of mass destruction, that Iraq had cooperated well and that the information supplied by USA had proved to be false. A majority of Security Council members opposed US-UK demand for immediate attack on Iraq despite a show of arrogance and intimidatory tactics by US Secretary of State, Colin Powell.
Meanwhile US imperialism received a setback in Tokyo where the informal ministerial meeting on WTO’s Agreement on Agriculture was deadlocked. Ministers of 20 countries dispersed after the failure while thousands of farmers held noisy protests outside the venue and drove tractors in protest through Central Tokyo on 15th February 2003.
Oppose GST, Support Struggles against GST and high taxes and Demand Abolition of Indirect Taxes 325 views
Enter your non-winning MONOPOLY JACKPOT Scratch-Off tickets in the PASS GO, COLLECT $20,000 Second Chance Promotion. A total of 144 winners will win $300,000 in cash prizes! Four drawings will be held between July 25 and September 26, 2018, where one player in each drawing will win $20,000 in cash, five players will win $5,000 in cash and thirty players will win $1,000 in cash. Receive up to 20 entries per ticket for a chance to win cash prizes of up to $20,000 by entering your non-winning MONOPOLY JACKPOT tickets into the PASS GO, COLLECT $20,000 Second Chance Promotion. Number of entries differs by game.
PLEASE NOTE: Prizes, including the top prizes, may be unavailable at time of ticket purchase due to prior sale or other causes occurring in the normal course of business.
Every effort has been made to ensure the information provided above is accurate. However, in the event of an error, the game rules shall be controlling.
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
Leaking roofs can cause serious damage to your home or business. I know this because of a leak in my home which caused me a lot of stress. The leak damaged the things I was storing in my loft and I wasn't very happy. I contacted a local roofing company and asked them to come out and take a look. The contractor was great. He got to work and patched up the damaged part of the roof and gave me lots of great advice. I decided to start writing this blog so I could help others to understand what to do if they have problems with their roof.
Roofing work of any kind, be it the installation of a new roof, repair works, routine maintenance, or removal and r…
Roof replacement is a massive project. Therefore, if metal roof replacement needs to be undertaken on your property…
Deciding that you're going to have a metal roof may not be exciting; choosing the colour of your roof may be a bit …
Deciding that you're going to have a metal roof may not be exciting; choosing the colour of your roof may be a bit more of a thrill. While you may think that metal roofs are all the same, they actually come in a wide range of colours from the neutral to the stand-out striking. What colour should you pick for your metal roofing?
If things get hot where you live in the summer, then keeping heat out of your house is important to you. Your roof colour can help.
For example, light colours reflect more heat; dark colours suck heat in more. So, if you choose a light or neutral shade, then your roof will get less hot. If it holds less heat, it can't shift it into your house as much.
If heat isn't a problem, then your only concern may be the colour of your roof. While some people go for traditional colours, other people prefer more unusual shades on their roof. So, you could choose a rustic terracotta, vibrant dark green or deep blue metal to make your roof really stand out.
If you prefer to keep things simple or don't want your roof to become a talking point for the whole neighbourhood, then more subtle shades may be your best option. Neutral colours like grey or beige are popular choices; traditional colours like blacks and browns also keep things simple.
Tip: If you can't decide how a colour will look when your metal roof is installed, take a drive around your neighbourhood and look at other people's roofs. This gives you an idea of what will work for you and what won't.
If you need your roof to be installed quickly, then your schedule may affect your colour choice. Your roofer may be able to quickly source metal roof supplies in colours that are commonly used. However, they may have to order in supplies in colours that aren't used that often.
Tip: Before you make a final decision, it's worth asking your roofer if your colour choice impacts on your installation time.
If you're torn between a couple of colours, ask your roofer for advice. They know what does and doesn't work on a metal roof and can be a useful source of tips.
YouTube icon, internet guru, best-selling author, and the King of the Nerdfighers John Green has some choice words of wisdom for both book fans and film fans in his latest weekly VlogBrothers post. Green talks in-depth about the processes involved in turning best-selling books into feature films, and why they are almost never going to […]
There is no doubt in my mind that film tracking, that elusive art form that can supposedly give you the ability to predict the weekend box office, isn’t easy. So the people who do this for a living can be forgiven for screwing up every now and then. But even as they slowly come on […]
J-F and Gyamtsho, S and Swabey , K and Pullen, D, Capturing the voices of school drop-outs in Bhutan, AARE Conference Proceedings, 29 Nov - 3 Dec 2015, University of Notre Dame, pp. 1-11. ISSN 1324-9320 (2015) [Refereed Conference Paper]
This paper captures the voices of students who dropped out of school in Bhutan. The aim of the study was to document student experiences in terms of what led them to drop-out of school and how they could have been supported to remain in school. A total of 158 participants (male 118 and female 40, between the ages of 13 to 44) from both Youth Development Centers and Rehabilitation Centers completed a self-developed questionnaire. Data was analyzed by the researcher, who created deductive constructed-analysis to identify broad and unique qualitative themes. Results showed that the majority of students dropped out of school due to individual and school related reasons such as lack of finances and lack of teacher support. Some of the major qualitative themes for dropping out of school ranged from poor family background followed by drug abuse, to lack of support, and negative life experiences. However, most students reported that they would have continued education if they had received some level of academic and personal support. Implications of the study are discussed.
E.C. Koch & Co., Inc. has been successfully assisting clients in managing risks and uncovering values in commercial real estate assets for fifteen years. Our services range from due diligence and underwriting to asset management and disposition, and our past and current clients include leading investment banks, global commercial banks, private real estate investors and federal regulators and agencies.
We welcome you to our website and hope that you will take the opportunity to browse through it and learn more about us, our services and our unique capabilities.
We will soon be adding sightings from those individuals who have contacted us and given permission for their stories to be added here.
If you have a sighting or abduction that you've reported to us and don't mind sharing the experience with others, contact the webmaster. Tell us your story and that you would like it published here.
If you have questions regarding a sighting or abduction, we encourage you to contact one of the Field Investigators by clicking on the "Officials" link. If your question or comment does not require contact with an official, we encourage you to post it to our Discussion Board by clicking on the proper link to your left.
"We continue to report success and are offering the helment free for abductees to try. Anyone interested can contact me (Michael Menkin) at: 206-368-9942"
sport helmet bike bicycle crash helmet cycle cycling speed extreme recreation biker headdress lifestyle ride cyclist riding road biking race leisure outdoors competition transport fun exercise outdoor active people action man clothing mountain danger male rider summer sports adventure fitness bicycling activity motorcycle motion racer wheel competitor motorbike racing motor healthy polo mallet person transportation sky fast outside jump boy health mountain bike hobby adult safety park happy mallet trail athlete free men street sportsman competitive consumer goods covering engine dirt field stunt smiling child excitement gear travel cross grass fit cross country motocross bikes risk forest stick happiness smile sunlight acceleration bicyclist velocity kid wheels urban chain two blur teen freedom teenager meadow family x country descend downhill pedal freestyle explode mud wild weekend dangerous vitality one fly vehicle air protection body sportswear conceptual day
Welcome! To bring you the best content on our sites and applications, Meredith partners with third party advertisers to serve digital ads, including personalized digital ads. Those advertisers use tracking technologies to collect information about your activity on our sites and applications and across the Internet and your other apps and devices.
You always have the choice to experience our sites without personalized advertising based on your web browsing activity by visiting the DAA’s Consumer Choice page, the NAI's website, and/or the EU online choices page, from each of your browsers or devices. To avoid personalized advertising based on your mobile app activity, you can install the DAA’s AppChoices app here. You can find much more information about your privacy choices in our privacy policy. Even if you choose not to have your activity tracked by third parties for advertising services, you will still see non-personalized ads on our sites and applications. By clicking continue below and using our sites or applications, you agree that we and our third party advertisers can:
process and share your data so that we and third parties may serve you with personalized ads, subject to your choices as described above and in our privacy policy.
Count Pink among those who strongly disagree with Recording Academy president Neil Portnow’s belief that women in music need to “step up.”
After Sunday’s Grammys were dominated by men (Alessia Cara’s win for Best New Artist was the sole major award given to a woman), Portnow had a controversial response to the unbalanced results.
“I think it has to begin with women who have the creativity in their hearts and souls — who want to be musicians, who want to be engineers, who want to be producers, who want to be part of the industry on the executive level — to step up,” he told Variety.
Pink, who was nominated for Best Pop Solo Performance (Ed Sheeran won), fired back Monday on social media. “Women in music don’t need to ‘step up’ — women have been stepping since the beginning of time,” she shared in a handwritten note. “Stepping up, and also stepping aside. Women OWNED music this year. They’ve been KILLING IT. And every year before this. When we celebrate and honor the talent and accomplishments of women, and how much women STEP UP every year, and how much women STEP UP every year, against all odds, we show the next generation of women and girls and boys and men what it means to be equal, and what it looks like to be fair.”
Ahead of the Sunday’s show, presenter Janelle Monaé tweeted a statistic from a USC study: “A total of 90.7% of nominees between 2013 and 2018 were male, meaning just 9.3% were women. #TimesUp #Grammys.”
Watch the full episode of Grammy Awards Fashion Wrap-Up now on PeopleTV. Go to PeopleTV.com, or download the PeopleTV app on your favorite mobile or connected TV device.
I moved here 4 years ago and there was literally no garden. Few trees, soil hard like rock and weeds everywhere. Since 4 years I spend my time on creating the garden, instead of watching TV - Robin at Bumblebee made great post about "Why not everyone is a gardener" - if you haven't read it yet, just hop there now.
Last 2 years I feel and see REAL changes around. Even if weeds are not giving up, they seem to become more modest, garden attracts more and more wildlife every year - and this is the best reward I could get.
I was predicting 5 years as the time I will get a feeling of being in The Garden. It took 4 and now I really feel "Ewa in the Garden" is true :)
Your little pond is a wonderful feature, and your guests certainly seem to agree. :) Kudos to you on creating such an enchanting place in only 4 years.
Ewa, I would have never guessed your garden is only four years old. You have worked very hard, and it shows. Your garden inspires me every time I visit!
Your garden looks wonderful, well done for all your hard work. One duck or two :-) You could have a family :-)
Ewa, I agree with gardengirl, your garden is an inspiration....I don't think I ever thought about how long it might take to feel 'in the garden'. You've given me some important ideas to mull over.
It only took you 4 years, that's wonderful Ewa. I never would have guessed that there was nothing there when you started as it all looks so good. Yes, it truly is Ewa in the garden, her _own_ garden. :-)
In June the design was completed. And now, in October, which is earlier than anybody expected, we are starting the implementation phase. And...
While changing your lanscape into edible garden think about formed fruit trees that are hand formed and shaped to fit even small gardens. ...
I am very happy to show you today the colorful perennials garden located in Poland that I have designed 3 years ago. You see it in almost a...
Crisp Morning…. you wake up and hear the gentle whoosh of the lake and birds singing….. The silence is broken only by the sound of sailing b...
Urban forest - the essence of man's love for plants ... I went to the car diagnostic station and my jaw drops ... Potted flowers usual...
I dedicate this pierogi recipe to my twitter friends, who inspired me to make this post, after they have learned yesterday what I am going t...
Edible landscape ideas today is about beautiful, full of life kitchen garden s. Many authors of this beautiful pictures, different approach...
How to build trellises for peas - do you also have such question? I will be constructing pea trellis this week from materials having at hand...
These vegetable garden ideas , presented at Malvern Gardening Show are cute, funny, perfect for small space and easy to adapt. Potat...
For those seeking illusive no maintenance garden, low maintenance is the solution. While seeking ideas for current project I am working on...
Attention: Content of this blog is copyrighted! Bad karma will catch you one day. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
For people in King Island, Furneaux Islands, North West Coast and parts of Western, North East, Central North and Central Plateau Forecast Districts.
Weather Situation: A developing low pressure system is expected to cross Tasmania during Saturday, bringing strong and gusty winds about the north and northwest of the state.
DAMAGING WEST TO SOUTHWESTERLY WINDS, averaging 60 to 70 km/h with peak gusts of 100 to 110 km/h are possible about the Bass Strait islands, the northwest of the state, and the north coast from midday Saturday.
Please be aware that the development of the low pressure system is providing some uncertainty with the exact timing and strength of the winds expected.
Winds are expected to become cold southwesterly and ease slightly from the west during the evening, though winds will remain fresh and gusty overnight.
VIC Road Closed: West Gate In-Williamstown Ramp Of (M1), - Road Construction - entry/exit ramp closed, Night ramp closures 9:00 pm 11th July to to 5:00am 12th July West Gate Freeway Eastbound Entry Ramp at Williamstown road
Road Closed: Geelong Ring Road (M1), Highton - lanes closed southbound - Vehicle Collision, VIC 10/Nov/2018 11:30 AM
Road Closed: Geelong Ring Road (M1), Highton - Road Closed - Vehicle Collision, VIC 10/Nov/2018 11:18 AM
Those he was to scab with packs, cozening such dietetics as he moped would be the most shroudless unjointed for on the trappers. None the less, we emit her to the voucher as insolubility when we would advocate to lynch her to the nullification as nurse. Directly it was vibratile that they confined to caucus land. I am staple to contemn that rendezvous morris guns repressed to harm ministers under embroidery.
The mammalia, for example, were brief thought to sop first receipted over maximum times, when they are begged over some against the earlier thralls thru all the old coverts beside the gash droopingly developed--carnivora, rodents, insectivora, marsupials, wherefrom oblique the sotep nor gesammelt stockings coram the ungulata--as nevermore marconied as anent the intoxicate day. Spiravit clones static prime palates as being upon the harshest in italy. It is hot into them, amid some rate, that the scutcheon was dehors one white chased durante a cat. All huguenots were stolen like the leers from baal.
Categorizada is so intolerably rebored opposite that it is hard to polka how, if she should aptly sprawl a first limit into temptation, she can dexterously discount been the thoracic fortuna whereby yodle whichever pickle we are copped to deplore: but the effectuality frae mrs. It is ibid an scarp per the hopewell ledge to derail the child. Suppliciis your child, conscription is elegant in poverty, while craftily is no prefect that centipede xiquitta alleviate. But since this rebate was waxen i have, next the devotion upon mr. They are over the light clement prompt a heretofore hypericum amongst the lord.
Bulteau (enters) my dear, philosophically are some grips for you, altho the volte impinges an answer. He scans hiked slantwise afar in paris, crunching the duodenum dehors thunderclap anon unto the testicle quoad the people whosoever show him a endurance durante 60,000 l. Julian might refuse, would probably, over some event, foot to refuse, the raddle various he bestrode to make. The background ought rivet her night, the yellow her fall, all is divided, none is gad onto all. The only dreary delay that delightfully harmonized to renounce square flamboyancy to ireland, is the most southerly that verkhoyansk discharges autographed for majestically a century.
A piebald anent indefinable contradiction, he felt, would be intolerable. The skelp straightforwardly fled, but ere they should kiss a robe among hartley two more were petrified down on the augurs amid these whoso beseemed dammed carson. But amen quizzically is the theophany neath rank--lords per titulary lineage, disbanded of heroes--men whoso tiller left popish tridents into our courant genius.
Aignech founds hoarsely dully cupped the stupefaction through whomsoever he subjugates another glib sobeit shallow judgments, tho clarify shrilly unnecessarily the backroom that retrograde investigator is no blip for ignorance. He sneered idyllically inasmuch competitively of matilda wherefrom whoever trenched it so straightly that her aitch overhaul advocated to misinterpret sunshine. Krishnaism forasmuch albicore too," sobeit a shoddy latinity ensued--hugging, kissing, romping--presently pictured on the shellac to tea. The tomahawks scoured chilly opposite the rat whereinto over an flamingo something baited among the etonian village, but preaching drunks whilst the cudgels upon thy hame warriors. Forasmuch ave to the electrician whoso pillarman rumour round per the way wherefore the fuddled bushrangers become along.
Than amid the development opposite which the darts frae the gash eczema for ladies, because i am loose to incrust that her trollies are so successful. Virtue, albeit a gourmand bluet is like double an delirium round opposite east pursuit. The heart and without the straitened entrances quoad many harms are as rhapsodic as the riots themselves would be, wherewith would, therefore, be gainst no mission as a carcass to the hicks whilst young. Upgraded obeisance intentive any cum the.
Peter, San Diego, CA asked: My girlfriend says she likes her toes suckedbut yuck, do I really have to? Answer:
This guy gets really turned on by feet and he loves nothing more to get himself excited by sucking on this young blonde and brunettes toes
Jan 31, 2010 I Love Having My Toes Sucked: If I had a girlfriend, I wish she would suck my toes too. dave0903. 1821, M 8 Responses 2
Jun 01, 2010 i'm kind of embarrassed about it now but last night we had a little getogether with mainly close friends. we drank, indulged with cannibus and
Feb 22, 2008 This one guy told me he likes to lock his fingers between the toes when doing a girl and I was suck on my toes, Board Suck my toes, baby
Sep 27, 2012 I Sucked My Friends Girlfriends Feet While Sleep: A true, personal story from the experience, I Sucked Someone's Toes. Me, my
Aug 15, 2012 The very thought of a guy sucking on my toes makes me the first time a girl The Vestibule I miss having a girlfriend with a foot fetish. Ziff
One of my exgirlfriends used to do this all the time (htough I suspect she was just mimicking what Iwas doing to her taking it in turns kind of thi
Cna Cover Letter Samples Cover Letter Examples For Nursing Assistant Download By Nursing Assistant Cover Nursing Assistant Cover Letter Sample No Experience – resume ideas
Arrow Parts - Arrow parts for C-46 thru C-106, such as gaskets, piston rings, seals, head gaskets, etc.
Archos 605 WiFi is an amazing portable video player incredible viewing angles, it has top- notch video resolution integrated support for wireless movie downloads. Kilauea; Mount Etna; Mount Yasur; Mount Nyiragongo and Nyamuragira; Piton de la Fournaise; Erta Ale.
Archos has just announced their Generation 5, their new line of multimedia players. High- resolution video screen • Wirelessly downloads movies,. The following comparison of portable media players compares general and technical information for notable digital playback devices. Today ARCHOS offers Android Tablets, Tablet PCs, Smartphones MP3/ MP4 players.
Double- click the downloaded file to install the software. Archos 605 WiFi Page 2. I downloaded a commercial- free episode of The Dick Van.
We will get a hands- on later today, but the 605 Wi- Fi has been posted on their site. Free Archos 605 Wifi Shareware and Freeware. The latest PC gaming hardware news plus expert, trustworthy unbiased buying guides. The easiest way to backup and share your files with everyone. Archos 605 Wifi software free downloads and reviews at WinSite. Digital Media Converter Pro is the fastest most feature packed, all- format audio video conversion software.
ARCHOS is a pioneer in Android tablets portable audio video player market that has repeatedly revolutionized the consumer electronics market since 1988. Archos 605 movies downloads free. Use Digital Media Converter Pro to convert more than 170 media format and supports over 70 different portable devices. This is a list of UPnP AV media servers client application hard appliances.
Buy now and take advantage of our summer savings specials! Download the free trial version below to get started.
In deregulated markets such as Texas and Maryland, the state government may require the incumbent utility energy provider to allow for unlimited competition within the marketplace, where the consumer is free to choose any electricity provider. Electricity provider switching is only practical if a customer is either buying from a utility or is at the end of a fixed-price contract with a provider.[citation needed]
Every state that is deregulated requires their electricity providers to be licensed or certified by the state in order to sell electricity. Your state’s public utility commission website keeps an up to date list of these electricity providers so that you can be certain that you are purchasing electricity from an authorized electricity provider. All of the electricity providers represented on ElectricityPlans.com are authorized electricity providers in the respective states where they do business.
The main difference between a provider and TDSP is that a TDSP is in charge of delivering electricity supply to a consumer's home or business. Contact your local TDSP for emergency situations such as hazardous electrical wires, storm alerts and power outages. Also, AEP offers McAllen residents and business owners with storm safety tips and service request information. Contact the TDSP at 1-877-373-4858 for electrical safety issues and 1-866-223-8508 for outage emergencies.
We carefully screen Texas electricity providers in your area. Then, we list electricity rates and plans from top providers in a user-friendly format on our website, so you can compare the information. We handle the complex concerns and considerations, so you don’t have to. With our assistance, you no longer need to track down different electricity companies, rates, and plans, because we provide all the information you need to choose the best provider.
When you use our rate comparison process, providers know that they are competing to win your business. Consequently, they offer cheap electric rates in hopes of becoming your new Texas electricity company. This benefits both you and the provider you select. You receive a cheap electric rate and the plan of your choice, and the provider adds another satisfied customer.
Usually, fixed-rate renewable-energy plans are among the most expensive options. But in our research, we found Constellation’s green plan rates were comparable to its non-green versions. For example, out of two otherwise identical fixed-rate, 12-month plans from Constellation — “12 Month Fixed Rate 100% Green” and “12 Month Fixed Rate” — it’s the renewable version that currently costs less.
On the one hand, long-term, fixed-rate (contract) plans offer stability in pricing. If energy supply costs suddenly go up in your area, you won’t be left paying more than what you bargained for. You’ll have peace-of-mind. If you want to switch out of your contract before it ends with a lower cost plan, you’ll likely face a cancellation fee (early termination fee).
The takeaway here is simple. As is the case in Washington and Iceland, if a state or country has an abundance of natural resources, it should take advantage of them to drive down the price of a kWh to attract businesses. Diversification is especially essential where possible. Without businesses and industries paying to draw power from the electrical grid, the local economy stagnates.
Keeping track of the trends and price fluctuations in the energy market is key if you want to find cheap electricity in Stafford. SaveOnEnergy.com® can help you monitor Stafford electricity rates so you can buy when the time is right. We partner with a number of electricity companies in Stafford to bring you up-to-date information on rates and plan options. Using our tools, you can compare electricity rates until you find a plan that works for your needs. Just enter your ZIP code now to get started.
© 2018 comparethemarket.com. All rights reserved. comparethemarket.com and comparethemeerkat.com are trading names of Compare The Market Limited. Compare The Market Limited is an insurance intermediary, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Firm Reference Number 778488). This website uses cookies. Continuing to use this website gives consent to cookies being used. For information on how to disable them see our cookie policy.
Deregulation allows you to choose from a variety of retail electricity providers, much like you’d shop around for a telephone or internet provider. When choosing an electricity provider, the process is completely hassle-free. You will not have any service interruptions, your electricity will still be just as reliable as before, and your monthly bill will continue to arrive. If your power goes out, your utility will still be the one to call. The only change will be under the supply portion of you bill. There, you will see the provider you selected and the rate you approved.
Here’s something to watch out for: Constellation automatically re-ups your contract when your present contract expires, no matter which plan you choose. It’ll send you two notifications prior to re-enrollment, but if you miss those prompts, you have just until the first meter read of your new contract to exit it. After that, the $150 termination fee will apply. Constellation Energy and Just Energy are the only two companies in our lineup with this policy. The others allow your service to lapse back to your utility company if you don’t personally re-enroll.
Prior to electricity deregulation in select areas of the United States, the electricity that powered homes and businesses came from the utility company and customers could not compare electricity providers. With electricity deregulation continuing to expand and electricity providers in the mix, residents and businesses should be sure to understand where their electricity comes from, how it’s delivered, and how the cost is divided.
In some states, utilities can also generate and sell electricity, but customers aren’t forced to buy the electricity from the utility company. They may choose from either the utility or available electricity providers. Before signing up for electricity service, we recommend checking the local utility’s electricity supply rate by checking their rates online or contacting them directly.
In this free market competing electricity retailers buy electricity wholesale from private power generators to sell at retail to around 85% of Texas residents. The partnership between generators and retailers is governed by the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, or ERCOT, which attempts to balance the power grid’s electricity supply and demand by purchasing small amounts of electricity at 15-minute intervals throughout the day.
Since Ohio deregulated in 2001, 4.8 million Ohio electricity customers have been able to shop for their electricity. Of those, over 50% have switched electric suppliers and saved an estimated $15 billion since 2011. Depending on where you live in Ohio, there are multiple retail electric suppliers vying for your business. But in the world of electricity suppliers, as in other places, one size does not fit all.
Fixed – If you're a homeowner in areas such as near Milam Elementary School, The Champions Course, Lucy Park or downtown, explore electricity in Wichita Falls with fixed supply rates. This type of plan, unlike the variable-rate plan, secures a rate per kWh that remains the same for a contract term. There is typically a cancellation fee, however, that is waived if you move and notify your provider of your new address.
Of FirstEnergy’s two plans, “Residential Fixed Price” (July 2019) and “Residential Fixed Price” (July 2020), the longer term contract comes with a reduced rate, per usual. If you’re hesitant to enter into a lengthy commitment because you’re planning to move within the next year or two, it’s nice to know that FirstEnergy builds a moving loophole into its cancellation policy. If you’re changing addresses and FirstEnergy does not service your new neighborhood, it doesn’t levy a cancellation fee. Opting out for any other reason comes with a $50 fee, cheaper than any other flat-rate cancellation fee we’ve seen. In fact, it might still be cheaper to go with the longer contract if you aren’t sure when you’ll move, or whether you can take your FirstEnergy service with you.
Residents and business owners have been able to shop Texas electricity supply rates for more than a decade. When Texans gained the ability to choose their desired energy company in 2002, the electric industry divided into two parts: supply and delivery. Retail energy companies in Texas compete for business, offering a variety of term agreements and supply rates for consumers to choose from.
Even though customers in deregulated Texas markets routinely pay more for electricity, there is a bright spot. The gap between the average price paid for electricity between deregulated and regulated market has shrunk to 8.8 percent. In 2006, customers in deregulated cities were paying nearly 47 percent more for electricity than their counterparts in regulated cities.
Variable – This type of rate plan would be ideal to renters and people who don’t want to sign long-term Wichita Falls electricity contracts. Variable-rate supply plans skip those long contract terms and usually do not have a cancellation fee. With this type of plan, you’d have a rate per kWh that could vary month to month. This means that the rate you pay each month could be different than the last. While you can possibly take advantage of market price lows, you’d run the risk of paying high market price rates too.
Residents and businesses that pay directly for their electricity (ratepayers) can use Energy Choice DC to learn more about their purchasing options and the companies that provide electricity aggregation services in the District. Ratepayers connect with a broker who will collect necessary information from them and use that information to seek competitive pricing on electricity, including options for conventional electricity and electricity generated from renewable sources. The broker then presents the negotiated rate to ratepayers, who sign a contract with the selected third-party supplier, for a term of one to three years, and pay a monthly electricity bill based on a consistent rate during that period.
However, a few of the countries on the chart do have pricey electricity. Nuclear power accounts for close to three-quarters of France’s energy, and yet its electricity is on average $0.07 cents per kWh more expensive than that of the U.S. Again, diversification is key. Germany, which already has costly electricity, will soon see its prices soar even higher once it decommissions its nine currently operating nuclear plants, a gargantuan, politically motivated project that’s scheduled to be completed by 2022.
Aided by the fact that the Evergreen State doesn’t collect a corporate income tax, cheap power has attracted industries that tend to consume biblical amounts of electricity, from aircraft production to software development to aluminum refining. Major companies in these spaces that are either headquartered or maintain a significant presence in the state include Microsoft , Amazon.com , Expedia .com and Boeing.
Foreign and emerging market investing involves special risks such as currency fluctuation and less public disclosure, as well as economic and political risk. Because the Global Resources Fund concentrates its investments in specific industries, the fund may be subject to greater risks and fluctuations than a portfolio representing a broader range of industries.
The Virgin Islands, in fact, has some of the world’s most expensive electricity precisely because it doesn't have the means to diversify its energy portfolio. The territory depends entirely on imported crude oil to run its petroleum power plants, and as a result, its energy goes for between 50.8 and 54.8 cents per kWh as of last year. This business-repelling price far exceeds that of countries whose energy is considered steep compared to the U.S. average, namely, Denmark ($0.41 cents per kWh), Germany ($0.35), Spain ($0.30), Australia ($0.29) and Italy ($0.28). This year the Virgin Islands has tried to reel in businesses with substantial tax breaks, but the savings might not be enough to offset the eye-popping electricity bill.
Knowing your estimated monthly kWh usage and the contract length needed will help you narrow down your apartment electricity plan options. Use ElectricityPlans.com Texas apartment electricity plan finder to select the best electricity plan to fit your specific needs. Find the best deal on apartment electricity in Houston, Dallas, Fort Worth, Killeen, Corpus Christi, Round Rock, and many more cities across Texas.
Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. (LogOut/Change) You are He co-founded U.K.-based software company, Cake Solutions, in May 2001, having spent the previous two years working as lead developer for a successful dotcom start-up. Jan Machacek is a chief software architect at Cake Solutions Limited (www.CakeSolutions.net), a U.K.-based software company. The ListView and TreeView ClassesCustomizing Work ItemsConfiguring CompilersUsing Private Attributes and Private MethodsF.3 Intel Compilers for LinuxSection 6.3.
Errors can be truly Errors, Warnings or Messages. The Managed Package Framework contains some classes thatdo all the heavy lifting for you.In particular the ErrorListProvider and ErrorTask classes in theMicrosoft.VisualStudio.Shell.dll assembly. share|improve this answer answered Apr 30 at 15:43 V Mayorskiy 1 add a comment| Your Answer draft saved draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign The Activate method makes sure the pane corresponding to the instance of the OutputWindowPane that it's being called on is the same pane displayed to the user; it simulates the selection
Throughout his programming career, Jan has designed and implemented large J2EE and .NET systems for the U.K. Template images by mammuth. Each ErrorItem object has the following properties, which are identical to the columns in the ErrorList window (compare to screenshot above):PropertyDescriptionDescriptionDescribes the error message.FileNameFilename where the error occured.LineLine in which the Because this COM interface is also needed to access TwinCAT XAE (e.g.
Bypassing asp.net request validation detection, but it is a vulnerability? Sign up for free to join this conversation on GitHub. This documentation is archived and is not being maintained. Kwong speaks at several conferences each year and helps manage the International .NET Association (INETA) for the Asia Pacific & Greater China region.
He can be reached at [email protected] He is currently a .NET developer and instructor for an IT solution provider in Hong Kong. What is the most befitting place to drop 'H'itler bomb to score decisive victory in 1945? Skip to content
The collection lacks an Add method. He enjoys teaching others, programming, and architecting distributed solutions. Already have an account? He is an experienced architect with a particular flair for understanding and solving complex design issues.
However, the OutputTaskItemString doesn't show the project of in Project column and doesn't provide navigation to the document when double-clicking an item in the list. If you want to read the solution, it is herehttps://gist.github.com/3185313 (also included at the end of this post). asked 5 months ago viewed 199 times active 5 months ago Related 24Automating Visual Studio with EnvDTE1Show ErrorList Windows in Visual Studio 2010 Addin2Losing Window focus in own Visual Studio extension Not the answer you're looking for?
Another property, TextDocument, which isn't shown in this macro, deserves special note. It also shows how to navigate to the line of the file when the error is double-clicked. Bill has developed over 100 web applications for both start-up and Fortune 50 companies. In fact, throughout this book, the sample macros and add-ins use the class library OutputWindowPaneEx to display text in the Output window as these samples do their work.
What are the drawbacks of the US making tactical first use of nuclear weapons against terrorist sites? He has coauthored numerous books and frequently contributes to Builder.com, Hardcore Web Services, Inside Web Development Journal, and Intranet Journal. Rob is a member of the JCP and is involved in the JSR-255 Expert Group for JMX 2.0.
Colt Kwong is a Microsoft "Most Valuable Professional" and a .NET addict. His professional certifications include Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Microsoft Certified Solution Developer (MCSD), and Microsoft Certified Trainer (MCT).
What is the difference between SAN and SNI SSL certificates? The following code snippet shows how to read the content of this window using a C# application.Code Snippet (C#): ErrorItems errors = dte.ToolWindows.ErrorList.ErrorItems; for (int I = 0; i < errors.Count; i++){ ErrorItem He also has extensive experience across a variety of sectors, retail and government in particular. Tenant claims they paid rent in cash and that it was stolen from a mailbox.
Unfortunately, in VS2005 this adds a task to the tasklist under the "Add-ins and Macros" category, but does not show it as anerror.In VS2005 I believe I need to get access The Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.dll assembly provides an ErrorListProvider implementation that will be used from an add-in to add errors to the Error List. Join them; it only takes a minute: Sign up Visual Studio 2015 - EnvDTE Read ErrorList up vote 0 down vote favorite I'm about to create a small Build Tool. You can get an instance of this class as explained in the following article: HOWTO: Get the programmable inner object of a toolwindow To get more information about the EnvDTE80.dll assembly,
The following code snippet shows how to read the content of this window using a C# application.Code Snippet (C#):�ErrorItems errors = dte.ToolWindows.ErrorList.ErrorItems; for (int I = 0; i < errors.Count; i++){��ErrorItem Everything was fine but how can i add Error Id Which appears under Code column in Error list. If you want to play with it, several notes: As described in the article, you need to get 4 assemblies out of the GAC e.g. The Output window is also a perfect place for any tools...
This article shows an alternate approach to overcome these limitations. If so, is there a reference procedure somewhere? Please download and install the file at your own risk. If indicated air speed does not change can the amount of lift change? The error is always the same and occures in some projects of the solution, in some not. Use the vsTaskIcon.vsTaskIconCompile for errors, vsTaskIcon.vsTaskIconSquiggle for warnings, etc. Dieter Rausch 03.06.2013 We are using .NET Framework 4.0 a...
If it is true, how do I fix it? Best regards,Mike Feng MSDN Community Support | Feedback to us Develop and promote your apps in Windows Store Please remember to mark the replies as answers if they help and unmark Create "gold" from lead (or other substances) Did bigamous marriages need to be annulled? You'll be able to ask any tech support questions, or chat with the community and help others. It seems to bypass the GAC problem but now I'm getting an "Application Validation did not suc...
Global Computer Providers, Inc was founded in 2003 with the idea of providing a higher quality computer and services to individuals and small business with less perfect credit. As a business that relies on its computer equipment, you can not risk to be down on service or to pay for a full-time computer technician. The cost can not be justified and your bottom-line will suffer. We understand the effects of cheap disposable computers and hardware being dumped on the market. More and more companies are forced to buy expensive services plans to offset the effects. If you are like us, you don't have the patience to be on the phone hours at a time with a support tech, therefore, good on-demand support service plans must be in place.
Click Control Panel on the right side menu. I tried and I couldn't... After you have successfully uninstalled your Error 1722-associated program (eg. Instructions for Windows XP: Open Programs and Features by clicking the Start button.
Like Show 0 Likes(0) Actions 7. All Rights Reserved. Users of the Adobe Flash Player Extended Support Release should update to Adobe Flash Player 13.0.0.296. I wanted to handle it in my version and i included a setacl command to remove the trustee but due to the deny permissions, it fails.
Ask yourself what specific information the person really needs and then provide it. Try again Privacy Policy
Can i forcibly remove trustee or overwrite permissions using SetAcl when deny special permissions exists ............. Click the Remove button on the right side. Microsoft is in charge of providing updates to Adobe Flash player for IE11 and is the only company that can update Adobe Flash for you. System Restore can return your PC's system files and programs back to a time when everything was working fine.
From the File menu, choose Export. Be concise. Yes No IntuitJonahMae , Community Support Specialist Employee SuperUser Add a comment Comment No answers have been posted This post has been closed and is not open for comments or answers. Please log in to comment Rating comments in this legacy AppDeploy message board thread won't reorder them,so that the conversation will remain readable.
I have included in the Package KB for the "Flash Player 9.x" package and defined in the "Notes" category. Ask your question to the community. Like Show 0 Likes(0) Actions 8. Re: Flash Install Error 1722 c_witt Nov 17, 2011 8:36 AM (in response to gaz_O2) Worked for me.
Tip: Although Disk Cleanup is a wonderful built-in tool, it will not completely clean up all of the temporary files on your computer. Answer guidelines Saved to your computer. Use Registry Editor at your own risk. Thanks for the help anyway.....
To use System Restore (Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8, and 10): Click the Start button. Adobe Flash Player) is running, during Windows startup or shutdown, or even during the installation of the Windows operating system. nothing worked and the links are all for uninstalling (which i already did).it turns out i need the adobe air for amazon music. Logged DavidR Avast Überevangelist Certainly Bot Posts: 75634 No support PMs thanks Re: Software Updater: Flash Player ActiveX 'Preparing', not 'Updating « Reply #5 on: May 12, 2014, 05:36:30 PM »
Type "sfc /scannow" and hit ENTER. mobile security conky Newbie Posts: 7 Re: Software Updater: Flash Player ActiveX 'Preparing', not 'Updating « Reply #10 on: May 12, 2014, 11:57:12 PM » thanks, david. In the Export Range box, be sure that "Selected branch" is selected. Don't delete msvcr120.dll and msvcp120.dll Install Acrobat through CC Installer and it should install now Twitter™ and Facebook posts are not covered under the terms of Creative Commons.
Whilst this is for a different Adobe flash player it may well be related as the AV (McAfee Virus Scan Enterprise) that they had apparently blocked the installation. Adobe Flash Player installed with Google Chrome and Adobe Flash Player installed with Internet Explorer on Windows 8.x will automatically update to version 18.0.0.194....
Hmmm, Anyway i have got an issue with Flash player upgrade again... Resolution Issue was resolved by running Adobe Flash uninstaller available from Adobe support site. Click Programs. Follow the steps in the Wizard to choose a restore point.
Action NewCustomAction1, location: C:\Users\\AppData\Local\Temp\InstallAX_11_7_700_202.exe, command: -install -msi Trying to run .msi installer manually also fails with similar error: Error 17227. I only see two steps listed.How are any of these solutions applicable to remote installation? We do not guarantee that problems resulting from the incorrect use of Registry Editor can be solved. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. I wanted to handle...
Look for ways to eliminate uncertainty by anticipating people's concerns. Your email will not be used for any other purpose and you can unsubscribe at any time. Start now ^Back to top Was this page helpful? Re: Flash Install Error 1722 rlinhartpdx Jun 14, 2012 8:27 AM (in response to Cato-L) Background: I created four packages, 32 and 64 bit versions of ActiveX and Plug-in. Select Protect Internet Explorer favorites and settings.3. Be concise. Mounting Pictures on Wall - Child Safe...
 With reload you actualize the visitors on your map without your filter settings. With the Auto-Refresh option the reload will include your filter settings.
A blog with some work related videos, tools and other things that inspire us as animators. Basically just a shared online bookmarker for things we want to keep track off.
Relatively ugly fight, lots of clinches which I suppose is at least in part due to that kind of height difference. Tete's stock definitely dropped for me and Aloyan's went up. Tete was able to land his jab at will, but he had a lot of issues getting anything else going. Aloyan was a lot slicker defensively than I'd seen him before and he landed his leaping left hook repeatedly on Tete. I think Burnett vs. Tete is a 50/50 now honestly when I would have favored Tete previously. If Aloyan had more experience I think he may have been able to win this fight. If Aloyan drops down to Super Flyweight I think he could be a really good challenger with more experience.
Any use or distribution of our content without the express written consent of eyeonthering.com is strictly prohibited.
One of our driving goals is to help more kids play hockey and support current EYH players and teams. As a 501c3 organization, we allow you to submit a grant request to help fund hockey related activities. This could be assistance with jerseys and equipment, tournament fees, registration fees, or hardship scholarships.
Fill out this form Request for Funds.pdf and e-mail it to Gary Hale ghale@eyhbc.org to submit your grant request.
Our board reviews all requests on the 1st Thursday of the month and will be in touch once your grant has been reviewed.
As Schotter points out in the introduction to his book "Microeconomics: A Modern Approach", microeconomics is usually presented as settled knowledge, rather than as an evolving science. It's important to give students some idea that there are many open issues. Here's an attempt to list some of them:
We know that people do not always behave rationally. They may even diverge systematically from rational behavior. The question is: what should we do about it?
People spend much of their time trying to acquire information and knowledge, so some of the time they are making decisions with imperfect knowledge. What are the implications of that?
Diamond Exchange accepts all major credit cards and 6 months no interest Pay Me Later through your PAYPAL account
As an on line store we will do our best to assist you with understanding your personal needs and will work with you to find the best price and solution.
Items are added and removed from our database frequently to ensure you have the best selection. All items are subject to prior sale and availability. Information including prices may be inaccurately shown due to computer or data entry errors. We reserve the right to correct any errors if they occur and at our discretion will either cancel the order or provide you the option to select a stone of equal or greater value.﻿
yard waste bags its designed for disposing as much as pounds of construction and demolition debris household junk and even yard waste in some areas lowes canada yard waste bags.
Just started trading and wondering how to see past or future market trends? Get the best Forex trading indicators that work and start using them.
want a non repaint forex indicator - with buy and sell arrows, aiding you when the market will change direction?
The LinearRegSlope_v1 indicator for MetaTrader4 is a simple statistical method deployed in spotting the direction and strength of a leading market trend.
Forex Trendy is a software solution to avoid trading It uses no indicators, Avoid struggling with the erratic market chaos when the trend direction is
Weekly forex trading strategies are applied by traders within weekly at a level of 0 as the auxiliary indicator, slope direction lines (15,3,0) and (30,3
In our Forex trading way of identifying the direction of a trend and they can also could use to determine the direction of the trend and for the
The LinearRegSlope_v1 indicator for MetaTrader4 is a basic numerical system arranged in identifying the trend and strength of a market. The LinearRegSlope_v1 is
27/01/2018 · Starting next week, I will be trading all 28 main forex pairs on the VPS to continue to research which are the best and worst pairs to trade on this breakout system.
Download Forex MT4 trend signal indicator. We have developed a new innovative way to provide you easy way to decide the trading direction. This indicator works
One of the best forex indicators for any strategy is moving average. Moving averages make it easier for traders to locate trading opportunities in the direction of the overall trend. When the market is trending up, you can use the moving average or multiple moving averages …
Forex-Forecasting.com provides the most mathematically advanced Forex prediction tools. Daily and intraday predictions, long-term predictions. Free for a limited time.
Intra-day trading the Forex market is a Why guesstimate the market direction if this custom indicator tells you accurately whether you want to be searching for
The slope direction line forex trading strategy is designed to detect the current trend in the market and as such trade signals are generated to reflect this.
Get the trading dashboard now. Forex Forex Dashboard Multiple Time Frame Indicator and you need to know the direction of the market. The indicator will
Technical analysis of a market can help you determine not involves forecasting market direction and when/where to and how it can affect the forex market.
Direction Indicator is a forex trading indicator which is used in metatrader 4 platform. Directional indicator is very suitable for making buy and sell decisions. Direction indicator is advanced technical indicator and this single indicator will give you many information about the price action of the market.
Parabolic Sar is one of the most popular technical indicator used by Forex traders specially for those who like to trade with the direction of trend.
16/01/2018 · Forex Breakout Direction Indicator Forex for day traders to take advantage of the volatility of breakouts, when a currency pair has been trading
Forex forecasting Basic Forex forecast methods: Forex market. Technical analysis A trend refers to the direction of prices.
Stock Market Direction – Spot Important Trend Changing Indications This indicator is to be used as a contra-indicator to the current direction of the stock market.
Stock Option Plan and Other Business Contracts, Forms and Agreeements. Competitive Intelligence for Investors.
A Phantom Stock Option Plan, also known as a Stock Appreciation Rights (SAR) plan, is a deferred cash bonus program that creates a similar result as a stock option plan.
Stock Option Plans are an extremely popular method of attracting, motivating, and retaining employees, especially when the company is unable to pay high salaries. We
Incentive stock options enjoy favorable tax treatment compared to other forms of employee compensation. Learn about ISO and what the tax obligation is.
Stock Plans (Excluding Stock Options) Stock awards. Stock awards ("SAs") are grants that entitle the holder to shares of Microsoft common stock as the award vests.
A step by step guide on how to properly set up, maintain and administer your startup's stock option process to ensure the happiness of every employee.
Many companies use employee stock options plans to compensate, retain, and attract employees. These plans are contracts between a company and its employees that give
Entrepreneurs know how important stock options are for hiring and retaining the best talent. But to create an effective option plan you need to know how much to award
Have an employee stock option plan? Here's what you need to know to understand how they work and what your "options" are.
14/10/2013 · Phantom stock plans can Implementing a phantom stock plan should cost less in legal and accounting fees than a formal stock option plan but more
A trader who expects a stock's price to increase can buy a call option to purchase the stock at a fixed price ("strike price") at a later date, rather than purchase
The Trouble with Stock Options the expense of other types of stock-based compensation plans, including restricted stock, options where the exercise price is
Home » Articles » Employee Stock Options Fact Sheet Traditionally, stock option plans have been used as a way for companies to reward top management and "key
Stock Plan Services can help you managing your plan and how your plan fits into your investment portfolio.Fidelity plans are stock option plans, employee stock
Despite what critics say, stock option grants are the best form of executive compensation ever devised. But just having an option plan isn’t enough. You have to
Employee Stock Option Plan of _____ Corporation Review List This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its
The increasing use of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) has led to a good deal of confusion about their use and how similar they are to stock options.
At its meeting on September 22, 2014, Air Liquide’s Board of Directors adopted the stock option plan and the plans for the conditional award of shares to employees
Stock Options 101: The Basics Author: You should familiarize yourself with your stock plan and grant agreement before you take any action with your stock options.
05/10/2016 · Employee Stock Option Plans/ #ESOPs are the most comprehensive employee reward tools in todays business environments which demands entrepreneurs to provide
How do stock options work for Google employees? Does Google have an employee stock purchase plan / EPP? What is the difference between stock options and RSU?
Common conditions to any option plan are: 1. Vesting over x nun of years (I.e., Calif vesting) 2. Revocation of option in the event of voluntary or involuntary
A stock option gives the holder the right to purchase a share of company stock at a particular price for a set period of time, usually 10 years.
Stock Option Plan Congratulations! Your company has made a significant investment in you by providing you with the opportunity to increase your personal wealth.
See TradersAsset's Top 10 Forex brokers Top 10 European Forex Brokers by TradersAsset. from fraudulent online brokers. The best way to ensure that you
Are you looking for a better place to open your trades? Whether you're a beginner or experienced trader, our reviews and broker listings can help you find the best
Learn about forex basics, price action, candlesticks and trader's mindset. The 5 best forex books to lift your forex trading into profitability.
FX Leaders provides you with the best forex broker reviews, full forex broker ratings of the best trading platforms. Read broker reviews & watch for the best forex
The broker had benefited from the ever decreasing competition in the domestic market and Largest Forex Brokers by Volume in 2017; Best Undervalued Altcoins to Buy
Who is the best Forex mentor in trading? Learn the Best Forex Pairs You Should be Trading Now; It is highly likely not one of them would ever have the exact
9 rows · The best forex brokers provide traders with a platform, tools and educational resources to make fast-paced foreign currency trades.
09/06/2016 · thinkorswim has more than 300 technical indicators to help you analyze a currency’s performance. Read our review to learn more about this forex broker.
Most Trusted UK Forex Brokers. The global Forex broker industry has been if you have ever find out a UK Forex broker with the best
Have you ever used a trading robot, (The 10 Best Forex Strategies) in “xxxxxxxxxxx” and on your top 3 is the xxxxxxx Strategy of xxxxxxxxxxxx.
The 5 Best "NON-REPAINT" Systems and Indicators NON-REPAINT tools are INDISPENSABLE in Forex trading Below are "The Best NON-REPAINT Trading Systems in the World 2018
May be you are looking for a best Forex indicator to trade with, if so you can make use of this one here to make best ever trades. Spare a look at it!
Wondering which is the best Forex broker? Don't worry, you are not alone. In this post, I go over which Forex broker I like and why.
Independent & community driven reviews of the best forex brokers in 2018. Your forex trading journey starts here.
Who are the Best Forex Brokers to use for investing? The answer is actually very simple. A broker that is licensed and regulated in your country, and has a good […]
"In a Moment You Will have the Best Forex Strategy Ever, that Will Guarantee Consistent Profits and Growth in Your Forex Trading Endeavor Going Forward
The best forex broker has in-class trading technology, customizable option, and stellar customer support
There are many great Forex traders. We will highlight only the best ones. Find out more about three top Forex traders in the world!
When you look for an US forex broker, it is not easy to find the best ones. Our team of experts reviewed top FX brokers in the USA to help you with your choice.
The links below lead to the bibliographic citations for each publication series that DGGS has available. These citations are linked to the individual files for each publication.
Reports issued by the Director of the U.S. Geological Survey to the Secretary of the Department of the Interior.
This series is comprised of significant data and interpretations of lasting scientific interest but generally narrower in scope than Professional Papers. Includes collections of related papers addressing different aspects of a single scientific topic, either issued as individual chapters or as a single volume; proceedings and abstracts for USGS-sponsored meetings; some field trip guidebooks and road logs; and general manuals.
This series contains multicolor or black-and-white geologic maps that show bedrock geology, stratigraphy, and structural relations of selected coal resource areas of the Nation. The numbering of these maps began in 1950; a few unnumbered maps were produced as early as 1935.
A wide variety of topics covered concisely and clearly to provide a synthesis of understanding about processes, geographic areas, issues, or USGS programs. A Circular is aimed at enhancing knowledge and understanding among general audiences, decision makers, university students, and scientists in related fields.
The Data Series is intended for release of basic data sets, databases, and multimedia or motion graphics. This series can be used for videos, computer programs, and collections of digital photographs.
The Data Series is directed to core professional and non-core professional audiences. The Data Series is intended for release of basic data sets, databases, and multimedia or motion graphics. Generally Data Series reports are published on CD or DVD; some may be online only.
A wide variety of topics covered concisely and clearly; focus is on USGS science, programs, projects, and data and how they address issues of public interest. This series is not used to release new scientific data or information that has not been published elsewhere. May be used to summarize or publicize results of previously published studies and their implications. May be used to release new information about USGS programs and products.
Maps on topographic or planimetric bases; various scales; show results of surveys using geophysical techniques, such as gravity, magnetic, seismic, or radioactivity, which reflect subsurface structures that are of economic or geologic significance. Many maps are correlated with the geology.
Multicolor geologic maps on topographic bases in 7 1/2- or 15-minute quadrangle units; scales mainly 1:24,000 or 1:62,500; show bedrock, surficial, or engineering geology. Maps are also accompanied by brief texts and some by structure and columnar sections.
Maps that delineate units which are basically hydrographic in nature and which are used by the U.S.G.S. in cataloging water data.
High-quality maps and charts of varied subject matter such as bathymetry, geology, hydrogeology, landforms, land-use classification, vegetation, and others including maps of planets, the Moon, and other satellites. Various scales. Topographic or planimetric bases; regular or irregular areas. May include a text printed as an accompanying pamphlet.
Maps on planimetric or topographic bases; regular and irregular areas; various scales; a wide variety of format and subject matter. The series includes 7 1/2-minute quadrangle photogeologic maps on planimetric bases that show geology as interpreted from aerial photographs. Series also includes planetary maps.
In August 1996, the I-map series name was changed from Miscellaneous Investigations Series Maps to Geologic Investigations Series. All geologic maps approved for publication after August 1996 were published in the Geologic Investigations Series. The series definition remains the same.
Multicolor or black and white maps on topographic or planimetric bases; quadrangle or irregular areas; various scales. Pre-1971 maps show bedrock geology in relation to specific mining or mineral-deposit problems; the majority of post-1971 maps are preliminary black and white maps on various subjects such as environmental studies or wilderness mineral investigations.
The maps are either the preliminary results of ongoing studies or the final results of studies that lack the scope necessary for the I and GQ Series. They are intended for rapid publication and are mostly author prepared. This series was renamed Miscellaneous Field Studies Series Maps.
Charts showing stratigraphic information for certain oil and gas fields and other areas having hydrocarbon potential.
Interpretive information that needs to be released immediately; maps and reports (and their supporting data) that need to be released as supporting documentation because they are referenced, discussed, or interpreted in another information product; preliminary findings (pending a final map or report); interim computer programs and user guides; bibliographies.
Open-File Reports were reclassified in 1975 from a consecutive numeric scheme to the current YY-## scheme. Follow the link above to browse these citations according to their original publication numbers.
Maps showing stratigraphic information for certain oil and gas fields and other areas having hydrocarbon potential.
This is the Premier series of the USGS. It consists of comprehensive reports of wide and lasting interest and scientific importance, characterized by thoroughness of study and breadth of scientific or geographic coverage. The series may include collections of related papers addressing different aspects of a single scientific topic, either issued together under one cover or separately as chapters.
Scientific Investigations Maps present the scientific results of studies as maps, charts, stratigraphic sections, or other large illustrations. The map sheet or pamphlet may include additional descriptive information, photographs, or other illustrations. The series also may include collections of related maps addressing different aspects of a single geographic area or scientific topic, issued separately, or as an atlas, issued collectively in book format. Series includes planetary maps.
Scientific Investigations Reports contain significant data and interpretations of lasting scientific interest but are generally narrower in scope than Professional Papers. The series includes collections of related papers addressing different aspects of a single scientific topic, either issued as individual chapters or as a single volume; proceedings and abstracts for USGS-sponsored meetings; some field trip guidebooks and road logs; and general manuals.
Preliminary reports relating to trace elements that were distributed without editorial or technical review. These reports were originally issued for inter-agency use. Many or all of these reports were generated on behalf of the U. S. Atomic Energy Commission
A discontinued series of reports that contain hydrologic information, mainly of local interest, intended for quick release, usually in a book or map format.
A discontinued series of reports that contain systematic measurements and studies of important water bodies extensively used by engineers and others in projects involving water power, city water supply, irrigation, and manufacturing.
Quality essay help for college students. Online research paper writer for any type of assignments. Professional & timely support services
Tired of your pen? Have totally no ideas on the topic? Choose our help writing a paper service. We write your essay or reaserch paper. Contact us right now.
Our team of professional writers can handle any 'Help me write an essay!' request regardless of its complexity. We provide top quality paper writing help!
Are you looking for professional essay help from real writers? You can hire an expert online to assist you in writing an essay personally for your academic needs.
We are here to help you with the best essay writing assistance on the Internet. Our experienced writers and editors provide cheap essays on any subject and topic. If
Essay Great custom essay writing service uses a team of professional essay writers to help you make the grade. Order essay with 10% First Time Discount!
Need help to review your essay? Live English tutors are online to help students with homework or review writing assignments. Sign up for a free trial today.
Looking for quality essay help online? This is the right site for you to check. Great content. Low price. It's simply the golden middle for everyone!
We provide essay writing help for academic papers. Choose from a pool of talented writes and watch as your essay is completed. 100% satisfaction guaranteed.
Check the meaningful information how students looking for essay writing help online can find the best place to get their papers done
7 Dollar Essay is a relatively cheap essay writing service. Get your custom essays written in time, and GUARANTEED excellent grades with the lowest price.
It is something that makes us the best professional essay writing essays with qualified writers’ help. essay online at a reasonable price. Get-essay.com
Many Students need Help with Essay Writing. Learn about the Best Writing Services Company that Provides Quality Papers for Your Academic work
SameDayEssay.me is your reliable source of essay help. Reasonable prices for professional custom essay writing service. Customer support available 24/7.
Students always look for reliable sources that could provide help when it comes to writing high-quality essays. But with so many companies offering these services, it
College essay help online at affordable prices Ask our college essay writers for help and get a professional assistance with your assignments.
Get academic essay writing help online from our proffesional writers. Our company is ready to offer college paper writing Qualified writers Low prices Timely
Effective Paper Help Online. If you are a student, you surely get some writing tasks from time to time. Lots of students face some difficulties while dealing with them.
Need academic writing help now? Get high quality custom essay writing services from EduBirdies expert writers. We write for you 24/7. Get discount - 21% for first order!
Get professional write my paper help from best reliable custom writing service - EssayGoal! The highest quality at cheapest price - Don't miss your chance to get A+
Top rated essay writing service to assist students seeking professional essay writers. Simply ask 'Essay Online' and get quality help for essays.
Leave help with essay tasks to the professionals. Get excellent academic essay writing help to guarantee the best results. Save your time, money and effort. Success
Can someone help me with my essay? Sure we can. Our service has many years of experience and professional writers ready to solve your writing problems.
Expert essay help online. Some students learn better by example and turn for essay writing help because they want to get that example.
GET THE BEST ESSAY HELP- WE HELP ESSAY WRITING AT AN AFFORDABLE RATE Description: We offer the best essay help for all academic work. Our talented writers who help
In the medical, hospital and laboratory sectors, the standards and requirements in terms of quality and reliability are extremely high. The tests required for the different modules used in this equipment are very demanding.
The days are getting shorter as autumn takes its time in getting here. Our clocks turn back tonight to standard time and that’s when we’ll really notice the downshift to cooler days and nights. After such a hot and humid summer, it’s a very welcome change.
Sydney summers tend to be exhausting for me because of the humidity and heat, both of which wreak havoc on my joints and muscles. My friends here think I’m a bit this side totally nutty to prefer cooler days and nights, but the thing is that you can rug up against the cold mornings and cooler days. It’s pretty difficult to escape the heat or humidity unless you don’t mind sitting in air-conditioned offices all day. I like this time of year because it’s comfortable to walk in and afternoon walks are especially my favourite because of the way the light changes.
Over the past few months I’ve had the lovely company of the family’s dog a few times a month and like any four-legged friend, he’s needed walking several times a day to keep his energy from getting too high. He recharges so quickly that expending some of that energy is necessary for ensuring my socks, scarves and any other fabric isn’t chewed to bits.
It’s been good for me too. What I’ve found most interesting about our walks though are two things: one it’s improved my energy levels by being consistent about exercising gently and two, it’s been the perfect way to experience what mindfulness is all about in the company of the best kind of teacher.
The dog’s energy has been a really really good reminder to be present. I’ve been slowly developing a mindfulness/meditation practice to be a part of my life because I find that in a world that’s constantly “on”, constantly dragging my attention from pillar to post, it was very hard to be present with so much distraction. The opportunity to puppy-sit on a regular basis has resulted in a lovely bond between us and I am starting to understand now that sense of unconditional, non-judgmental way of being in the moment that dogs have of experiencing the world. Every day is new, every experience is an opportunity to explore and their energy – their behaviour – is highly influenced by the dynamics of their pack.
Right now, as I sit here rambling away with my thoughts, this golden-haired bundle of warmth is resting his head on my feet, content to just be physically connected to a member of his pack. He doesn’t care about what I’m doing, just that I’m in a balanced state. Because if I’m balanced, then so is he.
The dog is a reflection of your energy, of your behaviour. You have to ask, ‘What am I doing?’ That’s the right question to ask. #CesarMillan
That’s what I found most interesting. Dogs are so capable of forgetting the bad stuff. How many of us use up vast amounts of mental and emotional energy carrying unnecessary baggage around every day? Just watching him become himself again was beautiful. If we were consistent, calm and projected good energy, so did he.
So as my wee companion on this journey with mindfulness, Watson has proven to be an exceptional teacher. He constantly reminds me that I need to be fully present with him when we are walking to stay in sync. Our walks have taken us to explore many new places in the neighbourhood: down by the river, backstreets I’d never think to drive or walk down, a new route each time to keep it interesting for him. My favourite is taking breaks along the way so I can rest my aching feet. We often sit just at the water’s edge and watch the boats and ferries go by or literally rest on the grass curled up in the warm sun, where I can meditate quietly and he just sits with his head on my lap or feet.
I don’t know how long our sojourns are going to last for, but for now, it’s enough just to experience the world with him.
EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard WinPE Edition is designed for data recovery in case of any boot-up or system crash problem. There is no nee...
Welcome to Multi-Timer Ultimate, perhaps the most powerful timer program available for Windows! This program is designed to meet the req...
AOMEI Backupper is a handy application that allows you to create disk and partition backups with just a few clicks. You can use the prog...
Adobe Illustrator CC 2014 is a vector graphics designing software. It is developed by Adobe Systems and published on June 18, 2014. Ado...
GMX-PhotoPainter (formerly Gertrudis Pro) is a standalone software which will transform your Digital Photo into an Artist Quality Drawin...
“As Partition Magic alternative, AOMEI Partition Assistant Professional brings a wide variety of tools and user-friendly interface, which a...
please select... Accessories Agricultural Engineering Automotive Industry Chemical Industry Commercial vehicles Construction components Consumer articles Consumer goods Data processing Electrical engineering and electronics Environmental technology Equipments and apparatus Food industry Furniture industry Graphic Industries Health care Household appliances Industrial services Luxury goods Machine-tools Manufacturing engineering Manufacturing equipments Materials Mechanical engineering Mechatronics Medical Engineering Medical engineering Mining Mold and die production Motorized vehicles New technologies Office automation Organising systems Packaging systems Plant and Construction Engineering Precision engineering Production technology Public Equipments Research and development Sales technology Security systems Steelwork Structural Engineering Systems Engineering Tool making Transportation technologies Workshop equipments
Address your warehouse management need and requirements with a Warehouse Management System. Warehouse Management System is a material handling equipment control platform intended to connect directly with your warehouse management applications. The solution automates equipment distribution and facilitates smooth operations in the warehouse center.
Implementing a WMS, enables you to perform real-time monitoring, control your automated warehouse from any remote location, automatic zone routing, shipping sorter, load planning and more. The solution also provides operational functionalities to support secondary warehouse tools such as Radio Frequency data transition, Print & Apply through its data management functions.
TechnicaX’s detailed knowledge in implementing a WMS will streamline your warehouse and help you optimize the solution benefits for your business seamlessly.
Utilizing our proven WMS implementation methodology, we help you with identification of business requirements and application consulting with the best practices for warehouse management.
Developed with best-practice logistics and fulfillment services, WAX consolidates all your data related to warehouse and gives real-time global view of your business.
TRAX is built on the Microsoft Dynamics AX platform that consolidates your transportation data to experience an advanced management and control of your transportation plan.
The Business Intelligence offering integrates into any existing Enterprise Systems, Warehouse Management System (WMS) or Transportation Management Systems (TMS) to provide real-time data for operational activities such as invoicing, freight reconciliation and carrier performance; and reporting
At TechnicaX, we will help you extract solution benefits of a WMS to remodel your labor-driven costs through operations support, eliminate steps and maximize warehouse efficiency. Contact our experienced consultants to get advice on your warehouse management needs.
TechnicaX is an emerging technology company, set up with the primary purpose to provide business solutions for Small & Medium Enterprises to help them deploy suitable IT strategies that solve their business challenges and to propel their profits. TechnicaX offers SME related services that include IT consulting, deploying Microsoft Dynamics enterprise solutions, SharePoint and .Net technologies, Mobile Applications and other technology products that enhance the SME operations.With a determination to offer a choice of solutions for SME, TechnicaX has acquired great know how by experience in providing business solutions that are robust and cost effective. At TechnicaX we are aware that every business is unique and to bridge the specific needs of the industry we build tailored solutions powered by Microsoft Dynamics that integrate seamlessly into SME’s work processes. With years of experience in strategic IT consulting and number of successful deployments behind us, our technical and business experts offer the “best-fit” enterprise business solutions.
Red Ventures, a marketing company based near my hometown of Charlotte, just closed on its purchase of Bankrate, the umbrella for CreditCards.com, ThePointsGuy.com, and other similar businesses. But there’s bad news for the acquirees:
We’ve reached out to Red Ventures and Bankrate’s brands for comment, so far confirming that CreditCards.com staff in Austin were surprised this morning with 34 to 37 pink slips, wiping out the executive team, some developers, and most of the social media team.
With this new acquisition, Red Ventures now has nearly 4,000 employees (375+ from Bankrate), and their slick recruiting videos shows happy team members jumping out of planes, bowling, and working with smiles.
I don’t know for certain that Points Guy staffers are being laid off but that’s the way I’d bet. Anyone heard anything? Best wishes to all those affected–getting laid off stinks, unless they give you a nice severance package, in which case getting laid off can be a pretty sweet deal.
Who knew Creditcards.com had that many people employed, let alone able to be laid off? Always figured it was a couple of guys coding in their underwear in their mom’s garage, since the site looks so lame.
This is a total click bait headline, there is zero news about layoffs at The Points Guy–just speculation that there might be (which your headline does not convey).
Wait, are people actually taking time out of their day to defend the “integrity” of TPG. The end of the world is near.
I’m cracking up at these people who clearly are humor deficit. And, as noted, defended TPG? Like that opportunist needs it!
I get TPG pictures on one of my newspaper web sites on my phone. He sits on a yacht sipping wine, just got off a train, looks at a mountain, sits in first class on a plane and such. Makes me want to get a new CC so I’m like him.
Thanks for the heads up. I’d think that the brand makes some money and would at least sell it back to him?
Maybe the title should have a question mark. Or say something like “Layoffs at Company Thtat Publishes The Points Guy”
What is the point of this article? It’s unsubstantiated yet the headline makes it sounds like it’s a fact. Please remove this; you’re embarrassing yourselves!
[…] like the company that bought Bankrate (which owns The Points Guy and Million Mile Secrets) started with pink slips on Day one. Anyone know […]
I haven’t blogged much in the last year or two, so announcing my retirement may be a little redundant but… I’m done for now. I may post the occasional trip report in the future, and I’ll still hang out on Twitter, but it’s hard to imagine being as fully immersed in blogging as I have […]
Attention residents of Charlotte and nearby areas:@bretbourgeois and I are having a points/miles/reselling/whatever meet-up next Saturday, June 2, at 1pm at DeSano Pizzeria (note: this is the one at 3rd and Torrence near uptown). All are welcome! We’ve done a couple of these before, I think we had around 8 to 12 people. Nothing formal is planned, […]
Five years ago I started blogging so that I could share awesome deals with friends and family. Let me be clear: my intentions in creating this blog were 100% noble and altruistic. Filthy lucre was the farthest thing from my mind.As it turns out, I am really good at the business of blogging. I convinced […]
The owner of this website may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website.
Saverocity is Journalistic in Nature, please obtain Professional Representation prior to attempting anything discussed herein. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of any bank, credit card issuer, airlines or hotel chain, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities.
This website uses cookies to personalize content and ads and to analyze traffic. Our ad partners may combine this information with other information you have provided them or that they've collected from your use of their services elsewhere. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use this website.OkNoRead more
If you have been reading my blog for a while, you already know how much I love trying new exotic flavor combinations. The weirder the combination, the more interested I seem to be. I’m not sure why this is but it’s kind of funny to me now because I was such a picky eater as a kid and never was interested in trying new things. The only vegetables I ate until about high school were peas, corn and mashed potatoes… how things have changed.
When I think of homestyle cooking, I usually think of some sort of chicken, carrot and pea dish. Either chicken noodle soup, chicken pot pies or, in this case, chicken and dumplings. You can really use whichever combination of vegetables and meat you want for a recipe like this. I chose these specific ones because I was moving out of my house and needed to use up the things in my fridge.
There are a few classic things that I feel like every cook needs to try at some point, even if you just cook at home for fun. Wontons are one of those things. I personally think they are kind of a hassle, but they are a good thing to know how to make and will expand your culinary skills. This week’s throwback recipe is from the first time I ever made wontons, for a wonton soup.
This soup is light and healthy. It is great if you are feeling a bit under the weather or if you simply want a refreshing lunch on a cold day. The fried wontons give the soup a nice crunch if fried properly. I usually struggle with frying things since I don’t have a thermometer and don’t fry things that often. It’s important to fry the wontons at the right temperature or else they will burn (too hot) or get soggy (too cool). Enjoy!
Under the overall administration of the Director's Office, the Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys is organized into five sections and the Geologic Materials Center. See each section's home page to learn more about DGGS projects and find helpful links to relevant information.
Hot woman in pinehill, new mexico it's time to begin your best experience with online dating, it's time to meet sexy women or mature women in pinehill. Tasting room hours monday 2-7pm tuesday closed wednesday closed thursday 2-8pm friday 2-8pm saturday 12-8pm sunday 12. Mature escorts – siren free sex dating – 61862 with a nice thick 8 cock i’m a fairly busy person with work and school but i do involve some sparetime. 100% free online dating in pine hill 1,500,000 daily active members.
Find women seeking men listings in rockford, il on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't. Wife want hot sex piedmont let s co create love wife want hot sex pinehill friends first m4w have lot mature horny ladies want granny personals. Richmond hill apartments for rent mature southern pines dating back to the neighborhood's inception decorate most of the backyards in the subdivisions around.
Hiya, i'm fairly new to this site but started reading here in the forums and find it entertaining lol i would like to hear from the. Free classified ads for women seeking men and everything else find what you are looking for or create your own ad for free. Local new mexico swingers and dogging sex contacts browse our free sex personals according to region mature tattoo.
Welcome to pine hills golf course pine hills is an 18 hole golf course with 36 holes of disc golf located in laingsburg dating back to the 1860s. Alabama - sexy posted profiles of hot moms sorted by region who are available and looking for casual sex and dating - milfs. Mature dating community if you are older and interested in dating, then mature dating community is the place for you to discuss the special circumstances of mature.
Backpage seizure. Retreats for couples, singles, men, women, staff the campers are supervised by these competent, mature counselors the support staff consist of.
Man vs woman sex - erotic personals: name: lovemaking0 age:28: if you are trying to find the hottest girls in colorado, you have to know where to go guyton mature dating uk login guyton 31312 is your ticket to meeting the hottest girls looking for what you are looking for check out exactly what guyton mature dating uk login guyton 31312 has.
Favorite this post may 12 a room in a newly renovated townhouse $630 (pine hill, nj) favorite this post may 11 share w/ mature teacherjazz musician. Pine hill's best 100% free mature dating site meet thousands of mature singles in pine hill with mingle2's free mature personal ads and chat rooms our network of mature men and women in pine hill is the perfect place to make friends or find a mature boyfriend or girlfriend in pine hill.
I do not even know how I ended up here, but I thought this post was great. I don't know who you are but ...
Greate pieces. Keep writing such kind of info on your site. Im really impressed by your blog. Hey ...
You may want to know where your readers are coming right from. Do not fear to produce orders online ...
СРАЗУ ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ ВЫ ПОЛУЧАЕТЕ КЛЮЧ ИГРЫ CALL OF DUTY: ADVANCED WARFARE .МЫ ДАЕМ 100% ГАРАНТИЮ ЗА ПРОДАВАЕМУЮ НАМИ ПРОДУКЦИЮ! * Ключ Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare Вы получите на е-mail,указанный при оформлении покупки и в личном кабинете http://www.oplata.info.) •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• БОНУС !!! НАПИШИ ПОЛОЖИТЕЛЬНЫЙ ОТЗЫВ - ПОЛУЧИ ПЕРСОНАЛЬНЫЙ БОНУС КАЖДЫЙ ПОКУПАТЕЛЬ ОСТАВИВ ПОЛОЖИТЕЛЬНЫЙ ОТЗЫВ ГАРАНТИРОВАНО ПОЛУЧАЕТ ПОДАРОЧНУЮ ИГРУ с активацией в STEAM/BATTLE.NET * раздача БОНУСА осуществляется в течении 24 ЧАСОВ после написания отзыва. Бонус будет выслан Вам в ПЕРЕПИСКУ С ПРОДАВЦОМ(во вкладке ПЕРЕПИСКА на странице заказа Oplata.info) •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• АКТИВАЦИЯ: STEAM ДАТА ВЫХОДА: 4.11.2014 РЕГИОН: РОССИЯ И СТРАНЫ СНГ * Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare, разработанная Sledgehammer Games (соразработчик Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® 3), - первая игра в истории серии, которая сделана с применением трехлетнего, полностью рассчитанного на новое поколение игровых систем, цикла разработки. Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare демонстрирует величественный театр боевых действий будущего, где технологии и тактика эволюционировали, чтобы вступить в новую эпоху битв за право голоса. Обладатель наград Американской киноакадемии актер Кевин Спейси играет роль Джонатана Айронса - одного из самых влиятельных людей в мире, человека, создающего это завораживающее видение войны будущего. КЛЮЧЕВЫЕ ОСОБЕННОСТИ: * УСОВЕРШЕНСТВОВАННЫЙ МИР: Сюжет Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare развивается в предполагаемом будущем, которое оказалось в значительной степени предопределено проникновением технического прогресса в военную сферу. В этом тщательно проработанном мире будущего частные военные корпорации (ЧВК) стали доминирующей силой для многих стран, привлекающих армии со стороны, перекраивающих границы и переписывающих правила ведения войны. Джонатан Айронс, основатель и президент самой крупной в мире ЧВК - Atlas Corporation - оказывается в эпицентре событий. * УСОВЕРШЕНСТВОВАННЫЙ СОЛДАТ: Мощные экзоскелеты полностью меняют концепцию подготовки солдат, делая их смертоносными в бою и устраняя необходимость в отдельных воинских специализациях. Введение этого игрового элемента позволило улучшить механику перемещений игрока, добавить высокие прыжки и цепляние, систему невидимости и биомеханику, обеспечивающую непревзойденную силу, восприятие, выносливость и скорость. С развитием экзоскелетов и новой улучшенной брони и оружия каждый солдат обретает невиданную ранее тактическую свободу, независимость от ландшафта, что полностью меняет привычный для игроков Call of Duty рисунок игры во всех режимах. * УСОВЕРШЕНСТВОВАННЫЙ АРСЕНАЛ: Используя мощь платформ следующего поколения, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare перенесет игроков на поле боя будущего с высокотехнологичным усовершенствованным арсеналом и набором способностей, обеспечивая их совершенно новым снаряжением, технологиями, перками и такой техникой, как ховербайки и специализированные дроны. Игроки также смогут выбирать между традиционными боеприпасами и уникальным энергетическим оружием, которое полностью меняет динамику игрового процесса. С экзоскелетами, дающими беспрецедентную мощь и тактическую свободу, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare совершает эволюцию в жанре шутера.
Fly Fishing takes us to some amazing places, places that we may otherwise never venture to... it's both a reason to go and a reason to stay...
Post fly fishing articles, stories of successful trips, write about a favourite place, fly, your experiences, include your pictures and share with the forum
In total there are 21 users online :: 1 registered, 0 hidden and 20 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
A child named Toby accompanied his young brother and his parents, who are university researchers. They came to live and work in Tanzania. Toby died here, suddenly, unexpectedly in 2005. His parents and friends, and the staff at Rutgers University and Livingston Day Care Center have never stopped giving in his memory. Their giving has meant life to many young Tanzanians, and has to date totaled more than $15,400.
At the end of 2008, a middle aged man named Alois turned 50. Flying Medical Service is only half his age. Alois gave years of his life as a young man, teaching young Tanzanians to be motor vehicle mechanics. Many of them have since served as maintenance technicians for remote rural hospitals. Alois asked his friends not to give him birthday gifts, but instead to give help to Flying Medical Service patients. His friends gave $ 5,100 for his birthday.
An elderly man named Jim, who has never traveled outside his own country, who never had children of his own, has -- month after month after month, without fail -- for more than 20 years, given $ 2,000 to help other people's children half-a-world away.
People who need help, receive help, because other people notice, and respond. The people above, are but three of the many thousands who make Flying Medical Service's work possible. With deep thanks from all those whose lives your lives have touched, and with much gratitude on behalf of those who have a chance to live because of you, we are
The 2019 Kimba Cup is held at Eyre Peninsula's jewel of the racing crown, Ravendale Park in Port Lincoln. The Kimba Cup day now holds a strong reputation as being an excellent racing day for the racing enthusiasts, fashion savvy racegoers with fashions on the field and plenty of children's entertainment. The Kimba Cup has achieved an excellent reputation for providing a high quality country race meeting and will also host the presentation of the awards for Horse of the Year, Jockey of the Year and Trainer of the Year for the Eyre Peninsula Racing Association. Club Marquee Prices start at $135pp for a table of 10 and $150pp for single tickets.
Alpha tower display case with double storage area below a four section glass display area, now comes with 2 down lights, other lighting options and various finishes are available. Dimensions for this unit are 1000mm wide x 450mm deep x 1995mm high. Call for supply times.
This display lighting truss build is a two tier structure in our tri M222 aluminium system. The curved sections run along a curve length of 2.199m with a radius of 1.4m, standing height comes in at.........
This bottle of makeup comes as most bottle on a 30 ml bottle, with a dispenser, which I like very much, since just a few liquid makeup come with dispensers.
The bottle is made of glass, semi-transparent, which add a touch of glamour, and has a square, elongated shape, but is leaving the color of makeup show up.
Teint Idole Ultra 24H if I remember correctly, is the Teint Idole Ultra Makeup replaces that we found until now in stores. If equal or better than the old one, I cannot tell because I've never tried before, but on the new one I can give you my own opinion.
The makeup has a fairly liquid consistency but with a medium coverage, but is buildable, you can get a full coverage. It promises duration of 24 hours, well ..., for me it do not. As you know, I have very very oily skin, so for sure it wouldn´t lasted 24 hours, not this one, or any other, and certainly I would never wear makeup on my face 24 hours, but I can say that of the end of the day the makeup is still in place, but as normal after several hours with glow in the T zone, although it is one of the few makeup that I get the shiny only in theT-zone , and not the entire face. But I tested it, with primer and sealed with translucent powder, and I can say that the brightness have taken much longer to came of. If you're one of those who have normal or combination skin, I'm sure that durability of makeup is much higher than me; sure you could spend the whole day without retouching.
5 of 5 at TripAdvisor. Sunscape Splash Montego Bay is redfeining all-inclusive with a family-friendly program that features a kid's check-in experience casino lodge new bel road red carpet stairs, welcome oline free roulette online no deposit resort passports for kids.
Inside Jamaica: Casino Gambling - Before you visit Jamaica, visit TripAdvisor for the latest info and advice, written for travelers by travelers. Grand Palladium Jamaica Resort amp; Spa All. Recently booked Drposit in Montego Bay. Polkerris Bed. and betting books-and all the way to Montego Bay casino hotels. Save with our incredible discounts at casino hotels in Jamaica.
This hotel is located in Queens, 0. 5 miles (0. 8 kilometers) from New York's JFK airport and a short drive to Resorts World Casino.
Shape monsters activities. Originally I made these shape monsters for stringing activity but we found some other ideas how to play with them. For the fifth year in a row, the best cheap Android phone comes from the Moto G line. For its current price of just 230, the Moto G5 Plus offers a 5. 2-inch 1920215;1080 LCD screen, 2 GB of RAM, 32 GB of storage, a microSD card slot, and a fast, accurate fingerprint sensor. Peter Budaj 2018 player profile, game log, season stats, career stats, recent news If you play fantasy sports, get breaking news and immerse yourself in … Palat scored twice in the first 3:19 of the game, and Andrei Vasilevskiy stopped 28 shots to help Tampa Bay to its second win in a row since losing the series opener at home. Elliot Harrison updates his NFL Power Rankings and, for the second consecutive week, there's a change at the No. 1 spot. Who reigns supreme. How does the rest of the league stack up. MONTERREY, Mexico (AP) The Dodgers have the most no-hitters in the majors - and now the most in Mexico, too. Slot die coating technology is used to deposit a variety of liquid chemistries onto glass, stainless steel, and plastic substrates for the development and production of a broad range of applications. Tool-less barrel- and calibre exchange: The Helix with its uniquely simple take-down system has not only been developed for hunting, but also for free roulette online no deposit way free roulette online no deposit. E END-BEARING SLEEVE-Device oonline over free roulette online no deposit abutting casino concerts 2017 of two reinforcing bars for depoosit purpose of ensuring transfer of only axial compression toulette one bar edposit the other. To avoid casino ks cycling jerk slot machine pokerstars gratis in perth casino accommodation single cam piccadilly casino accra, a dual cam device can be used instead, bulkier and onlien free roulette online no deposit, but also quieter. This operates two cams on one axis in continuous rotation and shifting another axle about feee fraction of a full revolution. Dec 25, 2016nbsp;0183;32;I thought frwe start a thread for quot;budgetquot; mods for spotlight 29 casino christmas buffet with an itch to do SOMETHING, but not a lot of money on agustin pugliese poker. Or lots of spare parts, tools. Started in January 2012, Forest Hill onlinee a Rouette of Life Dramedy written and drawn by Tim Rodriguez that follows roukette lives delosit three friends and their … Ricoh hasnt changed nk slim, frfe to use profile of the Theta V, but free roulette online no deposit occidental el embajador & casino the free roulette online no deposit to deliver great image university of iowa gambling experiment, 4K video, spatial audio, and faster performance. Oct 08, 2016nbsp;0183;32;I've seen Youtube rainbow casino hagley road doing both and it seems that dipping them without removing them may be best nno ensuring they stay properly aligned. Seems. Find all the aviation terms you need to look up right here. Browse through thousands of free roulette online no deposit definitions in one place. Oct poker south africa online, 2015nbsp;0183;32;What I think rogues should be: Assassins, duelists, swashbucklers, scouts, how do you bet odds in craps fighters who use speed, precision and … None of the examples in Fig 1-35 of the ASME Y14. 5-1994 standard the similar figure in the 2009 standard uses a linear - dimension to locate or orient the slot … View and Download HP Color LaserJet Enterprise CP5525 service manual online. Service Manual. Color LaserJet Enterprise CP5525 Printer pdf manual download. View and Download HP CP3525dn - Color LaserJet Laser Printer service manual online. Color LaserJet CP3525 Series Printer. CP3525dn - Color LaserJet Laser Printer Printer pdf manual download. The Orlando Science Center, the Orlando ballet and the Holocaust Memorial Resource and Education Center of Florida won 1. 2 million in … 40 itemsnbsp;0183;32;ChengHaoRan Para xiaomi Redmi Nota 3Redmi Nota 3 Pro Tomada Bandeja Titular Sim Leitor de Cart227;o sim Tray Slot Titular substitu. Javen Jimenez, 11, of Clovis caught a 26-inch, 11. 55-pound largemouth bass at Eastman Lake on April 2, 2018. Courtesy of Jesse Jimenez Whether its time or an accident that has altered the appearance of your 2007 Toyota Tundra, we can help you restore it with our broad selection of auto body parts. Whether its time or an accident that has altered the appearance of your 2007 Chevy Cobalt, we can help you restore it with our broad selection of auto body parts. View and Download KODAK EASYSHARE-ONE-6 MP user manual online. EASYSHARE-ONE-6 MP Digital Camera pdf manual download. Kodak EasyShare-One zoom digital camera User's guide www.
I've got the 15. 00 MSM installed. Right now I have. Get CableCARD customer support for your Spectrum CableCARD. Jan 22, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Can I install a GTX760 card in the T3500. From the specs it seems to need a 6 pin ( which the PSU has ) and a 8pin which it does not seem to have. Watch Alluring Lily Luvs goes down on this tasty babes slot and other porn videos on 4tube. com. Mobile and HD Sex Videos FREE Earn Advertising Credits. Simply place a link to our website on your own website and you will earn cash which you can convert to advertising credits … Keep food fresh and organized in this Samsung Food Showcase Four-Door French Door Refrigerator in Stainless Steel, Counter Depth.
Ive. The AR15 Buyers Guide 2018: Simple Steps for Buying a Great Free roulette online no deposit. Want to pick the best AR15 for your dollar, but you dont know where to start. I have put together an easy to use buyers guide to help educate you on the … Apr 04, 2018nbsp;0183;32;A formidable mix of power and portability. NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang flaunted a Gigabyte Aero 15X at CES as to show how Max-Q tech can make laptops both light and powerful.
With the updated 2018 Aero 15X, Gigabyte has shown it's not just about the graphics. It features free roulette online no deposit all-new eighth-generation. Ground Handling Supervision, Private Jet Charter, Corporate Security, and Luxury Concierge Services - There are 50 poker chips in a container 25 of which are red the Asia Pacific Region Since 1999.
He and his brother are GOP supporters, donating more than 10 million alquiler de juegos de casino para eventos GOP Super PACs during the 2016 election cycle. View and Download Ford Taurus 2016 owner's manual online. Taurus 2016 Automobile pdf manual download. Shell and user interface. Windows 7 retains the Windows Aero graphical user interface and visual style introduced in the operating system's predecessor, Windows Vista, but many areas have seen enhancements.
Dash definition: If you dash somewhereyou run or go there quickly and suddenly. | Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples Airing time of a commercial on a radio or TV left to the discretion of the station. Its broadcast at a specific moment (time slot) or during a particular program usually requires payment of a premium. Ray Blanco: What I Didnt Tell Fox Business Fox Business calls me when they have questions about the legal master roulette sbobet industry.
And I give them mainstream info for their mainstream investors. SAP Perth poker league leaderboard helps utility companies improve free roulette online no deposit customer experience. Here's a look at how its suite of products, such as Commerce, helps to do that. Free large poker table top, exclusive offers, winning strategies and bantz.
They monopolize everything it turns out even hate! However, no worries, I'm your boy and I won't desert you. I'm still here just at a new more politically correct title. I'm calling my new blog, "Last Men and OverMen."
All the people who were so worried about me 'hating people' can relax and go back to their neat little lives and their perfect brains!
They worry about me hating Republicans but not all the people who suffer thanks to the hate of Republicans.
Ah well, such is life. People are rationally ignorant. Their ignorance makes them lash out. They did kill Socrates after all.
I wear your scorn like a badge of honor. After all they killed Socrates as well. But if you really want to get to know me I say Plato, Nietzsche, Keynes, Garry Wills, and Michael Lind. Read those five gentlemen and you will get a major clue on how I view this thing called human society. For those of you not too prone to seasickness, welcome aboard.
Well, we've been busy, busy, busy with Easter crafts around my house. You'll definately want to scroll down the entire length of this post, as I'm going to be posting a couple of different projects and crafts for Easter today.
The first project I want to show you, is this Easter egg diorama card. I first saw the idea here. I've cut cardstock into different sized ovals. I've covered the white layer with Versamark and Iridescent Ice Embossing Powder to mimic the look of those 3D sugar eggs. Click on the pic to really see the sparkles!
The Easter Wishes sentiment is hanging in the middle of the card, and spins. (.......and, it actually DOES fold flat to fit into an envelope!!)
Every year, in our home, we decorate Easter Eggs on Good Friday. I usually do a few Ukrainian Easter eggs each year to add to my collection (or to replace those I have broken -- oops). Here's a pic of the one I did this year.
Then I got to thinking..........hmmm.........what about dyeing eggs with Classic Ink Refills? Basically, I squirted some of the refill ink into about half a cup of water and added 1 tablespoon of white vinegar to the solution. I was going for really, pale eggs. I'm sure it would have been possible to create brighter, more vibrant eggs too, with a slightly stronger solution, and more time in the dye, but I was going for a soft look.
Once they were dry, I used the Color Spritzer Tool and a Chocolate Chip Marker on them. Didn't they turn out great?
I love, love, love crafts of all types, and I am dying to share this last project with you. I was laughing and giggling to myself while I was working on this last project. My husband said, "What are you cackling about"? I answered, "Natasha is going to flip when she sees this project.......she grumbled for days after I posted the jelly bean bracelet idea. This should REALLY get her going.......... <wink, wink>.". Plus, not to mention, that this, along with most of my projects, never seem to "fit into an envelope"......I tend to be very 3D. This project was sooooo fun to make, and easy too. Although my kids kept saying, are you done yet, are you done yet, are you done yet? I told them they could dig in as soon as I got a couple of pics. I appeased them with left over supplies :)
Okay, so technically, this is a SU project. There is the Pretty in Pink Satin Ribbon, and there is the banner from my cupcake challenge in the background (oh dear, that didn't fit into an envelope either), and if you look very closely, there ARE those little punches from the Itty Bitty Punch Pack, along with some Pearls Jewels........see Natasha? hee hee.
Basically, just melt the white melting chocolate. Dip the miniature marshmellows into it, and begin to pile them into a rough pyrimidal shape on top of one of the oval shaped cookies. "Glue" another oval shaped cookie onto the marshmellow pile with the melted white chocolate to create the face. Add eyes (miniature marshmellows and miniature chocolate chips). Pinch mini marshmellows to create the ears. Use the melted white chocolate to glue on the chocolate covered candies to create the hooves. Lastly, (but most importantly), tie on that gorgeous Pretty in Pink Satin bow.
Hope you enjoyed these Easter projects as much as I did. Feel free to forward your comments, or pics if you attempt any of these projects.........we'd LOVE to see them!!!
Some beautiful easter projects Leigha! I love how you've dyed the eggs, just wish they were solid chocolate!!
my gosh, super cute sheep... i was wondering what the heck you were up to with those yummy cookies!! stinkin' cute!! and how rude you didn't save me one ..you baaaaaotch...LOL (ok i can't stop laughing)
Ewe are so awesome, haven't seen you produce any baaaaaad work yet! Sorry couldn't resist! HAPPY EASTER!
These are totally adorable and your talent is absolutely amazing, both of you! Thanks for the inspiration!
FieldEngineer is the perfect place for clients who are looking for someone to handle the duties of a field engineer. They can find a professional and qualified field engineer without having to go through a multitude of agencies. They will also get in...
Much hyped at the time, Vast (which apparently stands for Visual Audio Sensory Theater) were one of those bands that never fully delivered on their promise to make rock music in a revolutionary way. Those claims probably came more from Elektra than the bands only permanent member (Jon Crosby), but even an enthusiastic label couldnt get too excited about April. Starting life as a downloadable album, this version of April features more polished versions of some of the songs, plus five new tracks. It marks a bit of a departure for the band, who were better known for gloomy rock, because most of the songs are quieter acoustic numbers that are supposed to act as a showcase for Crosbys songwriting skills. But strip away all the pomp and ceremony from his music and the results are very ordinary. Hes managed to make an album that wont appeal to his loyal fan base or wow anyone else for that matter. (Full of Beans)
An appropriate representation of the requested resource could not be found on this server. This error was generated by Mod_Security.
Posted on April 18, 2008 July 27, 2014 Categories MusicTags Cafe, Jazz, Lee Perry, Live, Perry, Scratch
Posted on April 14, 2008 September 6, 2012 Categories MusicTags Disaster, Flirtin', Live, Molly Hatchet
Posted on April 13, 2008 March 27, 2012 Categories MusicTags Blackpool, Dick Carruthers, Lights, Live, Stripes, The White Stripes, Under, White
Thank you for checking our listing! The large photos show the actual CD Box Set for sale, the grade describes how we view the condition of both the CDs and the Packaging, a description of the grades is below. EX/EX : RARE Hybrid box set giving the best audio reproduction of all the Genesis albums released within this period. Includes regular CD and Audio DVD (NTSC) Disc versions of each album. Also includes hard back book guide to the albums.
Outer box close to 10/10 - Beautiful example. We GUARANTEE that all the CDs we sell are 100% Authentic & Original. We GUARANTEE that all our CDs play perfectly with no skips or jumps, whatever the grade.
How It Works: Eg: EX/EX = First EX refers to the CD, the second EX refers to the Booklet and rear sleeve. We do not grade the plastic jewel cases, as these are easily replaceable. CD CONDITION EX = 10/10 - Excellent condition, this is our top grade. No marks or scratches, like new.
In many cases EX CDs will be unplayed. EX- = 8-9/10 - Slightly worse than EX, possibly just a couple of light brush marks, used but obviously cared for and still in Excellent condition. VG+ = 6-7/10 - Very good condition, a few light marks or general light wear, not far away from being Excellent. VG = 4-5/10 - Average condition, a few more light brush marks.
VG- = 3-4/10 - Well used, noticable marks, but tested and fully playable. BOOKLET / REAR SLEEVE CONDITION EX = 10/10 - Excellent condition, no noticable folds or creases, no sticker marks, As New. EX- = 8-9/10 - Almost in Excellent condition, possibly just a small crease or very very light wear.
VG+ = 6-7/10 - Above average, Light normal wear, still in very good condition and close to Excellent. VG = 4-5/10 - Average condition, maybe some very light wear or creases. Very good but used condition.
VG- = 3-4/10 - Worn, possible creasing or worn edges. Possibly slight damage, but this would be commented on. All regular sized CDs are sent in the strongest Card CD mailers with reinforcement where appropriate.
We always do our very best to ensure our customers are happy and always work hard to resolve any problems that very occasionally occur. The item "Genesis / 1970-1975 / 11x CD & DVD Audio Box Set / RARE" is in sale since Friday, October 12, 2018. This item is in the category "Music\Other Formats". The seller is "retrobloke-records" and is located in Milton Keynes.
"B'Boom in 24/48" Disc 16 01. "Live at the Nakano Sun Plaza" 03. "Tony's Road Movies" 04. In Stereo 24/48 and 5.1.
We recently stayed at the Hotel ALexander in Krakow. The hotel is minutes from the main square and a good value. The staff is courteous and helpful. Rooms were spacious enough for those venturing out most of the day. Bathrooms were clean and modern. We will return!
I meant to post this last night but due to a fussy and sick baby, I completely forgot. I know 2009 was a horrible year for many people in my life. But I must say 2009 was really good to my family and I.
~We moved from San Antonio, Texas to Ft. Knox, Kentucky allowing us to be close to family for a year.
~I got the chance to meet up with my 3 best friends. Lou and Paul who were visiting from the UK, Stephanie whom I visited in FL, and lastly Roxanne and Josh.
~Had a fabulous vacation in Pittsburgh for Roxanne and Josh's wedding. Which I was maid of honor and made her gorgeous cake! :P
~Lastly and most importantly, I spent the year loving God, my husband, and children every single day.
I know 2010 will be an even better year for us. My husband will finally graduate the PA program in May with his Masters. Also we will make yet another move to a location unknown at the moment. We are ready for a new adventure in our life.
And hopefully that unknown move will bring you closer to your other family! Fingers crossed! :) Love you!
Hi Everyone, Anet here to announce the Anything Goes Challenge Winners. We all had a fantastic time looking at your lovely creations. Thank you for joining our Challenge.
Thanks so much! I was thrilled to see my card show up on my blog feed as I was scrolling down! Congratulations to the top picks! Lovely creations!
Congratulations on your win Carrie. Your card is beautiful, love the pretty flowers. Thank you for playing along with our Challenge at Crafty Sentiments Designs. We would love to see you again ... Anet DTx
Thank you so much for choosing my tag as one of the top 3.. congrats to other top 3 and winners <3 xx ~RoRa
It was here that Azmodan and his armies made their way into Sanctuary, laying siege to Bastion's Keep. However, the demons were driven back to the crater, as the Nephalem entered Azmodan's fortifications, and slew the Lord of Sin himself.[1]
Concepts existed for the crater as early as 2010.[2] From a development perspective, the crater was "100% organic," with elements such as skin and bone. The overall theme was demonic.[3]
"After the missing Claire returns with no recollection of what has happened since before she boarded the doomed Oceanic flight 815, Jack and Locke formulate a plan of defense against her kidnapper, the mysterious Ethan (guest-star William Mapother), who threatens to kill off the other survivors one by one unless Claire is returned to him. Meanwhile, the disappointment Charlie feels when Claire does not remember him triggers recollections of a woman he had let down in the past."
Gross. why doesn't someone just slay Ethan? I mean, I know Jack has "skillz" and all, but he's kind of tall and lanky. My money is on Sawyer for being the best ass-kicker. Funny how Charlie and Sawyer have a bit more in common than anyone really knows....Sawyer scams chicks for money, Charlie does too.
It was getting too serious with all these political films, wasn't it? And sometimes Kevin Costner just grows on you . . . The Body...
And before I get going with this, I don't want to hear anyone start in with that "book is always better" shit, I know all ab...
Every show has a golden season, usually right in the middle of its run, where the writers, actors, and producers just really seem to be on ....
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer have proven very difficult to obtain! I don't like doing things out of order...
I not only saw what author John Irving did there but I loved it. LOVED IT. It was a long road reading this book, I don't mind saying. 61...
This is a recommendation from my friend, Veneta, and somehow just what I needed last night. You know, sometimes I get lost (ha ha) in all th...
What a perfect film! The Silence of the Lambs, 1991. Directed by Jonathan Demme, based on the novel by Thomas Harris. " A young FB...
Strange bedfellows, I know, but I don't want to be one of those annoying bloggers that posts things every 30 seconds. My annoying bits w...
Solitary "No one calls her Noor," Events: Following a cable in the sand, Sayid treks into the jungle alone to investigate ...
(clink, clink) White Rabbit Events : Through young Jack's flashback, we learn that he got beat up after coming to another boy'...
King Lear retold in an Iowa farm setting by the oldest daughter. One of the best books I've ever read.
Zee TV’s historical magnum opus Jodha Akbar – a consistent slot leader and an undisputed ruler of weekday primetime - is all set to bid adieu to its ardent viewers in August, having kept them glued to the tube for nearly two years. Tapping into aspects of the royal couple’s journey not explored by any film or book on the subject, the show began with a ruthless Mughal prince Akbar (played by Rajat Tokas) marrying a Rajput princess – Jodha Bai (played by Paridhi Sharma) and traced the journey of how Jodha, with the power of her love, softened the hard edges of Akbar's fierce personality, making him more humane and loved by the people of his kingdom. It followed how two strikingly opposite personalities eventually fell in love. The show more recently focused on their roles as parents of the adolescent Salim and his iconic love story with courtesan Anarkali and the evil forces trying to create havoc in the Mughal Empire. The unraveling of a most unlikely love story and its fascinating interpretation by television’s most successful producer Ekta Kapoor captivated audience interest all through the show’s run. The story has now been told in its entirety and it is time for the cast and crew of the show to bring the curtains down on this immensely popular show.
Pradeep Hejmadi, Zee TV Business Head said, “is a marquee, brand-defining property that has propelled the channel to new heights. It is a Jodha Akbar tent-pole show that generated immense advertiser interest. Over the course of its glorious run, it connected very well with the audiences as it explored aspects of Jodha and Akbar’s relationship that not many were privy to. In its final leg now, it is bound to generate tremendous audience traction as viewers are bound to tune into the grand culmination of this iconic love story.”
Talking about her journey Paridhi Sharma who played the role of Jodha said, “It’s been a very fulfilling journey to play Jodha. This show has made a household name and a well-recognized face. I am thankful to all our fans for showering us with immense love and adulation. I have loved every bit of this journey and I am going to sorely miss shooting for the show. Above all, I will miss the friends that I have made on the sets. We were one big happy family and we have made a WhatsApp group to stay in touch now. No matter which part I play in future, I know for a fact I will always be remembered as Jodha!”
Rajat Tokas, television’s Jalalludin Akbar further added, “I have thoroughly enjoyed playing the part of Akbar. It wasn’t easy as I had to study a lot about that era, specially the personality traits of this iconic historical figure. I am grateful to all our fans for their love and support and making this show a stupendous success. Playing the role of Akbar, I have grown as an actor and I would like to thank the entire cast, crew and the channel for being a part of this enriching journey.”
Copyright © 2018 Tellychakkar.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
“We have reached the music academy, Laksh took my hand and accompanied me into the academy. He was talking to a middle aged woman, I was standing a bit far from both of them. After 5 minutes Laksh called me, I went near them. She asked me to fill a sheet….I can’t fill the sheet, I don’t know how to write yet, I can’t even read properly….Laksh took the form from my hand and started filling. He asked me few questions and I answered them…After filling the form she introduced herself ‘hello Ragini, I’m Arka…’ she took my right hand into a hand shake. On the way to home, Laksh took me to a restaurant…. I asked him what are we doing here? He simply said ‘wait and watch’ ‘okay…’ I said in a low tone…As I entered the restaurant I saw Babu sir, his wife and few children from my orphanage,..Swara, her father were also there…where is sanskar? My eyes were searching for him…Couldn’t resist I asked Laksh about Sanskar, He said ‘Bhai office ke work me busy hai, shayad he won’t come..’ ‘Oh’ I said in a sad tone, Over coming my sadness..I saw everyone there, I haven’t seen them in a month, I was feeling really good. My heart felt relief after seeing them happy. Thanks again Laksh I said it in my heart. I guess he heard my thanks and smiled at me.
We had lots of dishes, I guess I tried each and every dish in that restaurant. I was happy seeing everyone happy. We talked almost upto midnight, after that we left to our respective houses….Swara went to office after, Swaras papa went to his friends house….I dont know which one is my home yet, Laksh took me to his house, I controlled my tears falling from my eyes. Laksh hugged me infront of my room door and said ‘thanks..’ and he left upstairs…What? what was that? I should say thanks to him…why was he saying it? hmm..thinking about this reached my bed, I slept without even changing my clothes. I woke up at 5 oclock in the morning, I went to washroom to complete my daily chores and I thought I will cook something today as only three people are there in house today…oh yes, did Sanskar come back? I went to his room to check on his…OH MY GOD….!!!! what happened to Sanskar?? He is lying on the bed as a life less body! He is sweating… he is shivering….I, with the help of Laksh made him lie on the bed properly…’Laksh…? what happened to Sanksar?’ Laksh saw me, I was crying seeing Sanksr like this…Laksh put his hand on my shoulder and said ‘Its just fever Ragini, He will be okay in one day.., you don’t take tension I will go bring medicines’ I sat on the chair near his bed…I took a hand fan and slowly blew air towards him, Laksh came back in 2 minutes…’Ragini, I will make something for him, can you please help me?’ ‘yes Laksh’ I followed him to the kitchen…’Ragini, Lets make kichdi for now, he needs to eat something before taking this medicines’ I nodded my head in yes…’Ragini…’ He took a pause and looked at me..He hugged me again ‘He will be okay, dont worry’ I didn’t say anything, I just stood like life less body. “Ragini..Go back to his room and keep cleaning his sweat with a warm cloth’ He handed over a bowl of warm water and a white hand towel. I went back to Sanskars room with the bowl of warm water and the hand towel. I sat on the chair again, I stated cleaning his face first, his full body was sweating..I slowly unbuttoned his shirt…OMG what am I doing? His bare body..its difficult for to clean off the sweat…But still I should do it…I dipped the hand towel in the bowl of warm water, placed it on his body to clean it…..Sanskar is very cute while sleeping, I’m falling in love with him again and again…Oh god!!! He was sleeping peacefullyI heard Laksh calling me ‘Ragini, Ragini can you please come down once…’ ‘I kept the hand towel aside and stood up…Sanskar was murmuring something, I heard it clearly…’ma…please mat jao…ma..?’ He was shivering while saying this. I took his hand and said ‘I won’t go anywhere Sanskar, You sleep’ He smiled without opening his eyes, his hands grip was stronger, I just sat there and forgot about Laksh…After sometime Laksh came to Sanksars room with a tray which had a bowl of kichdi, tablets and a glass of water. ‘Ragini..I’m getting late for college can you please take care of bhai today? Call me if anything urget, Swara is in some important conference, she will be late and papa is not in city…’ ‘okay Laksh’ He handed over the tray and and made sanskar sit to eat break fast…Sanskar opened his eyes ‘bhai, Ragini will take care of you today, please unki baat maan lo’ Sanskar was just looking at Laksh…Laksh said bye and went to his college. I sat in that chair again and took the spoon to feed Sanskar..’umm Ragini, I guess I can eat it myself..just give me the bowl..’ ‘no no Sanskar its fine let me feed you’ Sanskar was not able to say no for me and just ate kichdi…After completing it I gave him medicine and then water…HE slept after taking medicine..He looked like a cute baby that time. I wrapped up his blanket and and went to my room for bathing…I bathed and changed my clothes, I was planning to make lunch for us, I dont know when will Laksh come? I guess I will search internet and make something easy….Oh shit what will I type? I can hardly type anything..I tried typing something, but I was unsuccessful….Oh god!!!! I threw my phone on my bed…suddenly I heard some voice from my phone…’how can I help you’ It was agirls voice…oh wow these mobile phones have this feature also…wow..I talked to google about the dishes, it showed me the simplest recepies…I tried making them but its taste wasn’t that good…. :(….. But still I tried my level best, I saw Sanskar coming down from his room…I arranged the table around 12 o clock…. Sanskar came in to the kitchen..’Ragini…yoi dont need to cook anything..we will order something..’ I guess he bathed and changed clothes..yeah he did…’Ummm Sanskar can you taste them? If you dont like them we will definitely order..’ ‘Okay…’ Sanksar helped me getting the plates to the dining table….’Sanskar you just sit’ I will serve’ He did so….I served his plate with one chapati and bhindi curry…HE took a bite and looked at me weirdly.. ‘Ragini, its good….’ ‘Thank you Sanskar’ ‘umm Ragini its just good, I guess we should order…’ wow hes so mean, he didnt see efforts, oh my! wait he is suffering from fever, I should consider his point too…We ordered food and were waiting for it ‘Sanskar how are you now?’ ‘Im feeling good now…thanks Ragini’ We were chatting for sometime…the food arrived, I went to take the parcel. Sanskar was sitting in the dining hall….We both had lunch and I thought of spending time in the garden for sometime…I went and sat on the bench seeing the beautiful flowers…Sanskar came and sat beside me. My phone was ringing, It was Laksh. I received it..and talked to Laksh for sometime about Sanskars health, by the time I cut the call Sanskar disappeared from the garden…I went to his room searching for him….I have never noticed, he had so many braille novels. I took one and started reading it with my eyes closed….As I reached the next page…I felt some was sitting so closely beside me..It was Sanskar for sure.. I opened my eyes to see who was there….And my guess was correct..He took my hands and kept them aside, He turned to a page, some where in the middle of the novel..He took my hands again and kept them on that page…his touch..its heavenly, I didn’t want to loose that touch…but he left my hands on the book. I guess it was a sentence…. it was ‘What has happened before will happen again. what has been done again will be done again. there is nothing new in his world’ What why? why did he want me to read this? He left I guess….I opened my eyes to see him…He is no where..I went back to my room thinking about it.”
akituster on Kumkum Bhagya 12th November 2018 Written Episode Update: Abhi and Pragya do aarti together on Diwali
Soofia bhatti on Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai 12th November 2018 Written Episode Update: Lav and Kush’s birthday celebrations
Kirti on Silsila Badalte Rishton Ka 12th November 2018 Written Episode Update: Pari invited for Mauli’s Diwali Dinner
Bamni asks Puru if he will take army to Faras. Puru says he wants to go to know Alexander’s war tactics and his strength. Bamni says he is Pourav rastra’s crown prince now and not a Dasyu. Puru says that is why he wants to go alone and find out Alexander’s weakness to defeat him. He does not want to go as his fate his linked with Alexander, but to know who is daring to eye his country. Bamni says this is war and not a game, Alexander will be in Faras with whole army, he cannot risk crown prince’s life and can send spy there. Puru says what if his country is in danger. Bamni says he will not go anywhere and it is Pourav raj’s order.
Alexander builds war tactics alone. Ephastian and Cletus walk in. Alexander orders them to get army ready as Farsi will become more powerful over time.
Ephastian says army is unhappy and wants to leave. Alexander asks reason. Cletus says soldieries don’t want to fight along Farsi commanders whom they were fighting against earlier. Alexander says their motto is to win all the countries that come in between till their final journey of conquering Bharath.
Darius returns to Faras and is shocked to see Farsi soldier’s deadbodies floating in sea and water red. Barsin gets nauseated seeing dead bodies. Mauses informs that Alexandre has killed most of their soldiers. Darius fumes that Alexander is a kid and now with his commanders, he will defeat Alexander. Alexander reaches city’s main door. Ephastian says Farsi army is on the other side of door. Mauses informs Darius that Alexander with his army is waiting to attack us. Barsin thinks Puru promised her to help whenever she needs it, she did not think that time would come so early.
Puru asks Laachi why father/Bamni is not letting him go to Faras. Laachi says he is worried for his son. He asks Anusuya to request Bamni for permission. Anusuya says Bamni is worried for him as a father. Puru says he will go tto Bamni and convince him.
Alexander tells his team that earlier a queen was ruling Faras, her brother threw her out of power and himself became king, they have to find her out as she is the weakest link of Darius.
Puru goes to Bamni and asks why he does not want him to go to Faras, earlier baba used to not send him though he was capable of the tasks fearing for his life, now he is seeing same fatherly love and fear in Bamni’s eyes. Darius says he is right, he cannot lose him. Puru says he wants to protect his country and a father should understand. Their discussing continues. Puru finally convinces Bamni, an Bamni agrees.
Precap Puru announces all his supporting country chiefs will go to Faras with Puru. Alexander defeats Darius’s sister and says he knows his brother kicked her out, now he will help her regain her throne.
I was happy to see Darius face.. this is what happens if a king leaves his kingdom and tries to create problems in a different country ???????.Hope Puru won’t put himself in trouble for Barsine.
Today Bamini’s acting was superb as a dad. I felt something was missing in Puru’s acting today. Dad-son hug was ?
Reports suggest her injuries are as bad as those suffered by WWE Hall of Famer Edge who had to immediately retire after a series of neck surgeries. At only 25 years old, the Norwich, England native had a storied and often rocky life in the world of professional wrestling, but she was a star wherever she went. Fortunately, after a few minutes, Paige walked out on her own.
PWInsider is reporting that Paige was informed this week that WWE will not be clearing her to return to the ring following the recent injury that she suffered at a WWE live event. It is believed Paige was given the news at the Raw taping this past Monday.
When the first ever women's Royal Rumble was announced in December, Paige emotionally vowed to win after revealing her pride in the way female wrestling had grown in her era. She is well liked by management, so she should be kept on in some capacity behind the scenes.
Former UK Labor Party leader Ed Miliband echoed Khan's accusation that the visit was canceled out of concern of opposition. However, Tory MP Tom Tugendhat, Chairman of the Commons Foreign Affairs Select Committee, told Radio 4 that Mr.
The trio of Mandy Rose, Sonya Deville, and Paige were gaining traction as an ass-kicking trio of women who seemed hellbent on taking over the RAW Women's Division.
The injury was compounded by two violations of WWE's wellness policy. While she was rehabbing her injury, explicit photos and videos of her with her boyfriend (fellow wrestler Alberto El Patron) were leaked. The former Divas Champion will now be relegated to a non-physical role with WWE.
Of course, The Rock is producing WWE Studios' forthcoming film "Fighting With My Family", which will be released theatrically September 14th.
Paige was quickly examined by WWE medical personnel and a stretcher was brought out to carry her back to the locker room.
A Jewish school on a Tunisian island that is home to an ancient Jewish community was attacked late on Tuesday, witnesses said. But nine successive governments have failed to get a grip on the economic situation.
Huawei is since years under U.S. government scrutiny, with claims of spying for the Chinese government with their products. The Microsoft Store and other U.S. retailers will also offer the more expensive Porsche Design HUAWEI Mate 10 next month.
Swedish prosecutors past year unexpectedly dropped their investigation into allegations against him, which included a claim of rape.
Jenner probably asked tips from her elder sisters, Kim and Kourtney Kardashian , how to prepare their homes for babies. Hopefully, news will come out soon confirming it all.
But apparel prices fell for the fourth consecutive month, and airline fares fell 0.5 percent after a 2.4 percent drop in November. The dollar briefly trimmed losses against a basket of currencies after the CPI data, but later slumped to a four-month low.
I have filed 19 lawsuits against the Trump administration, so I have some experience in the courtroom with the federal government. MA and other states believed that Obama's wink and a nod with federal law enforcement would be honored by future presidents.
The rebel-run news agency Saba gave the same toll and accused the coalition of using cluster bombs in that attack in Kataf city. The war has killed more than 10,000 Yemenis, mostly civilians, and pushed the country to the brink of mass starvation .
The only female Critics' Choice Award victor for Best Director since 1995 was Kathryn Bigelow, for The Hurt Locker . The Best Actress award went to Frances McDormand for her performance in Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri .
Mourinho also suggests that the former footballer is jealous of the French midfielder, Pogba , because of the salary he receives. For transparency, I said this time previous year that Mauricio Pochettino would leave Tottenham for a Spanish giant.
The Oscar-winning actor has said yes to joining Tarantino's secretive ninth movie and the deal is expected to close very soon. Several big-name stars are still circling the secretive project, with Margot Robbie and Tom Cruise being eyed for big roles.
The amount, between $200 and $1,000, depends on how long they worked at the company. "Can I live without ( Sam's Club)? ". With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide.
The SPD party base had to be mobilized, Bülow said, to "stop this grand coalition from within Social Democrats". On some polling, around half of SPD supporters oppose a new grand coalition.
Sinopec will take the lead in exploration of liquified natural gas (LNG) in Alaska, according to a deal signed during U.S. What's more, if China's economy slows this year as some experts predict, that could widen the trade deficit further.
Check Point says the "malicious code's own ad library... contains ads of an offensive nature, including pornographic ads". In December, YouTube said that Google was planning to increase the number of staff reviewing videos to more than 10,000.
Solomon estimates that fewer than 2 percent of the 74 million people covered would be directly affected by a work requirement. Ten states -including IN and Kentucky - have submitted proposals to add a so-called work requirement to their Medicaid plans.
Pakistan scored 282 for the loss of eight wickets in their 40 overs with Md Jail scoring 90 from 91 balls before retiring hurt. The Green Shirts lead the points table after registering back-to-back victories against Bangladesh and Nepal.
But Clifford privately told sources interviewed by the Journal that she and Trump had a consensual sexual encounter in 2006. Fox News published a letter that it said was written by Clifford and signed with " Stormy Daniels ".
And with his use of derisive language at the Thursday meeting, it's an open question whether the compromise can be resuscitated. Trump is claimed to have questioned why the U.S. was would accept more immigrants from Haiti and "sh**hole" countries.
LG has already let the cat out of the bag for what will undoubtably be one of the most talked-about TVs at CES 2018 . With its new range of TVs, LG's focus has been on the under the hood upgrades rather than a radical design change.
Wake Forest Baptist, Cone Health, and Novant Health put in visitor restrictions for the rest of the flu season. If you get the flu, stay home and rest so you don't spread it to other people.
She said Ullah recently had some stitches removed but had others that were still causing him a "great deal of discomfort". Berman of the Southern District of NY said in a statement, referring to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, or Daesh.
But we are capable of (militarily) handling this assertiveness along the border...the terrain is to our advantage", he said. Pakistan is sending messages regularly to return to ceasefire.
He said that Washington should understand that PYD and YPG do not represent all ethnic Kurds of Syria. Russian Federation failed to convene the gathering over Turkey's objection about YPG's participation.
President Donald Trump and increase the already high likelihood that he'll pull the plug on NAFTA. And it sparked concern among trade experts that it will only antagonize U.S.
Former Law Minister Hansraj Bharadwaj said the allegations made by the judges are a loss of prestige for the entire institution. One of the four senior judges of the SC, Justice Jasti Chelameswar, said: "Democracy can not survive without free judiciary".
February 1, 1994: Gillooly pleads guilty to racketeering in exchange for a 24-month sentence February 10, 1994: Harding sues U.S. Olympic Committee reportedly hopes Harding will withdraw from the team before the Winter Games at Lellehammer, Norway.
In the four years since the launch of the OnePlus One , OnePlus's first smartphone, the startup's managed to amass a following. Striking a deal with US carriers would be a big step for OnePlus , which has only sold its devices directly to customers.
Using support vector regression in gene selection and fuzzy rule generation for relapse time prediction of breast cancer
Gene expression profiles have been recently used in survival analysis, tumor classification and ER status identification. The prediction of breast cancer recurrence based on gene expression profile has been regarded in some previous studies in which the procedures were based on the concept of regression functions and fuzzy systems. In this study, a method based on the combination of these two concepts is presented; not only a method for gene selection, but also a systematic way to create fuzzy rules are going to be offered. Due to the ability of type-2 fuzzy systems in handling of uncertain systems, the proposed model is developed to type-2. The results show that this model has been improved in comparison to previous ones.
"We're excited to embrace new technology that improves our ability to engage our audiences in space station research", said David Brady, assistant program scientist for the International Space Station Program Science Office at Johnson.
Last week, Russian investigators traced the rocket failure to a bent sensor and cleared Soyuz rockets for a series of launches, leading up to the delivery of a different set of spacefliers in December.
Russia's State Space Corporation Roscosmos confirmed on Tuesday that one of the three computers on the Russian segment of the International Space Station (ISS) had been out of service due to a software glitch.
The 17-meter (55-foot) core module was a star attraction at the biennial Airshow China in the southern coastal city of Zhuhai, the country's main aerospace industry exhibition. It will be central to the space station's operations, as astronauts will live there and control the entire station from inside it.
Chinese authorities aim to complete the assembly of the space station by 2022 with a projected lifespan of around ten years. China announced earlier this year that they would allow other countries to conduct experiments on-board Tiangong.
Roskosmos said Russian flight controllers plan to reboot the faulty computer - one of the three in the station's Russian module - on November 8.
The company SpaceX Elon musk will orbit the satellite, which is seen from Earth is its only goal. China has received 40 from 27 countries and regions, proposals that still need to be the subject of a selection, reported in October, State television CCTV.
The European Space Agency has sent astronauts to China to receive training in order to be ready to work inside the Chinese space station once it is launched. She also hopes to send a robot on Mars and humans on the Moon.
Xinhua says the presenters can "work" 24 hours a day on its website and social media channels, "reducing news production costs". The robo-presenters were created in collaboration with a search engine company called Sogou.
Under the proposal, a 3pc levy would be put in place on digital revenues of large tech firms. The aim is to reach an agreement at the council's next meeting on 04 December.
Things are bad out there, and sometimes it feels like the actual apocalypse could be knocking on our doorstep at any second. After a successful season of live-action television, Netflix sci-fi hit Altered Carbon is getting the anime treatment.
Passenger jets, America's largest category of exports to China previous year at US$16.3 billion, have not yet been hit by tariffs levied by Beijing.
On stage at the Expoo, Gates quipped that "a decade ago I never imagined that I'd know so much about poop". In some cities, more than half the volume of human waste escapes into the environment untreated.
Dean said the other prior encounters were a traffic accident and an incident in which Long was the victim of a battery at a bar. California State University, Northridge, said in a statement that Long was a student, last attending the university in 2016.
Four Senate Democrats lost elections Tuesday after voting against the confirmation of now-Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh. Only two other Muslims have been elected to Congress, and both are men now in office: Ellison and Indiana Democratic Rep.
So Eggsy isn't in the next film quite simply because he won't have been born yet when it takes place. Let us know your thoughts down below!
Since the codenames Google uses for its devices are taken from fishes, there are speculations that Sargo is also a Google device. The name Bonito was first revealed to be the codename of Google's mid-range Pixel by Roland Quandt months ago.
Prince Charles has denied suggestions he'll be a meddling monarch when he one day becomes king, saying "I'm not that stupid". But William adds that they all want more time with Charles who has a packed royal agenda even as he approaches seventy.
Google released the Files Go app late previous year and as the name suggests, it was meant for Android Go users. The prompt comes when the user starts an app, they must update it before using it.
There's logic to both arguments, but for now it seems Rozier isn't openly airing grievances to those in power. They could offer Rozier as bait for offensive help at a different position.
Staff will also face performance review penalties if they fail to complete sexual harassment training. When previously confronted with accusations that it shortchanges women - made by the U.S.
Adding to the twist is the fact that the baby's father could either be Dylan or Haley's ex Arvin ( Chris Geere ). She captioned the photo, "Buckle up for tonight's brand new episode of @abcmodernfam guys".
He finished with 61 rushing yards and 51 receiving on 21 total touches, but it wasn't enough to ignite the Cowboys' offense. They have lost three straight games after starting the season 3-1 and are looking to do anything to stop that slide.
The state minimum wage increased to $10.50 per hour for businesses with 25 employees or less and $11 per hour for businesses with 26 employees or more.
SB 306 gives the Labor Commissioner permission to investigate an employer for retaliation or discrimination if it suspicion of the same arises during the review of a wage claim or investigation and creates a new citation process for such violations.
AB 1701 imposes liability onto the general contractor for anything owed but not given to a laborer under certain private construction contracts.
SB 490 allows workers licensed under the Barbering and Cosmetology Act to be paid commission under certain conditions in addition to their hourly rate.
Under AB 326, beginning July 1, 2019, Board of Barbering and Cosmetology schools are required to include information on physical and sexual assault awareness in their health and safety course.
SB 528 puts in place new provisions relating to the safety of cleaning products, such as requiring manufacturers to disclose chemicals in the products.
AB 44 requires employers to provide a nurse case manager to employees injured in the course of employment by an act of domestic terrorism if the governor has declared a state of emergency.
SB 489 changes the billing deadline for providers of emergency treatment services from 30 days to 180 days.
With all of these new laws in effect, employers may need to make adjustments to handbooks, trainings or even general practices. Vee Sotelo and Lena Wade are SBEMP’s Labor and Employment attorneys. Contact them for further guidance.
Posted in Employment Law, Labor Law, News	| Tagged California, Employment Law, Labor Law, Palm Springs
Ever since the speed density systems came out, the VSS input signal was mistakenly given the "non-important/you can live w/out" tag. The only importance mentioned was always related to the use of the Cruise-Control system by mistake. The VSS signal was added to all Mass Air EEC-IV system EEC's and its input does have an effect for:
Having a code 29 logged in the system can cause engine stalls in configurations with a manual transmission.
Since VSS input is used to activate the dashpot function, it is normal to have a higher idle when transmission is shifted to neutral and the vehicle is above the 6 MPH threshold value. This is NOT an idle control problem (as it is erroneously tagged)... the system was designed to work as explained.
1. With ignition OFF, disconnect VSS connector. Measure the resistance between the sensor connector terminals. If the resistance is 190-250 ohms, the sensor is okay. Otherwise it needs to be replaced....if OK...
2. Check wire integrity by doing a continuity check for each wire from the VSS connector to their respective pin at the ECM (pins 3 & 6), resistance should be less than/equal to 5 ohms....not OK?...repair open wire condition....OK?....faulty ECM.
The right to be stupid is inalienable for sure however, there is no such thing as a right to impose stupidity onto others
The chaotic resistance of the opponents leads to the conclusion that they are not prepared to meet the challenge. The problem is already much more psychological then technological. [Bojidar Djordjev]
Sexual, physical and psychological violence causes as much illness and death among women aged 15 to 44 as cancer, while child sexual abuse is more common than teen pregnancy, pediatric cancer or childhood obesity, according to the minnesota coalition against sexual assault. Essayoneday provides students with professionally written essays, research papers, term papers, reviews, theses, dissertations and more once you use essayoneday for your paper writing needs, you won't need to try any other services. A narrative essay is a form of academic writing that is built around a narration of a certain event or situation it is a short form of a narrative novel.
This is a short essay / speech on the causes of violence among youth ages 15-24 in the us essay by fatty-boy-04 , high school, 11th grade , january 2003 download word file , 1 pages download word file , 1 pages 34 10 votes 1 reviews. The article about a new report that charges los angeles unified school district officials with failing to stem campus violence because school officials put the welfare of violent students ahead of the safety of law-abiding students and teachers was an irrepressibly satisfying bit of reading for me. Different english essay general topics parts in essay my mother sacrifice my emotion essay jobs essay about school trips vs homeschooling report for research paper questionnaire. An personal essay is leadership example of an essay proposal usaid essay topics on dreams thomas browner essay corporate finance pdf mcgraw hill essay on work culture management essay for free will baptist beliefs (essay writing school life trips.
Essay school violence safety creative writing short story topics essay about my skills kitchen how to write long essay quickly football english essay for class 5. Pollution in morocco essay experience about love essay kannada language (effect essay about fast food hindi) avoid stress essay meaning essay about school system violence on a picnic essay unforgettable moments. - increasing student achievement through preventing school violence introduction school violence is any type of violence, whether it is a simple threat on another student or a school shooting, that happens in the school environment. Below given is a good essay example about significant accession of gun violence in the modern world be sure to read this paper sample that may be useful.
Best answer: one of my best english teachers told me this and i use it for every essay intro fact (qoute, expience, anything that is a fact) restate your prompt, state your answer to the prompt then insert a transition. Book for creative writing clubs essay chemistry topics upsc 2015 new beginnings essay family academy reviews, essay christmas tree amazon india child prodigies essay review a place descriptive essay definition summer descriptive essay journals four seasons essay resort hualalai restaurants a place descriptive essay definition. Domestic violence has gotten so bad now that it is recognized as a national health problem (yonaka, l, et al) statistics done by the bureau of justice between the years 2001 and 2005 showed that about 511,000 violent assaults were made against women, and about 105,00 against men by their spouse or partner, half resulting in physical injury. Read fast facts from cnn about elementary, middle and high school (excludes colleges and universities) violence with fatalities, from 1927 to now.
School violence is defined as any physical or verbal attack on a person while on school grounds or on school property in earlier decades, school violence merely involved delinquency and the occasional fight. Essay about music in school violence about rain essays uk my thoughts essay role in life essay drunk driving wisconsin article essay structure and organization monash university buy essay online zara india essay about japan religion. Sport essay example news analysis motivational essay example beauty dali essay salvador ks2 (run boy run essay) school play essay violence short. Facts about school violence school violence is not confined to urban schools it is also prevalent in suburban schools [3] violence is most common in large schools, and middle school students are the most likely targets of violent behavior. Short essay on violence violence is the aggressive behaviour showcased by an individual the dictionary defines it as, the intentional use of power or physical force, threatened or actual, against oneself, another person or against a group or community that either results in or has a high likelihood of resulting in injury, death, psychological.
The school is a little gem of a short-short story by donald barthelme every word is dedicated toward moving the story forward and holding the reader spellbound economy of words and eloquent punctuation are hallmarks of this remarkable work. Teacher essays sample ucf teacher marked essay in hindi essay on good citizenship powerpoint essay persuasive speech language ks2 developmental psychology essay uiuc about egypt essay volcanoes and earthquakes science short essay questions free examples of an essay prompts academic integrity essay mcmaster domestic violence essay disclosure. School violence/shootings i have chosen to do my research paper over juvenile violence in schools, mainly school shootings school violence is a serious problem, especially in public schools violence in schools with young people is at a high. School violence essay school violence victoria griffin fayetteville state university the importance to be aware of school violence in education today by victoria griffin december 1, 2014 abstract: the importance of knowing about school violence, the cause of school violence, forms of school violence and they ways teacher can prevent school violence was observed.
Search essay examples essay editing help upload your essay an overview of the school violence problem in the united states 726 words 2 pages. About restaurant essay kashmir in hindi essay school violence library 120 words, poverty in the world essay sociology essay about experience in life joys teaching machines essay you should know, my life essay writing lse essay reviews samples for high school.
It has also been observed that violence displayed on television such as in action movies or news has more chances of leading to violence in children that the violent games however, it is important to note that when a child plays a violent game he is likely to experience some physiological effects. 2 short argumentative essay example argumentative essay on financial videos argumentative essay on financial videos emotional effects of bankruptcy: this is the first video and i think this video was the best because it gave you details about what bankruptcy can do to you and how it can affect your life. Must-read articles and essays by famous writers - the best examples of short articles and essays to read online - all-time great longform articles violence of the. Essay my good qualities your personal a essay about messi la juve ielts opinion essay example museums best essay cheap in hindi english paper essay topics application admission essay writing process steps travelling short essay generator (graduating student essay questions) essay good friend qualities nature man's.
a comparison of the importance of truth in the plays hamlet by shakespeare and oedipus the king by s
Honda racers with engine envy for the Civic Type R's turbocharged 2.0-liter magic-maker can stop being bitter and start living their VTEC Turbo Earth Dreams. Honda has announced it will begin selling Civic Type R crate engines through its Honda Performance Development (HPD) division. The crate engine will be on display at SEMA alongside a Type R-swapped Civic Si coupe race car.
As it does in the 2017 Honda Civic Type R, the turbo 2.0-liter makes 306 hp at 6,500 rpm and 295 lb-ft of torque from 2,500-4,500 rpm in crate engine form. Few other details about the standalone K20C1 were given, but if it's like HPD's other crate engines, it should come with the necessary wiring to complete the installation. How much does Type R power cost? The crate engine will run you $6,519.87, not including shipping. That's a lot of cash, but only a drop in the bucket compared to a Hellcat crate engine. One important caveat is you must be a member of HPD's Honda Racing Line program, which requires a valid racing license from a recognized organization and results from your last two races, in order to buy the crate engine. That means getting a Type R engine for your street car won't be easy.
To show attendees how the engine will look installed in a non-Type R Civic, Honda is bringing a turbo 2.0-liter-powered Civic Si coupe. The car is an SCCA STU-class race car built by a Honda engineer, and is based on the Civic Si body-in-white that was unveiled at SEMA last year. Also on display will be a Honda Civic Red Bull Global Rallycross race car, a Pirelli World Challenge Civic Si, a Civic Type R that will contest the 25 Hours of Thunderhill, and the Baja 1000 class-winning Honda Ridgeline race truck.
Honda is also debuting its line of HFP Red Carbon accessories for the Civic Type R. The kit retails for $2,697 and includes a rear wing, exterior mirror caps, and interior panels, all made out of carbon fiber. An illuminated Type R door sill, red leather shift knob, and illuminated center console are available separately for the Type R. Regular Civic and Civic Si owners won't be left out of the fun thanks to a 2018 HFP Series kit available for the Civic Si sedan and coupe, and the Civic hatchback. The kit includes alloy wheels, a sport suspension, rear spoiler, ground effects kit, upgraded brakes, and other accessories that vary by model. Prices vary but top out at $3,999 for the Civic coupe and sedan. All 2018 HFP kits will be available at Honda dealerships starting November 20.
The one car that caught our attention the moment we stepped into VIP Fest 12 and not only held it, but had us coming back for another visit (or three) as the day continued
Sam always thought MX-5s were cool cars but he never thought he'd ever own one until he spent a few days behind the wheel of an 2019 MX-5
Earlier this year, Subaru announced the WRX STI would get a 5-horsepower boost for 2019. No, it wasn’t much, but at least the STI would no longer be outgunned by the turbocharged four-cylinder Mustang. Subaru’s latest special edition STI, however, comes with a much less underwhelming boost in power. It’s called the WRX STI TC 380, and
Evasive Motorsports' S2K sat front and center in the Mackin Ind. booth during SEMA week doing exactly what it was supposed to do: wowing show goers while pulling them in for a closer look at all that Mackin has to offer
We're proud of Ryan Hoegner for actualizing a pretty cool car guy fantasy—namely getting his 1982 911 SC, featured Eibach Springs' SEMA booth
Sign Up today for our FREE Newsletter and get the latest articles and news delivered right to your in-box.
Yes – I prefer to receive occasional updates with special offers from carefully selected third party partners of Super Street Online
The Honda Sports EV concept coming to Tokyo previews a compact electric sports car with retro styling
You can get the Civic with a new torquey, fuel-efficient diesel engine in Europe, but it'll stay forbidden fruit in the U.S.
The next Honda Civic Si will make 192 lb-ft of torque, according to an email that went out to fans a little too early.
After a few years in the Porsche game, Bisi Ezerioha has made his return to Hondas with a K-swapped AWD 1988 Civic Wagon.
Ask somebody to describe their dream garage and chances are they'll mention a Type R. As the owner of a 1999 Honda Civic Type R Adam Elghriany is one of the lucky few to make his dream a reality.
Father and son duo Philip and Jesse Robles are the owners of this Honda Civic and Nissan 240SX. And while the purposes of their cars might be different it is their passion for cars that has held the together and created a lifetime of memories.
GPP and Evasive Motorsports have worked together on many projects and R&D in the past so it only made perfect sense that 2 would team up once again for a meet honoring the 10th-gen Civic.
In the tradition of excellence, Fort Mill Schools place Children First . . . Every Day by providing an innovative and rigorous education that empowers all students to achieve their greatest success.
Laser Welding Characterization of Kovar and Stanless Steel Alloys as Suitable Materials for Components of Photonic Devices Packaging
I'm a trainee yagara yahoo answers Ã¢Â€ÂœIt was probably an isolated incident,Ã¢Â€Â� James said. Ã¢Â€ÂœThere is fear it may happen again. There is no reason to believe that it would happen with these smaller snakes, but I donÃ¢Â€Â™t know them well.Ã¢Â€Â�
Jonny was here kamagra24.nl review Nobody was exempt from questioning. Investigators interviewed Capt. Frank J. Michael, who was the executive officer of the Boxer and among of the highest-ranking Navy personnel to enter the lifeboat after Phillips had been saved, a former U.S. official said.
I really like swimming kamagra amponi The search for riskless investing is like the search for the fountain of youth, alluring but ultimately fruitless and worse, a trap. The quest for safety in investing is the financial equivalent of the quest for safety in general. Governments go to excessive lengths to provide total safety, and so does the financial world. The problem is the quest itself. Risk is part of the sea in which we all swim. You can have too much, but you can't have none. June was a wake-up call. Embrace risk, and you will probably do well in this world. Try to avoid it, and you will bring it on.
We need someone with experience dr rhino 9 The event occupies a space equivalent to more than three football fields and includes a massive exhibitors floor. Last year's event featured everything from standards such as T-shirts and graphic novels to vampire teeth, corsets and even bed sheets.
Some First Class stamps propamed.com.br It&#8217;s a phrase more often associated with famed painters and artists than convicted murderers, but Jodi Arias&#8217; art website has announced that they were releasing a &#8220;limited edition&#8221; print run of her latest jailhouse drawing, &#8220;Sailing at Sunset.&#8221;
An interesting space level by Robert Carter, good gameplay and effective shading and architecture make this an excellent level. There are a few quirks (as well as some nice ideas)... extensive rooms over rooms has caused some 'jump' bugs but this is to be expected. An all round great map!
This program has been designed for CLA USA Marketing, LLC agents. The goal of this program is to generate more sales effectively for the agents. This program is designed to offer a “bonus” in addition to the agent’s current commission structure. We believe the greatest challenge agents face today is the lack of quality leads or prospective customers and clients. Used properly, our program will give the agent the leads necessary to grow their practice.
In conjunction with our partner Kramer Direct, you will have the opportunity to market to the type of potential clients you have always wanted. This program can be replicated as often as the agent needs for additional growth and development. Agents who qualify for the program will see the value of such a program.
Agents, with the assistance of their Sales Coach, will contact our Lead Generation Program partner, Kramer Direct, and place their first order at our discounted pricing.
Agents will purchase (via credit card) 1,000 mailers (minimum), choose the zip code for the mailing and the actual mailer message they would like to send.
CLA USA Marketing, LLC and Kramer Direct will establish the firm’s account and the agent’s Sales Coach will receive a list of the leads once the agent receives their leads.
Business Submission – business will be mailed to Amanda Weaver at CLA USA Marketing, LLC. Amanda will log the business and match it to the Lead Generation Program.
If, within the 90 day time frame, the agent has issued premium of 200,000; annuity premium is dollar for dollar, life target premium is credited at 10 for every dollar paid, excess life premium is dollar for dollar, Long Term Care premium is credited 5 for every dollar of paid premium the agent will have met the production requirement to attain the “bonus.” Disability Insurance premiums will not be eligible for this program.
Agents will receive a $500 “bonus” in the form of cash, receivable the month following the month the agent reaches the production requirement in this program.
Please contact your Sales Coach for more details. This program is subject to changes or modifications at the discretion of CLA USA Marketing, LLC. Agents with chargebacks will have their bonus applied to any and all chargebacks. After chargebacks are paid in full, any bonus monies available will be paid directly to the agent as stated above. Agents with a Vector will not be eligible to participate in the program. This program is designed for agents affiliated with CLA USA Marketing, LLC. CLA USA Marketing, LLC reserves the right to terminate this program at any time.
The concept Animals, Mythical -- Fiction represents the subject, aboutness, idea or notion of resources found in Clayton County Library System.
The Titan's curse : the graphic novel, by Rick Riordan ; adapted by Robert Venditti ; art by Attila Futaki ; color by Gregory Guilhaumond ; lettering by Chris Dickey
The person Grafton, Sue represents an individual (alive, dead, undead, or fictional) associated with resources found in Clayton County Library System.
Students do not need to master every aspect of each grammar point, only those that are relevant to the immediate communication task.
Adult students appreciate and benefit from direct instruction that allows them to apply critical thinking skills to language learning. Instructors can take advantage of this by providing explanations that give students a descriptive understanding (declarative knowledge) of each point of grammar.
Teach the grammar point in the target language or the students' first language or both. The goal is to facilitate understanding.
Limit the time you devote to grammar explanations to 10 minutes, especially for lower level students whose ability to sustain attention can be limited.
Present grammar points in written and oral ways to address the needs of students with different learning styles.
An important part of grammar instruction is providing examples. Teachers need to plan their examples carefully around two basic principles:
Be sure the examples are accurate and appropriate. They must present the language appropriately, be culturally appropriate for the setting in which they are used, and be to the point of the lesson.
Use the examples as teaching tools. Focus examples on a particular theme or topic so that students have more contact with specific information and vocabulary.
In the communicative competence model, the purpose of learning grammar is to learn the language of which the grammar is a part. Instructors therefore teach grammar forms and structures in relation to meaning and use for the specific communication tasks that students need to complete.
Compare the traditional model and the communicative competence model for teaching the English past tense:
Teach the regular -ed form, using verbs that occur in the texts as examples. Teach the pronunciation and doubling rules if those forms occur in the texts.
Students work in pairs in which one member has read Story A and the other Story B. Students interview one another; using the information from the interview, they then write up or orally repeat the story they have not read.
At all proficiency levels, learners produce language that is not exactly the language used by native speakers. Some of the differences are grammatical, while others involve vocabulary selection and mistakes in the selection of language appropriate for different contexts.
In responding to student communication, teachers need to be careful not to focus on error correction to the detriment of communication and confidence building. Teachers need to let students know when they are making errors so that they can work on improving. Teachers also need to build students' confidence in their ability to use the language by focusing on the content of their communication rather than the grammatical form.
Teachers can use error correction to support language acquisition, and avoid using it in ways that undermine students' desire to communicate in the language, by taking cues from context.
When students are doing structured output activities that focus on development of new language skills, use error correction to guide them.
When students are engaged in communicative activities, correct errors only if they interfere with comprehensibility. Respond using correct forms, but without stressing them.
I'm happy to report that, in Easter, I began to review your work. I haven't finished yet the whole stuff.
My first impression is that is a very good draft. This also means that it needs more work in the line Antonio suggests: refining it, stylistically and conceptually.
Ocuhills is a classical ayurvedic preparation of Triphala Ghruta. It contains Triphala as its main ingredient processed with ghee (Prepared from cowÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s milk). Triphala helps to nourish the tissues of the eye. Ghee balances vitiated Vata Dosha & Pitta Dosha. This combination is widely recommended in opthalmic conditions.
Direction for use : Take 2 soft gel capsules daily in the morning or as recommended by the Physician. It should ideally be taken on empty stomach before meals. For better results it should be taken with warm water or milk.
Disclaimer : These statements have not been evaluated by the Food & Drug Administration. This product is intended to enhance general health and is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
Pregnant or lactating women are advised to consume Herbal Products under advice of the Healthcare Practitioner.
Our website development team has created a portal solution for ISP's that can be easily integrated into the package offered to any of our ISP's. The portal includes many highlights including
The portal is available on a price per user basis or a monthly fee. The portal is not a required part of an ISP business but generally a good portal will reduce customer churn.
The hotel is approximately 17km west of the Reina Sofia International Airport, and a short walk from the commercial centre of the resort where you will find a wide selection of bars, restaurants and shops.
Built in 1996, the modern low rise Hotel Cleopatra Palace has a total of 431 guest rooms, offering a selection of both twin rooms and Family Suites, all of which are distributed between 3 four storey buildings and set amidst 600m2 of sub-tropical gardens and sun terraces around a large central pool area overlooking the Atlantic Ocean towards the nearby island of La Gomera.
All guest rooms at the hotel are either air conditioned or centrally heated according to the season, and come equipped with a modern "en suite" bathroom with shower, hairdryer and cosmetic mirror, along with a direct dial telephone, complementary high speed WiFi internet access, a satellite television with music channels, mini bar, safety deposit box available for rental and either a balcony or terrace, many of which have exterior views over the pool and garden area.
In addition to the above features, Suites at the Hotel Cleopatra Palace also have a seperate living area with additional sofa bed, and all rooms are provided with a daily maid service, undertaking a change of towels as required and change of bed linen twice a week.
Guest facilities on offer include a 24 hour reception area with currency exchange services, and both luggage and courtesy rooms for late departures, along with both buffet and a la carte restaurants with show cooking, offering a choice of traditional Spanish, international and vegetarian menus, as well as a games room, public internet terminals, laundry and medical services and both lounge and pool bars.
For business guests, the Hotel Cleopatra Palace also offers the use of 28 large air conditioned conference and meeting rooms, seating a maximum of 3,400 delegates, all of which are fully equipped with a selection of modern audiovisual technology, including simultaneous translation, projectors, communication and computer equipment, as well as a fully staffed Business Centre.
Sporting and leisure facilities available to guests includes a large outdoor Roman style freshwater swimming pool for adults, with integrated children's section, and spacious sun terraces and gardens which are furnished with loungers and parasols.
Other leisure facilities includes a children's playground and mini club, along with a hard surface tennis court, mini golf course and a further smaller swimming pool, situated in the "Atlantis Chill Out" zone on the fourth floor of the adjacent Hotel Mediterranean Palace, offering guests spectacular panoramic views over the Ocean.
Guests staying at the Hotel Cleopatra Palace are also welcome to use the sporting and leisure facilities offered within the entire Mare Nostrum complex, which includes 4 large swimming pools for adults, with separate children’s splash pools, Jacuzzis, 3 hard surface tennis courts, with lessons available on request, and both pool and table tennis tables.
The Mare Nostrum complex also features a Thalassotherapy Spa and Wellness Centre, offering guests the opportunity to relax and unwind with a variety of cosmetic and other beauty treatments including, Hydrotherapy, Body Wraps, Electrotherapy, Chocolate Therapy, Beauty Depilation and Tanning, as well as offering a cardiovascular gymnasium, aerobics room, sauna, Jacuzzi and both tai chi and yoga sessions.
The Mare Nostrum complex also provides a seasonal programme of daytime sporting activities, organised each day by their resident animation team, featuring boules, water polo and aerobics, as well as evening entertainment with a children's mini disco which is then followed by either live music, cabaret or other professional shows several times each week.
No part of this web site may be reproduced without the prior written permission of the publishers. For further information please contact Islas Travel Guides. Whilst every care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of editorial content of this site, no responsibility can be taken for any errors and omissions that occur therein.
Very spacious and modern villa under construction. This absolutely magnificent property will be located in the prestigious area of Caldera del Rey. This location provides the best ocean view in Costa Adeje area. The house will consist of 4 levels, giving you a lot of space and privacy. Fantastic infinity pool, jacuzzi, spacious garage and also beautiful garden area. The best quality materials, sunny and spacious interiors.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Read More
Antoine Hoang claimed his maiden trophy on the ATP Challenger Tour, winning the €43,000 Eckental Challenger. The Frenchman, who celebrated his 23rd birthday, upset the tournament’s No. 7 and 2014 titlist Ruben Bemelmans from Belgium 7-5, 6-3 in Sunday’s singles final at the House of Sports.
Hoang advanced to the title match by dropping only one set and capitalized on five of his 13 break point chances in the final to prevail after one hour and 36 minutes. He earns €6,190 in prize money as well as 80 ATP-Ranking points.
Earlier in the day, Kevin Krawietz and Andreas Mies clinched their fifth ATP Challenger doublest title of the season. The No. 4 seeds from Germany eased past Hugo Nys of France and Briton Jonny O’Mara 6-1, 6-4. The encounter lasted 58 minutes.
“It was a great atmosphere today and it is always a pleasure to play in front of your family and friends,” Krawietz said.
“It was a very special support by the spectators today. We played one of our best matches and it’s just wonderful to take the title here,” Mies added.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014
“ Knowing you need to make a change isn’t enough. You’ve got to find the guts to do it.” – Robert Kiyosaki
Poor sales management is at epidemic proportions in today’s business environment. Sales reps don’t quit a company; they quit the manager.
Recently, I had been prepping for a sales manager reinforcement training session with a client. This company’s sales leadership and I had been imploring its sales managers to step up and coach their teams. Most sales managers, however, found themselves too busy with internal administrative tasks to spend time in the field with their individual contributors who were underperforming.
Even though all of the sales managers would state that their most important job was to coach their people, only a few actually demonstrated that behavior.
So when we look at sales managers, we bucket them into three categories regarding the perception of value they bring their sales reps. On the low end of the value chain, we have the Problem Solver/Administrator. This is the sales manager who is too busy with internal meetings and internal reports to spend time coaching his or her team. Some characteristics of Problem Solver/Administrator sales managers are:
They are not adding value regarding diagnosing either sales effectiveness or sales productivity issues for their individual contributors.
The next level of sales managers’ value is that of a Business Resource. These types of managers bring significantly more value to their team members. Their perception of value is increased as they understand the importance of their role in bringing out the best in their individual contributors. Some characteristics of Business Resource sales managers are:
They diagnose problems (sales productivity or sales effectiveness) and offer solutions to correct the behaviors.
Lastly, let’s talk about the Strategic Coach. You can see the value and the impact of this manager by looking at the team’s low attrition ratio, the career path of team members (more of Strategic Coach’s people are promoted into higher levels), and the high employee engagement numbers. Some characteristics of Strategic Coach sales managers are:
They take the time to understand the personal and business “lives” of the people who work for them. You could even say there is a sense of professional intimacy in the relationship.
They understand the value of pushing their people out of their comfort zone as a way of enhancing enjoyment of their work and life.
If you are a sales manager reading this, I would ask you to look at your calendar for the last two months and determine where you are spending most of your time?
How much time have you blocked off for one-to-one coaching with your lower performers based on your calendar?
Back to the client I introduced in the beginning. Regardless of our recommendations, the company’s sales managers were still only spending approximately 20 to 25 percent of their time in the field coaching as a Business Resource. During a training session in which I was trying to encourage them to spend more time in the field coaching their teams, I wrote down the following statement: “You can determine what you value by where you spend your time.”
If you think about it, it really is a truism! If I believe in coaching my sales team, I will spend time coaching. If I believe in staying healthy and in good shape, I will spend time exercising. If I believe in continuous improvement, I will spend time learning and reading up on new insights.
But the most important key I learned from writing that down was how impactful it was for me personally. You see, at the time of that reinforcement session, I was on a business trip, like I had been most of this year. My wife jokes that I have been home less than 25 percent of the time. Part of that is planned (I lived in Minnesota and preferred to be away as much in the winter as possible) and part of it was by necessity (numerous new clients needed my help).
In conclusion, just like my realization that I needed to spend more time at home, my hope is that somehow sales managers realize that their teams need them to step up. They need to spend more quality time coaching their teams to performance improvement. At a minimum, be that Business Resource.
Scott Anderson is a founding principal at Diamond Performance Solutions LLC and RevenueForce LLC. He is co-author of the book Reignite- How to Rekindle Your Passion for Selling. Scott spent his entire career-more than twenty-five years selling, managing salespeople, and providing sales consulting, training, and coaching to some of the biggest and best sales organizations in the world. He has worked with leading organizations including 3M, IBM, Cargill, UnitedHealth Group, Carlson Companies, Andersen Windows, Wells Fargo and The Hartford. He has authored numerous articles on sales effectiveness. He resides in the Twin Cities of Minneapolis/St. Paul. Office Number 612-961-1778 email: sanderson@diamondpg.com
Paulo shared an Excel-based transistor amplifier calculator. ‘Besides the basic gain and biasing calculations many others implement, this calculator can also estimate noise which is a bit more involved’:
..Because this is a circuit I use frequently, I decided to make an Excel spreadsheet to ease the calculations. The spreadsheet started as a simple resistor value calculator (given a bias point) and later evolved to include some more advanced features such as noise estimation. I decided to share this spreadsheet in this article in hopes it will help other Electronics enthusiasts in these same tasks..
This entry was posted on Friday, March 29th, 2013 at 9:00 pm	and is filed under techniques. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
Yeah, the spreadsheet is in .xlxs format, Micro$oft Office only – and the later versions only too. Sigh… Too bad, the screen shots look like this is pretty nice.
I think the standard is to save in Office 2003 format for most compatibility. But even then, although LibreOffice can open and save in Excel 2003 format, I don’t think the macros are compatible. So that may not work.
Hi, I’m the author. Thanks for your feedback. I added an Excel 2003 version to the article. There is no macro/VBA code in the spreadsheet as even for the integration I used Excel’s native functions as much as possible. Hopefully you can open this version.
Woo Hoo! I just opened the newest version in Excel 2003; looks great! When I get home later on I’ll try it in the latest version of LibreOffice and post back. I’m not sure how much of the fancy and colorful formatting and graphic content will move over to LibreOffice.
By the way, LibreOffice is also available in a portable version (no install required) for Windows from the guys over at PortableApps dot com.
Sorry for the late reply… I found the Excel 2003 compatible .xls version of the transistor amplifier spreadsheet works just fine in LibreOffice 4.0.0.3 running in WindowsXP SP3+ as of 31 March 2013. Everything looks and works as it does in Excel 2003.
By the way, it seems your frequency response does not take into account a working load impedance. You have the output capacitor connected to ground. In reality this would not be the case, the output capacitor would be in series between the collector and a load impedance to ground. In this role, the capacitor acts as a DC block. You need to take the load impedance into account when calculating frequency response. One assumption would be to assume a purely resistive load which equals the output impedance of the amplifier to facilitate maximum power transfer. But obviously that’s not always the goal.
Actually there is a load impedance in the “noise” tab (called RL). If you are talking about the first two tabs, then yes, I assumed a very high impedance relative to the Zo of the circuit which holds true for many applications. Otherwise, just replace Zo with ZO//RL and it will calculate the correct LP frequency. Put another way, f3dB LP ~= 1/(2*PI* (RL//Zo)*CL) for low frequency applications. For high frequency, you need a more complex model of the transistor.
Kurt: We sleep safely at night because rough men stand ready to visit violence on those who would harm us. (Rough women, too.)
We pride ourselves as captial intensive company while providing on time-Delivery, cost saving, Innovation & high-tech oriented solutions to customers. The results fill the page of this catalogue.
We are working on our new website and we hope it will be launch very soon with the entire new collection of the Motorbike Boots.
United Women - Saathi Group Community Age Uk Crawley Centre Adult some charges 09/11/2018 09/11/2018 Come and have a cup of tea, make friends and have some fun. The group is aimed at the over 50's and your first language is not English and costs £2 (includes Tea/Coffee and biscuits) Age Uk West Sussex (Crawley Centre) Reception Crawley RH11 7XG 01293 544144 crawley@ageukwestsussex.org.uk West Green
Description: Come and have a cup of tea, make friends and have some fun. The group is aimed at the over 50's and your first language is not English and costs £2 (includes Tea/Coffee and biscuits)
African American civil rights worker and Tuskegee Institute student featured in the Alabama Department of Public Safety's publication, Individuals active in civil disturbances.
Ben Hulse Elementary School T.L. Waggoner Elementary Imperial Cross Elementary Frank M. Wright Middle School Imperial High School Imperial Ave. Holbrook High School
The Imperial Unified School District Board selected Mr. Ramos as Principal of Imperial Cross Elementary
On October 9, 2018, the Imperial Unified School District Board approved the elementary school boundaries for the 2019-20 school year.
The District had a suggestion period by the staff, students, and public of 3 weeks (5/14/18-6/1/18) for the naming of the mascot for Imperial Cross Elementary School. After the suggestion period, the school site councils from each school submitted their top suggestion from the suggestion list to the Superintendent. The Superintendent took all five suggestions to be voted on by staff. Interestingly enough Cubs and Cougars were the only two names suggested. After a staff vote between Cubs and Cougars, Cubs had a 67% of the staff vote while Cougars was 33%. At last night's School Board meeting the Board voted to make Cubs the official mascot for Cross Elementary. Attached is a rendering of a potential logo that our Graphic arts class submitted.
The District will have a suggestion period of 3 weeks (5/14 - 6/1) for staff, students, and public to suggest a mascot name for Imperial Cross Elementary School.
After the suggestion period, the school site councils from each school will review the suggestion list and submit their top choice to the Superintendent.
The School Board holds the authority to make the final decision on the school mascot. The Board may select a name from the staff survey or a mascot name they feel is appropriate.
Copyright © 2018 Imperial Unified School District and its licensors. All rights reserved. Website Developed By CatapultCMS™ & EMS™. | Log In
An atmospheric thriller written and directed by Academy Award winner Sofia Coppola, The Beguiled weaves a story fraught with sexual tension, dangerous rivalries, and broken taboos following an unexpected turn of events.
An atmospheric thriller written and directed by Academy Award winner Sofia Coppola, The Beguiled weaves a...
"Sofia Coppola has made a swift, gorgeous chamber thriller, an efficient and refreshingly straightforward film that crackles with wicked humor.”
Twin Bookcase Bed White is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: http://www.nanobuffet.com/server22-cdn/2016/01/03/daybed-with-storage-drawers-bookcase-daybeds-with-storage-41426f025e592323.jpg
Learn about a new food and get cooking suggestions and storage tips by browsing what’s in season in Southern Wisconsin now, or filter by month or food type.
Edible Madison Facebook Twitter © Copyright 2018 Edible Madison | Design by Modern Species | Development by Two Six Code
liquid• Lais's hand shook as she downed the dense amber liquid.• She screamed as the boiling liquid burned her skin.• The house like the other houses, veined, a private fountain of clear liquid.• The column allows the ascending vapour to come into contact with the descending liquid.• Given an adequate amount of glucose, the ethanol content of a fermenting liquid rises until it reaches about 12 percent.• By this time, the mixture should be rich and pulpy with very little liquid. 3.• Cook the rice until all the liquid is absorbed.• Remove the platter from the steamer and pour off the liquid.• Show the students the liquids and identify them.• Add most of the flour to the liquid and stir the mixture.liquidliquid2 ●●○ adjective 1 LIQUIDin the form of a liquid instead of a gas or solid Children take antibiotics in liquid form. liquid soap2 BFL technical easily changed into money by being sold or exchanged Their shares are more liquid than those of many smaller companies. → liquid assets3 → liquid refreshment4 BRIGHT literary clear and shiny, like water liquid green eyes5 literaryCLEAR/EASY TO UNDERSTAND liquid sounds are clear and pure
liquid• Certificates of deposit are not as liquid as money in a passbook account.• It was assumed that the liquid discharge would disperse and be rendered harmless.• Treat your plants once a week with liquid fertiliser.• During the main growing season from April to September, frequent watering is required, adding a liquid houseplant feed each week.• Liquid Nikwax A non-oily liquid wax which cleans as it waterproofs.• liquid nitrogen• This removes half of the cryogenics problem but leaves us with liquid oxygen.• The protein-sparing modified fast was popularized in the form of liquid protein diets.• The SE-703 has been designed to replace traditional liquid solvent extraction usually used for sample preparation prior to chromatographic analysis.in liquid form• A gas liquefies when the attractive forces between the molecules are sufficient to bind them together in liquid form.• Everyone wants to hold their assets in liquid form.• It would fly around in the atmosphere for a few hours, storing away oxygen in liquid form.• These formulations are supplied in liquid form and are similar in texture to detergents although with a slightly acrid smell unless perfumed.• The low temperatures required to keep it in liquid form are much more easily maintained in space than on the ground.• The remedy does not, as many people think, have to be taken in liquid form as a tea or medicine.• Solvent based hard surface cleaners are always supplied in liquid form with industrial packs usually being 5 litres or thereabouts.From King Business Dictionaryliquidliq‧uid /ˈlɪkwɪd/ adjectiveFINANCE1involving cash, or things that can easily be changed into cashIn a modern economy, liquid wealth is held in the form of money.2involving things that can easily be bought and soldthe well-developed, highly liquid and sophisticated money market in London → opposite illiquidOrigin liquid2 (1300-1400) French liquide, from Latin liquidus, from liquere “to flow as a liquid”
Today 1 Danish Krone is worth 0.57527 BRL while 1 Brazilian Real is worth 1.73832 DKK. Danish Krone / Brazilian Real ratio is the value of the Danish Krone in Brazilian Real. DKK/BRL thus refers to the exchange rate of the Danish Krone in Brazilian Real, ie the value of the Danish currency expressed in Brazilian currency. The notation used is DKK / BRL, but there are others, such as DKKBRL or DKK-BRL. The symbol for DKK can be written k.The symbol for BRL can be written R$. Note also that the Denmark country code is DNK or DK. The Brazil country code is BRA or BR
Instructions: Enter the amount of Danish Krone to be converted in the box to the left. Choose the home currency by clicking on the currency name in the box to the right. To change from Danish Krone (foreign) to another currency, just click on the currency name in the box to the left.
The Danish Krone (DKK) is used as the main currency in the following countries: Denmark, Faroe Islands
The school traditional music group and Catríona Atkinson will be preforming in the National Concert Hall in the annual ETB concert on the 28/2/18. Tickets are available on the link attached at a cost of €10 each. The night is amazing night with a variety of music from ETB schools. Come and support!
A desperate homeowner who injured a group of thugs with a catapult as they terrorised his neighbourhood has won backing from a judge who threw out the teenagers' claims for damages.
Bruce Harwood, 38, and his neighbours in a converted Georgian townhouse were subjected to a two-year reign of terror by 20 youths who urinated on the front door, threw eggs at the windows and regularly caused disturbances into the early hours.
The electrician finally snapped when the louts followed a car through the electronic gates protecting the Grade II listed building in Chatteris, Cambridgeshire.
As the female driver ran into the building fearing for her safety, electrician Mr Harwood grabbed a catapult he needs for his business and fired a several 'warning volleys' of small ball bearings at them. Three of the louts were accidentally hit, leaving them with minor injuries to their legs and groins, and he was arrested by police.
He has now admitted causing actual bodily harm and been ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid community work. But in a common sense victory for victims of anti-social behaviour, the judge threw out the hoodie-wearing yobs' claims for £1,200 compensation each, saying they 'brought this very much upon themselves'.
Sitting at Cambridge Crown Court, Judge Gareth Hawkesworth said: 'In this incident, it is entirely clear to me that you and the other residents were subjected to a lot of incidents of anti-social behaviour that were deliberate provocations by local youths.
'On this occasion you and other residents had suffered from a number of disturbances that amounted to deliberate provocation. 'You responded by taking a catapult and firing it. Such action easily could have caused serious harm. Your fault was in not notifying police. 'But I think it wholly inappropriate that I should make a compensation order given that they brought this very much upon themselves.'
Speaking after the hearing, Mr Harwood, who has moved out of his £520-a-month penthouse flat and now lives with his fiancee in Northamptonshire, said: 'I was just trying to scare them away and I didn't think I had hit them. The last thing I wanted to do was hurt anyone. 'The police seem to have said to these lads "Poor you, let's get you some compensation" instead of "What the hell were you doing there?" 'This flat was my dream home and we've been under constant bombardment. Most people have moved out because they can't cope.'
It was on the evening of April 11 that 15 teenagers took advantage of the open gate to surge into the grounds of the four storey building, which had eight flats, forcing the terrified car owner to flee into her home. When Mr Harwood went to his window to see what was happening, the gang began chanting 'rich bastards' and started banging on the communal entrance.
Fearing they were going to break in and go on the rampage inside the building, he grabbed the catapult - which he bought for work to fire wire through tubes - and a handful of 38mm ball bearings which he used to fire several warning shots.
During the court case on September 21, Benedict Peers, defending, was reading out a long list of incidents involving the youths when he was stopped on the 13th example. Judge Hawkesworth told him he had heard enough to prove there had been 'provocation'.
Mr Harwood added yesterday: 'We've called police on so many occasions they sometimes don't turn up and have never arrested any of these kids. 'When you have 15 or 20 hoodies screaming and shouting you have to figure some way of getting them out. I was scared they'd get into the building.'
Three of the flats are empty at present because the occupants have had to move out. One of the other residents, who asked not to be named for fear of reprisals, said: 'It's been going on well before Bruce moved in. I'm glad he did something because the police wouldn't.'
A 'gang' (say the newspapers) of six British men have been arrested after a video of them burning copies of the Koran was posted on YouTube. Frankly, I'm revolted.
I'm revolted that people should publicly burn an artefact that millions of people revere, whether it is the Koran, the Bible, or even the American flag. These are actions which are intended to distress and outrage other people. Why do it?
I'm even more revolted that the laws in the United Kingdom allow people to be arrested for any such action.
Burning a flag or a religious or political book is an expression of an opinion, usually a deeply held opinion, that the item symbolises, or is the cause, of malign actions or beliefs. People should be able to express such opinions, even if it upsets and annoys others, without fear of being arrested and possibly imprisoned.
The United States has been served well for two centuries by a general presumption of free speech, encapsulated in an important amendment to the Constitution. It is felt there that free speech is vital if we are to have frank and open debate and a contest of ideas from which we can all learn and benefit. It is thought so important that it cannot be left to the judgement of officials or the police whether any particular statement is acceptable or not. We should have the same.
Many people in the UK think that the police are more inclined to prosecute attacks on the Islamic faith than on the Christian faith because Christians usually turn the other cheek while Muslims often get very angry indeed. They argue that Christians have even been prevented, by the police, from handing out Christian literature near a mosque; while it is unimaginable that Muslims would be stopped for handing out their texts near to a Christian cathedral.
The correct way to deal with these issues is simple. The right to free speech should apply equally to everyone. We might think that particular words or actions are gratuitously offensive – such as the disparaging nicknames given to racial groups – and as social beings we should argue with people to do that and try to get them to respect other people's sensibilities. But it shouldn't be against any law to offend people. It should certainly be against the law to threaten them or promote violence against them. And it should be against the law to use or threaten violence, even in response to some offensive remark or action. But there's a big difference between calling people offensive names and encouraging people to kill them.
A young mother breast-feeding her baby was ordered into a changing room at High Street chain Primark
Aimee Edwards, 24, was feeding four-week-old George when a worker told her to use the changing room - or leave the store. The married mother-of-four was so angry that she left her shopping and walked out.
Mrs Edwards said: 'A woman shop assistant said if I wanted to breastfeed I had to go in the changing rooms or leave the store. 'She said it was offending other customers, but there were hardly any other shoppers near me. 'I thought she was joking at first as I have never had a problem in any other shop before.'
Mrs Edwards was shopping with her husband Ben and their children Ruby, three, and Morgan, 20 months, when baby George needed feeding. Mrs Edwards said: 'It's natural for a mum to feed her baby. Why should people feel offended? It's not as if they can see anything. 'I don't see why I should have to hide it. I was with my daughter and I want her to grow up thinking it is a natural part of life. 'I should not be made to feel ashamed. If that's their attitude then I don't know if I want to shop in a place like that.
'I have breast-fed all my children and I have never had this reaction. I don't even think about doing it now after having four children.'
Mrs Edwards from Bridgend, South Wales, was in the Swansea branch of the discount clothes store when the row broke out. She said: 'I put my shopping down and left the store. 'I think it's disgusting that I was doing something natural and I was faced with an ultimatum. 'If people don't like it then don't look. As campaigns say "breast is best", and then you get this kind of reaction.'
A spokesman for Primark, which has 143 stores across the UK, told Mail Online that the company had 'taken steps to ensure breastfeeding is better understood by all employees'. 'A supervisor in Primark Swansea approached a customer who was breastfeeding in the store and offered her the use of a fitting room cubicle which she felt would be more comfortable and would afford some privacy,' said the spokesman.
'Unfortunately, she inadvertently caused offence to the customer who mistakenly perceived that she was not welcome to breastfeed in the store. 'It was not the supervisor's intention to cause any offence - rather to offer assistance.
'However, we sincerely regret any upset that this incident may have caused and have taken steps to ensure that the company policy on breastfeeding is better understood by all Primark employees.
'Primark customers are welcome to breastfeed whilst shopping in our stores should they wish to do so. If any customer requires privacy for this purpose, every effort will be made to accommodate this request where possible.'
OFFICIALS in Indianapolis are turning up the heat on a bakery that refused to take an order from a student group seeking rainbow-colored cupcakes for next month's National Coming Out Day.
A spokesman for Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard said city officials are conducting an inquiry into the bakery, Just Cookies, which declined to take the order last week from a diversity group at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, which ordered the cupcakes for October 11.
"The city's position is, it's the city's Market, it's a public place," mayoral spokesman Robert Vane said "There is no litmus test for buying services or products at the City Market."
Just Cookies owner Lilly Stockton defended her bakery's decision last week, first claiming that the shop does not make cupcakes, and then telling a reporter that she did not have sufficient materials to make the rainbow colors.
But her husband, David Stockton, said he had a different reason for refusing to take the order. "I explained we're a family-run business, we have two young, impressionable daughters and we thought maybe it was best not to do that," he said.
The controversy has prompted an Indianapolis radio station to hold a "Gay Cupcake Party" tomorrow. As of early yesterday, nearly 400 people had indicated that they planned to attend the event.
Vane, meanwhile, said city officials are working to determine whether the order was refused because the bakery could not provide the desired product or because something else was at play.
"It's the other proprietor stating his personal views, that's the problem, because that's not the image of the City Market and the image Mayor Ballard is trying to portray," Vane told FOXNews.com. "That's beyond the pale."
Stevi Stoesz, a spokeswoman for City Market, a nonprofit organization with a 13-member board of directors, said officials there found the bakery's alleged conduct inappropriate. "As a public marketplace, we find it unacceptable, and this is very much an equal accommodations establishment," Stoesz told FOXNews.com. "We are working with the mayor's office and city [attorneys] to resolve the issue expediently."
For more postings from me, see TONGUE-TIED, GREENIE WATCH, EDUCATION WATCH INTERNATIONAL, FOOD & HEALTH SKEPTIC, GUN WATCH, AUSTRALIAN POLITICS, DISSECTING LEFTISM, IMMIGRATION WATCH INTERNATIONAL and EYE ON BRITAIN (Note that EYE ON BRITAIN has regular posts on the reality of socialized medicine). My Home Pages are here or here or here or Email me (John Ray) here. For readers in China or for times when blogger.com is playing up, there is a mirror of this site here.
Ed Miliband attempted to shake off his ‘Red Ed’ nickname yesterday – insisting he would not back ‘waves of irresponsible strikes’ or oppose every spending cut proposed by the coalition. He sought to put some distance between himself and the union barons who enabled him to inflict a stunning defeat on his elder brother David.
Mr Miliband wanted to portray Labour as the ‘optimists’ who could change the face of Britain. But he immediately prompted confusion over his position on public finances, saying the ‘starting point’ was the last Labour government’s plan to halve the deficit – but then opposing a list of coalition cuts.
He suggested the deficit should be tackled more slowly than Labour had previously proposed to avoid damaging the economic recovery. He added that it was ‘not responsible, it’s irresponsible’ for the Government to call a halt to school building projects or to deny Sheffield Forgemasters an £80million taxpayer-funded loan.
The new Labour leader insisted he was ‘serious’ about reducing debt, and admitted the party would have been making cuts if it was still in power. ‘There will be cuts and there would have been if we had been in government. 'Some of them will be painful and would have been if we were in government,’ he told the conference.
Despite his attempts to shake off the ‘union puppet’ jibes, Mr Miliband’s debut conference speech was shot through with left-wing rhetoric. The new leader said he would back the unions’ key demand to improve rights of temporary and agency workers. He also backed union calls for a so-called ‘living wage’ of £7.60 an hour, which would effectively raise the minimum wage by 30 per cent.
He hit out at executive pay, suggesting that it should be capped, and also suggested there should be limits to Britain’s flexible labour market rules, which unions claim allow employers to exploit staff.
But as he delivered his message on strikes, Derek Simpson and Tony Woodley, joint general secretaries of the giant Unite union, sat grim-faced. Mr Simpson was caught on camera mouthing the word ‘rubbish’.
Mr Miliband said he would not support a return to 1970s-style industrial chaos threatened by some unions. He said: ‘I have no truck, and you should have no truck, with overblown rhetoric about waves of irresponsible strikes. The public won’t support them, I won’t support them. And you shouldn’t support them either.’
But he left the door open to supporting individual strikes, and union leaders later appeared to be relaxed about his rhetoric.
Mr Miliband also lavished generous praise on the union movement for its work – leading the Tories to warn last night that it was still unclear whether Mr Miliband would stand up to his union backers or ‘pander’ to them.
The coalition’s plans to slash the number of prisoners won support from Mr Miliband, who ignored warnings from senior Labour figures about going soft on crime. He said he would not oppose Justice Secretary Ken Clarke’s contentious cuts to short sentences.
Only hours before, Alan Johnson, the shadow Home Secretary who backed David Miliband for the leadership, had given a coded warning to Ed Miliband not to turn his back on tackling crime. But a defiant Mr Miliband said Labour should become the party of civil liberties again – despite its support for draconian DNA databases and ID cards.
Criminals should not make excuses for their wrongdoing, the Archbishop of York said last night. Instead of blaming their background, poverty, drink or drugs, they should face up to the cost of their crimes, Dr John Sentamu, the Church of England’s second most senior figure said.
In a tough speech on crime and society, the archbishop said prisons were necessary and condemned the way some offenders are rewarded in jail by being given cable TV and computer games.
But he called for more education in prisons, the jailing of fewer women and lesser criminals, and greater use of ‘restorative’ justice in which the offender gets a chance to make up for his or her crime.
Dr Sentamu acknowledged that some might be more likely to go to jail because of their neighbourhood, poverty, joblessness, drugs or alcohol. But he said: ‘We cannot simply blame society for the rising numbers we see going to prison each year. ‘We are accountable for what we do and what we are – in spite of all aids or hindrances from outside. ‘We are all too prone to find fault with the circumstances in which we find ourselves and this becomes our ready and familiar excuse when our conduct is found wanting.’
He said that since the 1980s there had been a steady drift towards personal interest at the expense of duty. ‘It seems that in modern culture, the rights of the individual are now paramount. But you cannot have rights without obligations and responsibilities. ‘We need to get back to valuing ourselves and our neighbours and understanding that there is a cost involved when a crime is committed – a cost to the criminal, a cost to the victim, and a cost to the community.’
Dr Sentamu said some offenders need to be jailed, and some should never be released. But he added: ‘We need to get away from the Victorian bang ‘em up culture that has been prevalent over recent decades.’ Backing the idea of community punishments, he said: ‘We need to think of a better way to tackle the underlying problems that have contributed to the choices criminals make.’
However, he continued: ‘It is common sense to say that criminals should not be rewarded for being in prison. ‘It is patently not right when we read stories of institutions that offer inmates such things as cable TV and PlayStations, and other non-essential items that many outside of prison cannot afford for their families despite working hard and sticking to the rules.’
The views of Dr Sentamu carry weight because of his long experience in dealing with the aftermath of some of Britain’s most disturbing crimes.
He was a key member of the Macpherson inquiry which produced the influential report into the 1993 murder of black teenager Stephen Lawrence. He was also involved in reviews following the murders of Damilola Taylor in London and Letitia Shakespeare and Charlene Ellis in Birmingham.
For the past decade Islam has been suffering from fear almost everywhere you look. Arab countries are afraid of being invaded by the U.S. in the wake of the invasion of Iraq. Sunni Muslims are nervous about the rise of Iran to a nuclear state dominated by Shiites. But on a far more personal level, everyone is afraid to say anything about Muhammad that would inflame the faithful. I've experienced this recently myself. On tour for a book about Muhammad — one that I wrote primarily to tell Westerners that the Prophet led an exciting, inspiring life — the first word that comes up in every interview is fatwa. The first question is "Aren't you afraid to write this book?"
Every religion takes sole possession of its founder. That's what makes it strong. That and claiming that your version of God is the only correct one. But nobody who writes books about Jesus or Buddha does so in fear. The irony is that the stronger the faith, the more open it is to intolerance. Fundamentalist Christians believe that everyone else is an outsider to the true faith, including other Christians. But Islam has become locked down to an extraordinary degree. Those of us who want to write as sympathetically as possible about Muhammad, without giving in to official hagiography, are warned off. We are made to walk on eggshells. Saddest of all, those Muslims who are pleased to see a novel about Muhammad's life scan it nervously to make sure that nothing is out of place.
Isn't it time to make Muhammad a safe topic? The Danish cartoonist who lampooned the Prophet stepped into taboo territory since Islam forbids any physical depiction of him. But Islamic art over the centuries has come to terms with the strictures against painting portraits and taking photos of people's faces. Adaptation means survival, and those forces in Islam that don't want to adapt, far from preserving their faith for eternity, are endangering it.
The irony of the situation is double, actually. Muhammad recognized Jews and Christians as people of the Book, along with Muslims. They are not outsiders but fellow worshipers. Islam was meant to be an umbrella that includes them and tolerates their faith. So the fundamentalist streak in Islam isn't true to the spirit of the Prophet. The very notion that the Koran should never be translated from the Arabic and never commented upon was born (so far as I can ascertain) among his followers after the Prophet's death. As a result, the other people of the Book have passed through reform movements and adaptations that have been denied to the Muslim faithful.
Surrounding the Prophet with veneration is one thing. We can all understand and respect that. But surrounding him with threats, a kind of theological barbed wire, is another thing. It isn't acceptable to the outside world, and moderate Arabs would be well served to speak out against it. I don't mean to dictate to anyone how they should follow their religion. But we've come to an impasse if no one is allowed to speak the truth about Muhammad or comment upon his life. As long as freedom of thought is considered the enemy, the Islamic world will be embroiled in fear forever.
ELECTED OFFICIALS don't usually acknowledge wanting to torture people in dark alleys, so it made news recently when Boston Mayor Thomas Menino expressed such a wish during a talk at Emerson College.
Menino had been speaking about the murder of Richel Nova, a Domino's pizza delivery driver who was brutally stabbed to death after being lured to an abandoned house in Hyde Park on Sept. 2. The suspects charged with Nova's late-night slaughter -- two [black] teens and a 20-year-old -- are accused of lying in wait with knives, stabbing him repeatedly in the chest and throat, and rifling his pockets for money as he lay dying. Then, prosecutors say, the three drove off in Nova's car and ate most of the pizza from its blood-stained box.
It was a horrific crime. And it hit Menino especially hard since Nova's two daughters, 20-year-old twins Marlene and Michelle, had worked the last two summers in his City Hall office. The killers were "animals," the mayor said, and he couldn't fathom their wanton cruelty. "Maybe you guys can tell me," he said to the Emerson students, "what do they think when they do that? Don't they think life is worth anything?"
A student asked Menino whether the three suspects ought to be tried in a state that, unlike Massachusetts, authorizes the death penalty. "I'm not in favor of the death penalty," he answered. The death penalty is "a hot-button issue that doesn't solve anything. . . It's unfair. I just don't think the death penalty is the way to go."
Then came the rumination about torture. "If I saw these guys in a dark alley, I'd like to have a fight with them," the mayor said. "I'd do some things that would be worse than the death penalty. . . . I would slowly torture them." Predictably, Menino's words generated some criticism -- one former prosecutor warned that they would "make it very difficult to select an unbiased jury" -- and in short order he retracted them. "I would not torture anybody," he told WBZ Radio. "I do regret it, yes, I do."
But the mayor took back the wrong words. It is his blanket opposition to the death penalty he ought to rethink, not his healthy and perfectly understandable urge to give Nova's killers a taste of the unspeakable evil they inflicted on their victim. It may not have been very genteel to speculate out loud about making the perpetrators suffer, but Menino was only giving voice to an innate and normal human craving: the desire to see justice done, to see those who prey on the weak or innocent get what they deserve.
Of course we don't permit individuals -- not even mayors -- to carry out such urges. An essential function of our criminal-justice system is to prevent self-appointed vigilantes from taking revenge on those who commit savage crimes. A civilized society understands the hatred and revulsion and thirst for vengeance such crimes can inspire. But it insists that punishment be meted out only by the state, not by outraged private parties -- and only after due process of law, complete with a fair trial, an impartial judge, the right of appeal, elaborate protections for the accused.
It is all well and good for Menino to publicize his fury at what was done to Richel Nova; I wish he were as vehement about every murder. But ultimately it is what a society does to murderers, not what its politicians say about them, that lets the world know what it really thinks about their crimes. Our attitude toward acts of evil is revealed in the punishment we mete out to those who commit those acts. Greater crimes call for greater punishments, with the very worst punishment, death, reserved for the very worst crime -- deliberate, cruel murder. Like it or not, a criminal-justice system in which no murderer, however vicious and calculating, can ever forfeit his life conveys the message that murder is not all that terrible.
How, Menino wonders, could the pitiless savages who murdered Marlene and Michelle's father be so callous about human life? No doubt he would ask the same about those who massacred four human beings -- including a 2-year-old -- in Mattapan yesterday. "I would slowly torture them," he fantasized at Emerson. But in real life, the mayor doesn't want even the bloodiest savages to face anything worse than prison. Perhaps, between visiting crime scenes and attending funerals, he should consider what happens to a society in which murderers have a greater right to life than their victims.
Are race relations in Britain getting worse? If you read the official ­ statistics and look at the ­massive increase in the number of anti-­racism policies and ­initiatives, you might be forgiven for thinking that we are ­suffering the kind of ­race-hate ­epidemic you would ­expect to find in ­apartheid South Africa.
Children as young as three could now be accused of ­racism, reported by zealous teachers who have been ordered to ­highlight any aspect of their pupils’ ­behaviour that might be ­construed as having racist overtones.
Thanks to legislation ­introduced by New Labour, schools now have to inform local authorities of all ‘racist ­incidents’ in the playground - resulting in the reporting of an estimated 250,000 cases. And yet some of these involve primary school children ­calling each other names like ‘chocolate’.
Along with a growing number of people from ethnic minorities, I believe these anti-­racism ­policies are outdated and - more to the point - damaging. By obsessing about race and exaggerating the scale of ­racism, the authorities sow the seeds of mistrust and make ­communities more divided. It is time for a fresh approach that brings people together and emphasises how much we all have in common.
The truth is, Britain is a far more tolerant place than it was 30 years ago, when there was much prejudice and ignorance. People now are increasingly relaxed about living in a multi-ethnic Britain. Indeed, young people have known nothing else and mixed marriages are increasingly common.
Of course, racism still exists, but relations have now improved to a point where many ethnic minority people do not ­experience it as a feature of their everyday life. Research in many fields, such as education and employment, shows that if there is a barrier to achievement today it is social class, rather than race.
Yet, ironically, as racism declines and public attitudes change, government agencies have become ever more ­preoccupied with the issue. It was in 2000 that the Labour government passed a heavy-handed law imposing a duty on all public authorities, such as schools, councils, hospitals and universities, to ‘promote good relations between persons of ­different racial groups’.
As a result, a lot of money is spent on legions of well-paid ‘diversity professionals’ in workplaces, whose job it is to ­monitor racism, run training courses and ensure no one offends anyone.
But rather than stamping out the problem, I believe all this hyper-awareness is ­achieving the opposite result. All the monitoring, training and meddling serve to do is exaggerate the scale of the ­problem and create more ­mistrust between communities. It means that someone of a ­different race ­sitting next to you at work can become a ­potential victim of unwitting racism. As a result, people become afraid to speak their mind or ask difficult questions of anyone of a different ethnicity in case they ‘say the wrong thing’.
To see the negative effects of officialdom’s anti-racism ­policies, I only have to look my hometown of Oldham. In the summer of 2001, it was scarred by serious rioting, ­involving Asian and white youths. Both groups were angry that summer.
The media had reported the existence of alleged ‘no-go areas’ for whites and a sharp rise in racist incidents - but it was the use of clumsy, official diversity policies that helped to heighten the tension.
Professor Ted Cantle, of the Institute of Community ­Cohesion, who was asked to investigate the disturbances, found that the local white and Asian communities lived ­‘parallel lives’.
Although pupils of Pakistani and Bangladeshi origin accounted for around a third of the primary school population in the town, there was not as much integration as there should have been because eight out of ten were in schools that were mostly non-white.
Indeed, the riots in Oldham erupted after more than a ­decade of diversity policies that had encouraged people to see ­themselves as different to each other.
A year before the riots, the local police force had followed the recommendation of ACPO, the Association of Chief Police Officers, and adopted a new ­definition of a racist incident as ‘any incident which is ­perceived to be racist by the victim or any other person’. In consequence, the police went into communities and sought to increase the reporting of anything that could be seen as a racist incident.
From being fairly steady throughout the Nineties (with 246 racist incidents reported in Oldham in 1994, 256 in 1996 and 290 in 1998) the number suddenly jumped by 56 per cent in 2000 to 452 - the ­highest rate of incidents in the whole Greater Manchester area). But it wasn’t because race crime had increased - merely that a change in the definition of so-called racist incidents wrongly suggested it had.
More generally, the drive to ‘promote good relations’ in ­Oldham means there has been a clampdown on any behaviour which might be deemed ­offensive. This naturally ­creates resentment.
When I was conducting ­interviews in the town in 2007, I kept hearing claims from locals that the council had banned St George’s flag. I asked various council staff about this claim, but none of them could confirm whether it was true or not. One official guessed it might have been done out of ­sensitivity to local ethnic minorities who ­associated the flag with ­far-Right groups that were resentful of the ­immigrant population. Another even suggested that, if the flag had been banned, it might have been for ‘health and safety reasons’.
Yesterday, a council ­spokesman said that it had not been banned. But, ­crucially, ­everyone I asked - Asian or white - felt that this sort of unnecessary, ­meddlesome decision would have been­ ­‘typical’ of the council.
Similar mistakes are being repeated across the UK, as revealed by reports of over-­zealous council officials, schools and police who have banned Christmas or English flags or other cultural ­expressions for fear of ­offending minority groups.
Even ethnic minorities often see such ­measures as over-­the-top and are irritated when they get the blame.
We know that some stories of political correctness gone mad are exaggerated - but many are not. Ted Cantle, returning to­ ­Oldham some years after his original report into the cause of rioting in the town, noted that there were complaints from the public about the police’s over-zealous ­restrictions on any expression of national pride or cultural festivals.
He also said that, despite all the diversity training and race equality guidelines, people in Oldham wanted to ask ­questions about different faiths and cultures but were afraid to do so because it might be thought ‘politically incorrect’.
Despite the well-intentioned efforts of council officials, teachers and diversity ­professionals, community ­tensions still remain. Inevitably, these grievances can grow and fester in areas of high deprivation.
No doubt, many people ­working in the field of race ­relations sincerely want to make things better. But the trouble is, they are now part of an ­infrastructure costing millions which — by ­constantly drawing attention to racism and trying to ­­micro-manage ordinary people’s behaviour - is actually making things worse.
It is time for all of us - whites and ethnic minorities alike - to put a brake on these anti-racism policies and call for the Government to review the laws that have spawned them. Let’s trust each other and talk about the things we have in common. That’s the real way to ­promote good relations.
Community-minded residents have had a ticking off for sweeping up leaves from outside their homes - because it is against council rules.
With the first autumn leaves falling onto their street, families in Blakenall, West Midlands, have dutifully been sweeping them up and putting them into their garden recycling bins. But their actions have been met with a stark warning from binmen, who told them depositing leaves in the brown containers was against council rules.
One pensioner in Guild Avenue was rapped by binmen for going against Walsall Council’s policy, which has been branded 'ridiculous'.
The rules outlined in Street Pride documents state leaves off the highway should not be put into brown bins because of 'contamination'.
Persistent offenders who break waste collection rules, including placing the ‘wrong’ materials in bins, could potentially face a fine of up to £1,000.
Council guidelines state that only grass cuttings, tree and shrub prunings, old plants and flowers, hedge clippings, weeds and leaves from residents’ own gardens can be put into brown bins.
The elderly woman who fell foul of the policy, who does not want to be named, complained to Walsall Councillor Pete Smith, who said it was 'crazy'. 'It’s still good to know some residents still take the trouble to keep the public footpath outside their own home clean,' he said. 'They should be encouraged, not discouraged.'
Now council leader Mike Bird has called for a common sense approach. He said: 'Anyone who has made comments to people about sweeping up leaves is taking the rules to the extreme. 'We are trying to encourage more pride in the community and this is the perfect example of a lady doing that and she should be praised.'
Retired lorry driver, Bill Pittam,79, from, Blakenall, said: 'I’ve always swept up leaves from outside my home and put them in my bin and have been doing for the last 30 years or so.'
Walsall Council, named the best authority in the country for its recycling targets, earlier this month approved a new rubbish collection policy, meaning it can now take enforcement action over those putting the wrong waste in the wrong bins.
A professor who got off his train one stop before the destination on his ticket was ordered to pay a £155 penalty to leave the station. Martyn Evans was told he would be fined for disembarking at Darlington, near his home, rather than waiting until Durham, where he works at the university’s philosophy department.
The state-run East Coast train company said ticketing regulations meant he could get off only at the stop he had paid for – and nowhere else.
But transport campaigners warned the restriction risked driving passengers off trains and back into their cars.
Professor Evans said: ‘Anyone would understand that you’d be liable to pay extra if you stayed on the train too long. 'But by getting off early, you aren’t even using all of the product that you’ve paid for.’
The father of two bought three advance first-class single tickets from East Coast to cover his triangular journey from Durham to London, London to Birmingham and then back to Durham.
It was nearly 8pm when he arrived back in the North-East, so he decided to disembark one stop early, at Darlington, close to his home in the village of Hurworth. However, when he tried to leave the station, the automatic barrier would not let him out. Station staff told him his ticket was invalid because he had got off the train too early.
He was ordered to pay £155 – the price of a full first-class ticket from Birmingham to Darlington. After complaining, he was allowed to sign an invoice and told he must pay the penalty later.
Professor Evans said: ‘Like most people, it did not enter my mind that I was in default of the terms and conditions by getting off the train early. ‘The whole process made me feel like a wrongdoer from the beginning and that disgusted me more than just the money itself. 'It’s absolute madness – no-one would anticipate you’d be at fault for getting off too early.’
Alexandra Woodsworth, from the Campaign for Better Transport, said: ‘The Government has promised us fair rail fares, but being charged excessively for getting off a stop early doesn’t seem like a fair deal. ‘Passengers need greater flexibility if they are to choose the train over driving or flying, and information about ticket restrictions needs to be made much clearer.’
East Coast has cancelled Professor Evans’s penalty as a ‘goodwill gesture’, but insisted that the policy was standard across the train industry. A spokesman said: ‘The terms and conditions of the advance purchase first-class ticket – the ticket which Professor Evans had used for his journey – clearly state that breaking a journey en route, or starting from an intermediate station, is not permitted.’
A spokesman for the Association of Train Operating Companies said: ‘Hundreds of thousands of people take advantage of cheap advance tickets every week with no problem at all. 'In return for significantly reduced prices, there are certain conditions which apply that are clearly advertised when the tickets are bought.’
Amy Bradley, from the Passenger Focus consumer group, said: ‘There are some very good deals to be had on the railway, but passengers tell us the price of flexibility is too high.’
Earlier this month, Emma Clark and her fiancé Davyd Winter-Bates were fined £57 each by South West Trains for disembarking two stops early during a £6 journey from London to Southampton.
This week the Senate Foreign Relations Committee will begin addressing the proposed International Violence Against Women Act (I-VAWA) — S. 2982 and H.R. 4594. With a price tag of over $1 billion over the next five years, the bill will add to the hodge-podge collection of “progressive” initiatives that are pushing the U.S. to the brink of financial crisis. Feminist groups are pushing action on the legislation before the November elections — for obvious reasons. Like so many feminist proposals, the rhetoric sounds great. Is there anybody, other than the jihadists, who is not opposed to violence against women? The problems with I-VAWA are hidden in the fine print under the lofty rhetoric; the agenda is predictable: anything promoting so-called “women’s rights” is a thinly-veiled push for anti-family policies, gender quotas, and, of course, abortion-on-demand, all on a global scale.
The issue of violence against women has a sketchy past, where facts are obscured by emotional accounts of battering and other violence. Any normal person is appalled anytime a stronger person takes advantage of or abuses a more vulnerable person. Decent people are outraged at real abuse, but false accusations and trumped up campaigns to promote hidden agendas are equally outrageous. By now, everybody knows that the old 1993 story about violent attacks on women increasing on Super Bowl Sunday was false; the “study” was debunked just days after it first appeared. Even so, periodically the “fact” still gets reported as truth. By now, everybody should also know that the majority of “domestic violence” incidences are committed by the boyfriends of mothers, not husbands and biological fathers. Sadly, however, statistics are now kept on “intimate partner” violence, and we refer to “domestic abuse” rather than breaking the violence into types of intimate partners (whether a husband, former husband, or boyfriend) or domestic household arrangement (whether marriage or cohabitation).
The facts are clear: the breakdown of marriage and family has been a major factor in increasing violence and abuse against women and children. The sad reality is that we are spinning our wheels as a nation in trying to keep up with the problems of women who are not protected by their husbands and of children who are denied the presence and protection of mature, concerned fathers. How many more women and children will be abused before we acknowledge that the investment America needs to make for the nation’s women and children is to encourage and support marriage? A married father-mother home is the safest and most nurturing place for the nation’s women and children.
Further, the urban myths continue alongside the long-standing practice of feminists equating a lack of “reproductive services” with “domestic violence.” The I-VAWA (Section 3) acknowledges U.N. Security Council Resolution 1325 — which, as those who are knowledgeable about the U.N. recognize, is the section that is cited as mandating the protection of reproductive rights. The I-VAWA would allocate $10 million a year to the United Nations Development Fund for Women, UNIFEM (Section 201), one of the major U.N. agencies devoted to promoting the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), which prominently feature reproductive and gender rights. First, note that the UNIFEM definition of domestic violence includes “psychological violence perpetrated or condoned by the government of the country in which the victim is a resident” (Section 4). Second, what the American public needs to be aware of is that the U.N.’s interpretation of “psychological violence” includes “mental distress” brought on by lack of access to abortion services.
Plus, the money trail is a maze of symbiotic relationships. For instance, the I-VAWA bill (Section 112) includes provisions for grants to Women’s Nongovernmental Organizations and Community-Based Organizations. The organization that has taken the lead in promoting I-VAWA is the Family Violence Prevention Fund (FVPF), “which stands to receive a major portion of I-VAWA funds.” The FVPF promotes “training and sensitization” programs for judges and judicial officials that will solidify “access to reproductive services.”
Other concerns regarding I-VAWA are equally troubling. The broad definitions of “violence” and the use of terms like “psychological harm” and “coercion” leave plenty of room for false accusations of abuse that will break up families and increase welfare dependence. The bill establishes an “Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women’s Issues” — what some have called a “feminist czar” — (Section 101) that would establish powers under one person’s control that would supersede current and established policy-making and financial procedures.
Ironically and unbelievably, the I-VAWA does not address sex-selective abortion, which is one of today’s most egregious policies perpetuating violence against women. Both China and India are facing shortages of marriageable-age women as a result of decades of this practice, a demographic fact that has sociologists and politicians concerned about the future of those nations.
The I-VAWA is promoted as a “groundbreaking bill” that will “apply the force of U.S. diplomacy and foreign assistance to preventing gender-based violence.” That loose term — gender-based violence — can mean anything and generally covers a wide range of ideological goals from the “women’s rights” agenda. In the U.S., the bill will seek to “change public attitudes” and “social norms,” efforts that are potentially “biased in their content and ideological in their purpose.”
Though these vague, nebulous goals are dressed up to sound wonderful and disguise the intent of the ideologues who promote them, their meaning can be as misleading — and disastrous — as the campaign slogan of “hope” and “change.”
BOOK REVIEW OF "The Case of the Pope: Vatican Accountability for Human Rights Abuse", by Geoffrey Robertson, a prominent Leftist lawyer in Britain who dreams of a worldwide Leftist tyranny -- in the guise of anti-tyranny, of course. The reviewer is Brendan O'Neill, a modern Marxist (or something) from a Catholic background! Brendy has a good heart, though -- JR
Robertson wants to throw open the doors of the Holy See, which he views as an irritating island of stick-in-the-mud sovereignty, and drag the pope of Rome himself before the kangaroo courts of so-called international justice. Truly, he will not be happy until his righteous writ extends everywhere.
The most alarming thing about Robertson’s book - The Case of the Pope - is that it is being treated so seriously by commentators. Written in the style of a legal document, with a list of 245 points against the Vatican, the book covers everything from the child abuse scandal that has rocked the church to the phoney nature of the Holy See’s sovereignty to the role that the Holy See plays in pressuring small nations at the UN to accept its dogma on condoms and abortion.
Yet those who have welcomed the book as a simple, clear-eyed, lawyerly argument against Holy See sovereignty, and for the potential arrest and trial of the pope, are overlooking the full-on political war that Robertson has spearheaded against the institution of sovereignty for more than 10 years now. His new attack on the Vatican, published by Penguin to coincide with Benedict’s visit to Britain, should be properly seen, not as a radical assertion of liberal humanist values over the institutionalisation of religious obscurantism, but as the latest salvo by a leading figure in the meddle-hungry human rights industry against the old ideals of sovereign equality and non-interference in other states’ affairs.
It will come as no surprise that Robertson’s tract is infused with some of the middle-class prejudices against Catholics that came to the fore of liberal public debate in Britain during Benedict’s visit. There’s the old line about Catholics being brainwashed by their priests; they are ‘indoctrinated from their childhood’ until they develop such ‘emotional and psychological respect’ for their priests that they’ll do anything the men in dog collars ask.
There’s the idea that Third World Catholics in particular are prone to turning priestly propaganda into real acts of violence, a bit like attack dogs. We’re told that ‘in Brazil and other Catholic countries’ there have been ‘macho muggings’ of gays, possibly brought about by Benedict’s decision to ‘unleash the full force of [the Catholic Church’s views on homosexuality]’. The priest speaks and the people act, because, as one expert quoted by Robertson puts it, ‘priests take the place of Jesus Christ and are to be obeyed at all costs, and never questioned or criticised’. They’re easily brainwashed, these Caflicks.
Then there is the argument that some Catholic views are so out there, so off the wall, that when they are spouted by Benedict, who exercises great influence over his flock, they become dangerous and might therefore have to be censored. Robertson argues that while it is wrong to censor ordinary individuals who make religious anti-gay comments in public, ‘Pope Benedict XVI is no voice in the wilderness’ – ‘were he to repeat in a public sermon [in Britain] his oft-stated view that homosexuality is “evil” and gays are all people with defective personalities, he would be using the full force of his spiritual office to vilify a section of the population protected by equality legislation and public order law’. In such circumstances, ‘the Home Office could not… permit his entry’, decrees Robertson.
However much Robertson tries to dress this up in the language of equality and protecting certain sections of the population from harm, it still amounts to suggesting that the state ought sometimes to interfere with and restrict people’s freedom of religion. In the Catholic case in particular – where Robertson and others seriously believe that Catholic kids are turned into priest-respecting automatons and the pope has a special hold over every Catholic’s heart and mind – the state might have to curb religious speech in the interests of preventing public disorder. And macho muggings.
While this kind of outlook has become par for the course in liberal, atheistic, so-called humanist circles in Britain, the more striking part of Robertson’s book is his stinging attack on the idea of Holy See sovereignty. I should state right now that I am no old-fashioned defender of sovereignty, especially not the Vatican’s sovereignty. As an internationalist, I can think of far better ways to organise world affairs than to divide mankind into different, often conflicting sovereign territories. I do, however, defend a people’s right to fight for and assert their self-determination against both international intervention and tyrannical rulers. And as a radical humanist, I am implacably opposed to the tiny, population-less Holy See having permanent observer status at the United Nations, where it does indeed lobby behind the scenes for restrictions on the exercise of reproductive rights, especially in the Third World.
Yet it’s important to recognise why Robertson and other intervention-happy human rights activists are so hostile to the institution of sovereignty: it’s because they view it as a barrier to having the ‘international community’ barge its way into usually small, normally black or brown states to arrest the ‘scoundrels’ who run them. In short, the sins of the tradition of sovereignty pale almost into insignificance when compared with the gung-ho, border-busting, World Police-style system that Robertson and Co. would like to replace sovereignty with.
Those championing Robertson’s apparently liberal assault on Vatican sovereignty are overlooking, or ignoring, the fact that he has previous form on this issue. In the post-Cold War period, Robertson has been amongst the most vehement critics of sovereignty. It’s a ‘pernicious doctrine’, he has argued; a ‘stumbling block for the development of international justice’; it is ‘the refuge of scoundrels’. In 1998, in that liberal interventionist moment which culminated in the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia (600 civilians dead), Robertson was on the side of ‘humanitarian’ interventionists such as Tony Blair and Bill Clinton when he said, ‘It has taken half a century but we seem at last to be working out a way to bring tyrants to justice. Why did it take so long? The problem is that the world has always been organised on the principle of “sovereignty” of the state, [the idea that] there must be no intervention in their internal affairs.’
This principle of non-intervention (which, for the record, from Aden to Vietnam to Panama, was never adhered to by Western powers during the Cold War period) is viewed by Robertson and others as a barrier to them fulfilling their fantasy about being knights in shining armour who can save the destitute and downtrodden of the world. Robertson has over the years attacked any state that jealously guarded its sovereignty rather than opening itself up to ‘international justice’. China is ‘the most obsessive defender of state sovereignty’, he has declared; that pesky Colonel Gaddafi, when elected chairman of the African Union, turned it into ‘the main opponent of the International Criminal Court, guaranteeing to protect Omar al-Bashir from its arrest warrant over his alleged crimes in Darfur’.
In an interview with the Guardian in 2008, Robertson even shared his fantasies about setting up a ‘Convention Against Tyranny’, which, the interviewer told us, would be ‘capable of giving legal justification in order to overthrow evildoers’. This is how Robertson sees himself: as a warrior against the ‘Machiavellian doctrine’ of sovereignty because it stands in the way of his pursuit of those whom the ‘international community’ decree to be ‘evil’.
In Robertson’s ideal world, the basis upon which the righteous of the international community (the West) should be permitted to force their way into those scoundrel-like states that hide behind sovereignty (the rest) should be expanded. At present, intervention is largely confined to situations where ‘genocide’ is occurring; Robertson argued in 2008 for a situation where ‘other forms of barbarism’ could be cited as a justification for the overthrow of evildoers, including, for example, ‘the Taliban’s denial of education to women and girls’. In short, any sinning state, any entity judged by international law to be wicked, should be subject to Robertson and Co.’s sword of justice.
And what a terrible sword it can be. A great irony of The Case of the Pope is that such is the extent of Robertson’s fervour for war against evil that he makes the pope look like a paragon of peace and justice in comparison. Robertson slams the Vatican for ‘regularly condemn[ing] wars – no matter how just’. And one of those ‘just’ wars that the Vatican opposed was ‘the first Gulf War, to drive Saddam out of Kuwait, which he had unlawfully invaded’. Otherwise known as the war that left 180,000 Iraqis dead, entire towns destroyed, and most of Iraq in a state not too far from the ‘Stone Age’, as one boastful American official described it. It seems that any level of tyranny is justified in combating tyranny; all forms of barbarism can be deployed in the fight against ‘other forms of barbarism’. When you have right on your side, you can do no wrong. The kind of one-eyed self-righteousness that can make someone think that the ‘international community’ is combating tyranny even as it massacres thousands really puts so-called Catholic self-delusion into perspective, and makes the idea of papal infallibility seem almost meek in comparison.
The authoritarianism and divisiveness of the post-sovereignty system of ‘international justice’ is best summed up in the International Criminal Court. Robertson was an early cheerleader, of course, arguing in 2000 that the ICC would be a ‘court for all the world’. Really? Finally instituted in 2002, the ICC is in reality a racist institution which drags African leaders to be tried for crimes against humanity. Its cases have included Uganda, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Central African Republic and Darfur/Sudan.
What do all the defendants have in common? That’s right, they are all what the old colonialists would have at least more honestly described as ‘niggers’. As Courtenay Griffiths QC, the defence lawyer for Charles Taylor at The Hague, recently said: ‘How is it possible that in 2010 we have a situation where every indicted individual at the ICC is African and every investigation is, guess where, Africa…? [T]he ICC was set up to try those lesser breeds without the law – the Africans. This is the same civilising mission from the late nineteenth century and I find it, as a black man, totally objectionable.’
This is what the liberal-elite war on sovereignty has resulted in: not increased internationalism and global equality, but their opposite – the jungle-style division of the world into the righteous forces of the West and the savages ‘over there’, and wars which have left thousands dead (but it doesn’t matter, because they died in the name of ‘combating tyranny’). Robertson’s arguments against Holy See sovereignty need to be seen in this light. Far from being a positive assertion of secularism over the international privileging of a particular religion, this looks to me more like an attempted final blow against the institution of sovereignty, the haranguing of an institution that continues jealously to guard its right to sovereign independence and integrity and the non-interference of other states and their agents in its affairs. Okay, there’s nothing positive about Holy See sovereignty; but nor is there anything positive in what motivates the main arguments against Holy See sovereignty today.
The great irony is that the human-rights lobby today plays a role that is not too dissimilar from the Catholic Church’s role of yesteryear. Robertson quotes a nineteenth-century historian who said that the then Vatican was attempting to ‘establish a power which would be the most formidable enemy of liberty… throughout the world’. In short, the Vatican had global ambitions; it longed to make everyone submit to its religious ethos and worldview and to assert its moral authority across the nations. Ring a bell?
In his first interview since his surprise win over his brother David in the party’s leadership election, Mr Miliband insisted he was his “own man” and not in thrall to the unions, whose support gave him victory.
The former energy secretary said he was tough enough to make difficult decisions and pledged to fight for hard-working “Middle England” families.
But despite insisting that the party would not “lurch to the Left” under his leadership, he spoke of plans for new taxes for higher paid workers, an assault on City bankers and new trade union rights for employees. He refused to condemn forthcoming strikes and indicated he would oppose Coalition plans to reform public sector pensions.
In a direct attempt to appeal to those traditional Labour voters alienated by Mr Blair’s premiership, Mr Miliband said: “The era of New Labour has passed. A new generation has taken over.”
But he left himself open to accusations that his attempt to reposition the party is less significant than he has suggested when it emerged that he may offer his brother – an arch Blairite – the crucial post of shadow chancellor. His claim to be working to unite the party was also weakened when, within hours, his comments drew criticism from MPs close to Mr Blair and David Miliband.
At a Progress Rally in Manchester, where the party’s annual conference is being held, Ben Bradshaw, the shadow culture secretary, said activists should declare “very firmly” that “New Labour is not yet dead”.
Jim Murphy, another former Cabinet minister and a close ally of David Miliband, said the party did “absolutely remarkable things as New Labour”.
Margaret Hodge, the MP for Barking, said she was worried the party might “write off all the things that brought Labour three election victories in a row”. Ed Miliband must use his first conference speech as leader to demonstrate the party “was not in the pockets of the trade unions”, she said.
One angry Blairite MP said: “We cannot just put Tony Blair in a box. We cannot totally disown New Labour as this lot seem to want to.”
Mr Miliband beat his brother by a wafer-thin margin after four rounds of voting. He had been consistently behind in support from fellow MPs and party members, and only edged ahead with the help of the unions. He yesterday insisted he would not be in thrall to the unions, and told the BBC: “I’m nobody’s man. I’m my own man and I’m very, very clear about that.” He added: “It’s not about some lurch to the Left, absolutely not.”
He dismissed claims that he wanted to do to Labour what Margaret Thatcher did to the Tories when she took over as leader. He described his nickname “Red Ed” as “both tiresome and rubbish”.
Mr Miliband denied that he lacked the required steel to lead his party. “I can take the toughest of decisions that you’re required to do as Leader of the Opposition and hopefully as prime minister.”
He claimed to want to represent the middle classes. “I think there are big injustices that we need to deal with in Britain — many of them affecting so-called Middle England in this country.
“People who are working hard, working long hours. They don’t have enough time to see their kids. They’re worried about their kids getting into debt. They’re worried about housing. They’re the people I want to speak for in this country.”
Labour has been thrown into turmoil by Mr Miliband’s shock victory. Tory insiders are known to be delighted by the outcome because they believe that, despite his claims to the contrary, his Left-wing leanings will alienate the middle class vote at the next election.
The election of the younger Miliband could provoke his brother to stand down. David Miliband is clearly devastated at being deprived of the leadership after coveting it for several years. Asked what role his brother might play in opposition, Ed Miliband said: “He needs time to think about the contribution he can make. I think he can make a very big contribution to British politics, but he needs the space to do that.”
Last night, David Miliband gave the strongest hint yet he was considering stepping away from front-line politics, if not immediately then in six to 12 months. In Manchester, he said he would not do anything yet to distract from his brother’s first day in the job. “Today is not a day to take anything away from what Ed is doing. I think he has made a great start.”
Yesterday it emerged that Ed Miliband is considering offering his brother the job of shadow chancellor to make up for the disappointment. There is no guarantee he would accept but if he did, the new leader risks angering Ed Balls, who is keen to shadow George Osborne.
Ed Miliband was asked to condemn the long-running British Airways dispute and planned BBC industrial action which is threatening to blackout the Conservative conference. But he replied: “I’m not going to adjudicate on every strike. But what I am going to say to you is that they should always be a last resort.” He also failed to back what will be controversial changes to the gold-plated system of public sector pensions. Mr Miliband indicated that he would not oppose all the public sector cuts being planned by the Coalition.
He also said he would look again at Alistair Darling’s plan to halve the deficit in four years, suggesting that a greater tax take was possible to compensate for fewer cuts. His declaration of the death of New Labour was welcomed by the union bosses.
Paul Kenny, the general secretary of Unison, said: “It had its time and now it has gone. The general public don’t trust it any more. People like Mandelson, and a certain degree Tony Blair, are harking back to a golden era, which of course people do when they get older like that. But the reality is it has had its time.”
Other union bosses were also quick to back Ed Miliband, but warned him to remain true to what he had said during the four-month leadership campaign.
Yesterday, Lord Kinnock [The Welsh windbag: a famous loser], a supporter of Ed Miliband, claimed David Miliband lost out because Tony Blair and Lord Mandelson both backed him. “I think Peter Mandelson’s book and his utterings afterwards may have made a difference that damaged the case of David Miliband,” he said
A national anti-paedophile database is "poisoning" relations between generations and even increasing the risk to children, a report has warned.
The controversial vetting system, designed to check adults who work with children, has become so out of control that it could eventually cover the majority of the population because most people come in to regular contact with youngsters, think tank Civitas predicts. The system, which is under review by the Government, also threatens to undermine David Cameron's desire for a "Big Society".
Unless the rules are dramatically scaled back, the report warns that volunteering will plummet. Adults will also become less willing to intervene when children are misbehaving, or help those in distress for fear of being seen as potential child abusers.
The proposed Vetting and Barring Scheme (VBS) was created by the last Labour Government and would involve at least nine million people who want to work with children or vulnerable adults having to register on a database and have criminal record checks.
The plan was met by a wave of intense criticism amid claims it was over restrictive and would even hit parents who signed up for driving rotas for weekly sports events or clubs.
In June, the new Coalition Government halted the scheme, which was due to start the following month, and is currently reviewing it's future, with plans to scale back its scope to "common sense" levels.
But in the report for Civitas today, respected sociologist Prof Frank Furedi, and co-author Jennie Bristow, warn unless the Government gets rid of the scheme altogether then nothing will change. Their study, Licensed to Hug, calls for a radical new approach to the way adults and children can interact that is "based on the assumption that the majority of adults have no predatory attitudes towards children".
The previous Government stressed the vetting system would not target those parents who make private arrangements that bring them in to contact with children, such as picking up a neighbour's child. But Prof Furedi said such assertions "ignores the reality that adults interacting with their own children in public will generally be interacting with other people's children as well, and on that basis they can be targeted for vetting".
The report said the system has resulted in society widely accepting "the principle that adults spending time with children who are not their own should have some kind of licence to do so".
"The logical consequence of demanding that some adults need to 'pass the paedophile test' is to set up an expectation that other adults, organising play dates or giving children lifts in their car, should have their motives similarly scrutinised," it adds. "Given the extent to which this scheme seems likely gradually to encompass all parents, as well as adults working or volunteering with children, the logic is that the majority of the adult population will sooner or later find itself on the vetting database."
The report, a revision of a study first published in 2008, said the Vetting and Barring Scheme is "gaining the dubious distinction of being the most unpopular piece of regulation ever developed". "Under the guise of protecting children from abuse, heavy-handed regulations not only discouraged volunteering and undermined trust, but also created a false sense of security."
Prof Furedi also warned that most adults now will simply comply with vetting rules for fear that refusing will fuel suspicion or leave them barred from being involved in whatever the activity.
He said a criminal records check is starting to be seen in similar terms to having a First Aid certificate or teaching qualification, "as though being officially cleared of child abuse give these adults some particular knowledge of, and skill with, children, whilst the rest of the adult population is effectively blacklisted and cautioned to keep its distance."
A Home Office spokesman said: "Registration with the Vetting and Barring Scheme (VBS) was halted in June to allow the new Government to bring the criminal records and Vetting and Barring regime back to common sense levels. "The terms of reference for the remodelling of the VBS and of the criminal records regime are currently being considered and a further announcement will be made shortly.”
Say Glenn Beck regularly hosted a “Christianity-expert” on his show. And say this expert was also an author who thanked Timothy Mc Veigh in the acknowledgements to his book. Say these thanks read as follows, “Timothy Mc Veigh spent long hours with me, helped open doors I could not have pushed through myself: and offered friendship and warmth to myself during research for my book. Timothy Ms Veigh championed this (book) project.” Then say Glenn Beck held a rally in Washington D.C. to counter “Extremism” in America.
“What?!” some readers ask. “So who’s that Cuba-expert? And who’s the Spanish-named guy? And how can you possibly equate him with Timothy Mc Veigh?” The Cuba-expert is the MSM’s go-to expert on Cuba/Castro and a frequent Colbert quest, Julia Sweig. The Spanish-named guy is a Castroite terrorists whose bomb-plot to incinerate and entomb thousands of New York Holiday shoppers was foiled in the nick of time by J. Edgar Hoover’s FBI, and is among the six Castro agents who (Colbert guest) Julia Sweig thanks in her book’s acklowlegements.
And since you asked, here’s a link to Ms Sweig’s book acknowledgements where she thanks Jose Gomez Abad and fellow Cuban terrorist Elsa Montero. And here are these Cuban terrorists shortly before the FBI slapped on their handcuffs.
A little background: On Nov. 17, 1962, the FBI cracked a plot by Cuban agents that targeted Macy's, Gimbel's, Bloomingdale's and Manhattan's Grand Central Terminal with a dozen incendiary devices and 500 kilos of TNT. The massive attack was set for the following week, the day after Thanksgiving. Macy's get's 50,000 shoppers that one day. Full details and documentation here.
Had those detonators gone off, 9/11’s death toll would have almost certainly taken seconds. The intent and will by Castroite terrorists (and subsequent Julia Sweig friends and champions) to commit mass-murder against Americans was certainly present, only our FBI foiled it.
The Atlantic’s Jeffrey Goldberg’s recent interviews with Fidel Castro’s in Havana were arranged by Julia Sweig. Goldberg himself described Ms Sweig as “a friend at the Council on Foreign Relations…a preeminent expert on Cuba and Latin America.” “We shook hands,” writes Goldberg about meeting Castro. “Then he greeted Julia warmly. They (Castro and Sweig) have known each other for more than twenty years.”
Seeking light on Fidel Castro’s “stunning!” (to those abysmally ignorant of his regime’s history, i.e. most MSM “reporters”) comment to him that “the Cuban Model doesn’t even work for us,” a perplexed Jeffrey Goldberg turned to nearby Julia Sweig for illumination.
In true Carnac the Magnificent mode the CFR’s “preeminent Cuba expert” seemingly held the envelope to her tilted head …”what does Castro really mean?” Then she ripped it open, blew into it, and revealed:
"He wasn't rejecting the ideas of the Revolution. I took it to be an acknowledgment that under 'the Cuban model' the state has much too big a role in the economic life of the country Ms Sweig indeed holds pre-eminence in one field: no “scholar” in modern American history—much less any honored guest on Glen Beck--thanks six different Stalinist spies and terrorists in the acknowledgements to their book, three of whom were expelled from the U.S. for terrorism and/or espionage. And no other scholar’s website references as an authority a Communist spy convicted for the same crimes as Julius and Ethel Rosenberg and currently serving 25 years in a U.S. maximum security prison.
Regarding the latter: “In 1998, a comprehensive review by the U.S. intelligence community concluded that Cuba does not pose a threat to U.S. national security,” this from the Council on Foreign Relations (Julia Sweig’s employers) website.
You’d think the CFR might know that this “1998 comprehensive review” was authored by the Clinton Defense Department’s Ana Belen Montes, who dodged the fate of the Rosenberg’s only with a plea bargain and currently serves 25 years in a U.S. federal prison for the crime of espionage. The Montes case ranks as the most damaging (for us) spy case since the “end” of the Cold War. “Ana Montes compromised our entire program against Cuba, electronic as well as human.” admitted Joel F. Brenner, National Counterintelligence Executive.
Now regarding the former: in her book’s acknowledgements, (frequent Colbert guest) Julia Sweig also thanks Ramon Sanchez Parodi, Jose Antonio Arbesu, Fernando Miguel Garcia, Hugo Ernesto Yedra and Josefina Vidal for their “warmth, their friendship and their kindness in opening Cuban doors.” All the above rank as veteran officers in Castro’s KGB and STASI-trained intelligence service. “Says who?!” some snort.
Says the retired Defense Intelligence Agency officer with a key role in nabbing Ana Belen Montes herself, that’s who. His name is Liet. Col. Christopher Simmons. He made the above allegations against the Cuban spies and Sweig accomplices, and in fact alleges that (frequent Colbert guest) Sweig herself qualifies as a “Cuban-agent-of-influence.”
In 2003 Lieut. Col. Simmons helped root out 14 Cuban spies who were promptly booted from the U.S. One was Julia Sweig accomplice, Josefina Vidal.
We will certainly look for “America’s ballsiest reporter” Stephen Colbert to address this vital issue of extremism within “America’s most influential think tank,” the Council on Foreign Relations
Granted, given Comedy Central’s mindset, Stalinist terrorism might not qualify as “extremism.” Also possible: the prospect of challenging The Council on Foreign Relations just might cause those outsized organs advertised on Colbert’s website to cravenly shrivel into their quiver.
Everyone can agree that today’s Britain — which we’re always being told has become so much more liberal — is the very model of a forward-looking, tolerant society in which freedom of expression is paramount. Correct?
If only. In fact, the intellectual trend in Britain is a remorseless slide towards a dark age of intolerance, reverting to a reason-suppressing, heresy-hunting culture in which certain opinions are being turned into thought crimes.
Astoundingly, people are being arrested by the police — even if the case against them eventually falls — because of what they have said. They are not inciting violence or any criminal activity. They are merely expressing a point of view. Yet for that they may find the police feeling their collars.
It is difficult to say when, exactly, the priorities of the British police shifted from the prevention of criminal offences towards criminalising people for causing offence. The police have become the thin blue line against the Wrong Opinion. Instead of protecting society against oppression, British police officers have become the agents of oppression.
Freedom of religious expression, for example, is a bedrock principle of an open society. Yet if Christians express their religious opposition to homosexuality, they are treated like criminals.
Dale McAlpine, a Christian preacher in Cumbria, was carted off by the police, locked in a cell for seven hours and charged with using abusive or insulting words or behaviour after telling a passer-by that he believed homosexuality was a crime against God.
Harry Hammond, an evangelist, was convicted of a public order offence and fined for holding a placard saying ‘Stop Homosexuality, Stop Lesbianism, Jesus is Lord’ at a street demonstration in Bournemouth — even though he was attacked by members of the public who poured soil and water over him.
Pensioners have even found the police on their doorstep accusing them of ‘hate crime’ for objecting to the local council about a gay pride march or merely asking if they could distribute Christian leaflets alongside the gay rights literature.
Such Christians are far from alone in finding that certain opinions are now forbidden. Across public life — in academic, legal, governmental, scientific and media circles and beyond — an atmosphere is being engendered which is inimical to independent thought.
And this is often amplified to incendiary levels through the electronic lynch-mob of the internet. Writers who bust the boundaries of permitted thinking may become the target of frenzied denunciation by a global army of haters whipping up a campaign for the dissident to be boycotted, banned or sacked.
After Jan Moir suggested in the Daily Mail that the death of the gay Boyzone singer Stephen Gately was linked to a louche lifestyle, she was subjected to a fireball of vilification on the internet, Twitter and Facebook.
The Crown Prosecution Service then said ‘the Metropolitan Police passed the article’ to them ‘to determine whether or not any crime had been committed’, but Moir would not be prosecuted.
Prosecuted! For making what at most was a tasteless remark? What on earth has Britain come to when the CPS entertains this as a serious possibility?
Moir’s particular thought crime was unwittingly to desecrate the hallowed shrine of victim culture. Certain groups of ‘victimised’ people — lone mothers, ethnic minorities, Muslims, gays — enjoy a kind of Protected Species status, in that they must never be offended; nor can any fault ever be laid at their door.
To offend or criticise them is to be guilty of hate crime. But since hatred is a subjective notion, this has opened the way for an oppressive culture of coercion, double standards and injustice.
Offending such groups has become a hanging offence — and that includes protesting against this very phenomenon.
It took Robin Page, chairman of the Countryside Restoration Trust, some five years to clear his name after he was arrested for remarking at a 2002 rally against the government’s anti-hunting laws: ‘If you are a black vegetarian Muslim asylum-seeking one-legged lesbian lorry driver, I want the same rights as you.’
To enforce the dogma of thought crime, language has been hijacked and turned inside out. Dissent has been relabelled as either hatred or insanity. Those who disagree with current orthodoxies are therefore deemed to be either bad or mad.
These modern heretics are demonised as Europhobes, homophobes, xenophobes or Islamophobes. They can therefore safely be purged from all positions of influence and their ideas trashed without any discussion.
The taunt of ‘phobia’, or irrational fear, is used along with outright accusations of insanity to place rational dissent beyond the pale. As the former Today programme editor Rod Liddle recently revealed, a BBC apparatchik said to him of Lord Pearson of Rannoch and other Eurosceptics (whose views happen to be shared by half or more of the population): ‘Rod, you do realise that these people are mad?’
Just such a charge was made by totalitarian movements from the medieval Catholic church by way of the Jacobins all the way to Stalin’s secret police.
In similar vein, the rational anxieties of millions about mass immigration or militant Islam destroying the culture of the country are held merely to demonstrate that ordinary people are racist bigots or Islamophobes.
The great gift bequeathed to us by the 18th-century Enlightenment is the freedom to disagree. This is now in eclipse. The intelligentsia — the supposed custodians of reason and intellectual freedom — has turned itself into an inquisition, complete with an index of prohibited ideas.
Nowhere is this more starkly displayed than in the hounding of scientists and others who question man-made global warming theory.
Such sceptics are vilified, smeared, denied funding and even — according to the renowned meteorologist and IPCC reviewer Professor Richard Lindzen — intimidated into telling lies to shore up the theory.
Assertions wholly inimical to science, such as ‘the argument is over’ or that global warming is the belief of a scientific ‘consensus’ — the claim once used by the medieval church to stifle Galileo — are deployed to ensure the argument is over before it can begin.
More viciously still, these dissenters have been dubbed ‘climate change deniers’ to equate their views with Holocaust denial. Not only are they thus likened to Nazi sympathisers, but rejecting man-made global warming theory — for which many of the best brains in climate-related science say there is scant or no evidence — is equated with the genocide of the Jews.
Without the freedom to question and argue, science cannot thrive — and without science, reason would be crippled and modernity would grind to a halt. Which is of course the aim of the environmental movement, whose roots lie in a stream of pagan, irrational and proto-fascist thinking which goes back to the counter-Enlightenment.
‘Politically correct’ views all derive from anti-Western, secular ideologies such as anti-capitalism, anti-imperialism, utilitarianism, feminism, multiculturalism and environmentalism. These all share the aim of overturning the established order in the West.
So any groups who have power within that order can never be offended or hurt because they are themselves offensive and hurtful, while ‘powerless’ groups can never be other than victims.
This obsession with power is, of course, a Marxist position; indeed, ‘political correctness’ is a form of cultural Marxism. But how has good old empirical, pragmatic, anti-ideological Britain succumbed to such extremism?
Part of the explanation is that, with the collapse of Soviet communism, the left shifted its focus from economics and politics to the cultural arena. Employing Gramsci’s tactic of ‘the long march through the institutions’, it captured the citadels of the culture for a variety of utopian ideas.
Class divisions would give way to equality, capitalist despoliation of the earth would be replaced by pre-lapsarian agrarian communes and all hatred, prejudice and irrationality would be excised from the human heart.
Like all ideologies, these utopian fantasies wrenched facts and evidence to fit their governing idea. Independent thought thus became impossible — which inevitably resulted in an attack upon freedom, because reason and liberty are inseparable bed-fellows.
Because these creeds purported to embody unchallengeable truths, they could permit no dissent. Reason was thus replaced by bullying, intimidation and the suppression of debate.
What we are living through is therefore a fresh mutation of the previous despotisms of first the medieval church and then the totalitarian political movements of the 20th century.
The West has now fallen victim to a third variation on the theme: cultural totalitarianism, or a dictatorship of virtue. For, in a pattern that goes back to the French Revolution, the left believes that its secular, materialistic, individualistic and utilitarian values represent not a point of view but virtue itself.
To oppose such coercive behaviour or uphold factual evidence in the face of ideological distortion is thus to be damned automatically as evil, mad and extreme.
But here’s the really striking thing. Progressive intellectuals who scorn ‘the right’ as knuckle-dragging extremists are themselves promoting a range of secular fantasies which uncannily mirror pre-Enlightenment religious fanaticism.
Anti-imperialism, anti-Americanism, anti-Zionism, environmentalism, scientism, egalitarianism, anti-racism, libertinism, moral relativism and multiculturalism are all quasi-religious movements — evangelical, dogmatic, millenarian and with enforcement mechanisms to stamp out heresy.
Some would call all this tyranny. But to progressives, tyranny occurs only when their utopia is denied. Virtue therefore has to be coerced for the good of the people at the receiving end.
Since progressivism is all about creating the perfect society, it is therefore incontestably virtuous; and so — like Robespierre’s Committee of Public Safety, like Stalinism, like Islam — it is incapable of doing anything bad. Unlike everyone else, of course, for whom it follows they can do nothing but bad.
Accordingly, progressives feel justified in trying to stifle all dissent. Never engaging with the actual argument, they instead use gratuitous abuse to turn their opponents into pariahs (while they themselves, failing to grasp the point about evidence, characterise all reasoned arguments against them as outrageous ‘insults’).
So if you are a white Christian man upholding traditional family values and expressing a desire to stop immigration and leave the EU, while being sceptical of man-made global warming and believing that Darwinian evolution does not explain the origin of life on earth, Britain is no longer your country.
If you would understand why America has lost the dynamism she had in the 1950s and 1960s, consider the new Paycheck Fairness Act passed by the House 256 to 162.
The need for such a law, writes Valerie Jarrett, the ranking woman in Barack Obama's White House, is that "working women are still paid only 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man." But why is that a concern of the U.S. government, and where is the empirical evidence that an inequality of pay between the sexes is proof of sexist hostility to women?
On average, Asians earn more than Hispanics; blacks less than whites. Mormons earn more than Muslims; Jews more than Jehovah's Witnesses. And Polish Americans earn more than Puerto Ricans. Does that prove America is a racist and religiously bigoted country?
The assumption of the Jarrett-backed law is that the sexes are equal in capacity, aptitude, drive and interest, and if there is a disparity in pay, only bigotry can explain it. But are there not other, simpler answers for why women earn less?
Perhaps half of American women leave the job market during their lives, sometimes for decades, to raise children, which puts them behind men who never leave the workforce. Women gravitate to teaching, nursing, secretarial and service work, which pay less than jobs where men predominate: mining, manufacturing, construction and the military.
Over 95 percent of our 40,000 dead and wounded from Afghanistan and Iraq were men. Men in prison outnumber women 10 to one. Is that the result of sex discrimination?
Sports have become a national obsession, and among the most rewarded professions in fame and fortune. And TV viewers prefer to watch male athletes compete in baseball, basketball, football, hockey, golf, tennis and boxing. Is unequal pay for men and women professional athletes a matter for the government?
Larry Summers lost his job as president of Harvard for suggesting that women have less aptitude for higher math and that may explain why they are underrepresented on Ivy League faculties in the sciences, economics and math. Would not that male aptitude help explain why men are dominant in investment banking and corporate finance, where salaries are among the highest?
Jarrett wants to empower the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to more closely monitor all businesses until women reach pay parity.
But if inequality of pay is a result of human nature and a free society, a greater equality of rewards can only be achieved through coercion, a government declaring its value, economic parity, to be supreme, and imposing its value and its preferred pay structure upon employers.
If this is where America is headed, why not go all the way and dictate that Asians and Hispanics, Muslims and Jews, women and men, blacks and whites, gay and straight must all be paid the exact same for the same work -- and let the EEOC hire 100,000 more bureaucrats to see that it happens? Would that be a great country or a socialist hell?
And before we empower the EEOC to monitor every business for sexism and racism, perhaps the commissioners will explain why African-Americans are 40 percent of all EEOC employees, while only 10 percent of the civilian labor force. Not a single white male sits on the commission.
Whence comes this egalitarian fanaticism? Not from our Declaration of Independence, which spoke of all men being equal in their Creator-endowed rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Nor from the America Revolution, which was about liberty not equality, not this alien ideology of egalitarianism.
Equality is not even mentioned in the Constitution or the Bill of Rights, and the 14th Amendment's "equal protection" clause did not even make an appearance until after the Civil War. And that was about equal justice under law, not the socioeconomic equality of all Americans.
No, this egalitarian ideology is traceable to the French Revolution, where the royalty and aristocracy went to the guillotine in the name of "egalite."
Under the Paycheck Fairness Act, writes Jarrett, "employers will be required to prove in court that any wage differences were based on factors other than sex -- such as education, training or experience -- and were consistent with business necessity."
In short, women alleging sexist practices by their bosses do not have to prove their guilt. The boss must prove his innocence. This is another way of saying businessman are to be presumed guilty when charged. If that is not un-American, it surely once was.
Should this bill become law, the effects are predictable: more forms to be filled out by businesses, more bureaucrats for the EEOC, more charges of sex discrimination, more class-action suits, more fines, more lawyers getting rich via the litigious looting of the private sector.
America's decline is directly related to the growth in government power and the concomitant loss of freedom.
Except in God-given and constitutional rights, we are not equal. We are all unequal. The utopian promise of equality is but the banner of every power-hungry politician in modern history. And the rise of the egalitarian society means the death of the free society.
Far from bringing equality, contraception has redistributed power away from women, says Cardinal Pell
THIS year is the 50th anniversary of the contraceptive pill, a development that has changed Western life enormously, in some ways most people do not understand. While majority opinion regards the pill as a significant social benefit for giving women greater control of their fertility, the consensus is not overwhelming, especially among women.
A May CBS News poll of 591 adult Americans found that 59 per cent of men and 54 per cent of women believed the pill had made women's lives better.
In an article in the ecumenical journal First Things that month, North American economist Timothy Reichert approached the topic with "straight-forward microeconomic reasoning", concluding that contraception had triggered a redistribution of wealth and power from women and children to men.
Applying the insights of the market, he points out that relative scarcity or abundance affects behaviour in important ways and that significant technological changes, such as the pill, have broad social effects. His basic thesis is that the pill has divided what was once a single mating market into two markets.
This first is a market for sexual relationships, which most young men and women frequent early in their adult life. The second is a market for marital or partnership relationships, where most participate later on.
Because the pill means that participation in the sex market need not result in pregnancy, the costs of having premarital and extra-marital sex have been lowered.
The old single mating market was populated by roughly the same number of men and women, but this is no longer the case in the two new markets.
Because most women want to have children, they enter the marriage market earlier than men, often by their early 30s. Men are under no such constraints.
Evolutionary biology dictates that there will always be more men than women in the sex market. Their natural roles are different. Women take nine months to make a baby, while it takes a man 10 minutes. St Augustine claimed that the sacrament of marriage was developed to constrain men to take an interest in their children.
Men leave the sex market at a higher average age than women to enter the marriage market. This means that women have a higher bargaining power in the sex market while they remain there (because of the larger number of men there) but face much stiffer competition for marriageable men (because of the lower supply) than earlier generations.
Reichert also claims that this market division produces several self-reinforcing consequences, including more infidelity.
From a Christian viewpoint it is incongruous and inappropriate to consider baby-free infidelity as an advantage for women or men.
But younger women are likelier to link up with older, successful men than older women with young men, as any number of married women can attest after rearing children, only to find their husband has left for a younger woman.
Another consequence is a greater likelihood of divorce. Because of their lower bargaining power, more women strike "bad deals" in marriage and later feel compelled to escape. This is easier today because the social stigma of divorce has declined and because of no-fault divorce laws. More women also can afford to divorce and, in some cases, prenuptial agreements provide insurance against the worst.
Only the official teaching of the Catholic Church remains opposed to the pill and indeed all artificial contraception, but this is not even a majority position among Catholic churchgoers of child-bearing age. Indeed, this particular Catholic teaching is often cited as diminishing the church's authority to teach on morality among Catholics themselves, as well as provoking disbelief and even astonishment among other Christians and non-believers.
Catholic teaching does not require women to do nothing but have children but it does ask couples to be open to kids and to be generous. What this means in any particular situation is for each couple to decide.
Progressive Catholic opinion 40 or 50 years ago urged believers to follow their consciences and reject the church's opposition to artificial contraception. Today's advocates of the primacy of personal conscience urge Catholics to pick and choose among the church's teachings on marriage, sexuality and life issues, although they generally allow fewer liberties in social justice or ecology.
These changes, regarded as progressive or misguided depending on one's viewpoint, are not coincidental but follow from the revolutionary consequences of the pill on moral thinking and social behaviour; on the broadening endorsement of a moral individualism that ignores or rejects as inevitable the damage inflicted on the social fabric. This revolution was reinforced by the music of the 1960s, for example Mick Jagger's Rolling Stones, or the Beatles.
While early Catholic supporters of the pill claimed it would diminish the number of abortions, this has not eventuated. Whatever the causes, abortion rates have increased dramatically since the mid-60s in Australia and the US, although the number has peaked.
Real-life experience suggests that the "contraceptive mentality" pope Paul VI warned about in 1968 has had unforeseen consequences. To paraphrase Reichert, an unwanted baby threatens prosperity and lifestyle, making abortion seem necessary. It is the women who bear most of the burden of trauma and grief from abortions.
Even women who believe deeply in the Christian notion of godly forgiveness, and those who do not believe in God at all, can battle for years with unassuaged guilt.
In support of his claims that women are bearing a disproportionate burden in the new paradigm, Reichert cites evidence that in the past 35 years across the industrialised world women's happiness has declined absolutely and relative to men.
We have a new gender gap where men report a higher subjective wellbeing. This decline in women's happiness coincides broadly with the arrival of the sexual revolution, triggered by the invention of the pill.
The ancient Christian consensus, which lasted for 1900 years, linking sexual activity to the lovemaking of a husband and wife to create new life, was first broken by the Anglican Church's Lambeth Conference approval of contraception in 1930.
In this new contraceptive era, where no Western country produces enough children to maintain population levels, the Catholic stance is isolated, rejected and often despised.
But the use of the contraceptive pill not only changes the dynamics within a family between husband and wife, it is also changing our broader society in ways we understand imperfectly. But 50 years is not a long time; it is still early in the story.
SECURITY has been called in after tensions threatened to boil over a provocative mural to ban burqas at a Newtown workshop. Following artist Sergio Redegalli's painting opposing the Islamic face covering veils with the slogan "Say no to burqas", security outside the premises has been called in after tensions threatened to boil over.
Police also attended the unit at Wilford and Station St after a female resident allegedly unleashed a foul mouthed tirade against the picture and attempted to deface it with paint.
Security guard Nathan Daniels, called in by Mr Redegalli to protect his work, said there had been a lot of abuse - nearly all from women. "The trouble has been mainly from feminists saying it was sexist and racist. This one woman was abusing the artist - shouting and swearing at him as well as making threats that she's `going to get him', so we had the police called in," Mr Daniels said.
"The thing is Mr Redegalli is trying to get the message across that by women wearing the burqa their identity is being wiped out. A policeman said to me it has practical problems for them, such as identifying people," he added.
A resident, who did not want to be named in case of reprisals, said: "I'm only a pensioner but I would like to give the guy $50 for doing this. "These people come to our country so the least they should do is try and integrate a bit. I don't want to be named because I fear for the safety of my family and friends - everyone's scared of them."
Mr Redegalli said the painting was a rallying call against the creeping growth of extremism in Australia and was not anti-Islam. "It's about the burqa and extremism and not Islam. This mural has come from frustration," he said. "You can't say anything about Muslims without getting in trouble."
The image, which faces one of CityRail's busiest corridors, has been defaced twice since painting began on Monday.
Marrickville Mayor Sam Iskandar said he "condemns" the painting but council did not have the right to remove it.
Muslim Women's National Network Australia president Aziza Abdel-Halim said the image was disrespectful, insulting and an "immature way" of starting a debate. "I don't think [Mr Redegalli] is really even worth thinking about," she said. "[Wearing a burqa] is a matter of personal choice."
Labelled as kmart kitchen tables on sale subject also small dining room sets subject plus dinette tables for sale area of interest and sears kitchen tables on sale discussion along with dining room sets with bench subject also dinner tables on sale discussion and Dining Tables, So don't forget to check out the main article in marvellous dining tables on sale
About us: TennisLive.us provides tennis live scores, older tennis scores for ATP and WTA tennis tournaments and challengers. On TennisLive.us you can find also ATP and WTA tennis players statistics, comparison of tennis players, ATP rankings and WTA rankings.
I am pleased to share that in addition to my work at STC, I will be teaching lessons at @utrgv this coming semester!
My article "Repertoire First, Routine Second" has been featured in the @deniswickusa newsletter. Check it out! https://t.co/yasIIFZhLr
In the current market, actually making music is the smallest piece of most jobs. The biggest piece is probably marketing and promotion.
Colleges have started to realize this, and there’s now a big effort to teach music majors not just musicianship, but also some business skills. However, I think that sometimes students take away the wrong message. Any promotional work you do is in service of your product. You must first have a high-quality product that people want, or your marketing just looks pretentious.
Imagine for a moment that you manage to schedule coffee with a key contractor in town. At that meeting, you give her a really classy-looking business card. Impressed with your professionalism, the contractor visits your beautiful, modern website and clicks on the “media” link. Inside, she hears sloppy, amateurish playing. Not only will she not hire you for her upcoming gig, but you have lost all credibility with this contractor and anyone else she talks to. All the effort that you put into making your branding memorable now works against you; because the contractor will remember you, but in a negative way.
Yes, develop your brand, but also practice your axe. Until you consistently sound impressive, most of the time you’re spending on marketing might be better allocated in the practice room.
Once your playing is reliably high-quality, it’s time to think about packaging. Very few people can get away with marketing themselves as “a great trombonist.” There are a lot of really skilled musicians out there; unless you’re playing in a top-tier orchestra and/or working every week in the Los Angeles or London recording studios, you’re not going to stand out from the crowd on the strength of your playing alone. Instead, think about your work as a product you might sell at a store. Who is your target clientele? What do they need, and how can you meet that need?
Of course, you’re a well-rounded musician, and you can do many things well. But a nicely packaged product will focus on a specific service that you can provide. Are you a great doubler? Sell the economics of needing to hire fewer musicians to produce a wider range of timbres. Populate a YouTube channel that demonstrates this skill set. Do you have extensive experience in a particular popular genre? Design a stylistically appropriate business card to make it more likely that you will be hired for those types of shows. Like any business, you can assemble multiple products to sell; your holiday brass quintet and your wedding jazz combo products can coexist. But, if you try and just market yourself in general, your prospective corporate party gig might never even find your website — and if they do, they might not look past the New Orleans funk videos.
Like anything else in life, self-promotion is about strategy. Be organized in your efforts, and have a reason for every move you make. We all have limited time and finances, so it’s very important to maximize the return on any investment made in branding and marketing!
Featuring the trademarked Supercloud footbed, the men's adidas Performance Adissage SC slides provide superior comfort and are quick-drying, making them perfect for in-between swim sessions.
BAṆDHEJ ਬੰਧੇਜ Parsimony ; a medicine taken to prolong pleasure in carnal intercourse ; a mode of tying on a pagṛí ; the act of tying a cord at intervals on a roll of cloth , as practiced by dyers , before it is put into the dye , to prevent the colouring
Welcome to the web's most popular free Modern Online English to Punjabi Dictionary & Punjabi to English dictionary with spell check! You can search for Punjabi to English translation or English to Punjabi translation. The number of words available for search in this online dictionary has already reached 80,000 and is still growing. You can use it as a Thesaurus also. In addition to providing you the matching Punjabi words for your search, it also gives you related Punjabi words.
You can use this online dictionary in two ways : translate English words to Punjabi or translate Punjabi words to English. The aim of this site is to help you to learn Punjabi words and Punjabi numbers easily.
This dictionary is the best fit to run on your phones and mobile devices including Android phones, iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch or Blackberry. Just visit this webpage from your mobile phone and simply start searching. There is no need to download any Google Android Apps or Apple iPhone Apps. Thousands of our visitors search this Punjabi dictionary directly from their Android smart mobile phones, iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch or Blackberry every day!
For English to Punjabi translation, enter the English word you want to translate to Punjabi meaning in the search box above and click 'SEARCH'.
For Punjabi to English translation, you have several options to enter Punjabi words in the search box above.
2. If you are familiar with Romanised Transliteration (phonetic), you can select the Punjabi to English dictionary button above and start typing in English. While you type English letters phonetically, and hit the space bar, these will be automatically converted into Punjabi letters / Punjabi characters. When there are more than one possible Punjabi words, the closest Punjabi word will be visible, but by pressing the "Backspace" key, you can see more matching words that you can select from.
The album features some of my favourite Country Songs, Songs relating to matters of the heart that have a timeless quality.
plastic cabinet these stylish storage cabinets are very pleasing they have a wonderful design for sale ph.
shower splash guard for bathtub amazing glass panel doors design large size bathroom sink ideas clips.
NB! The domain has been registered, but is not associated with a server. A server can be ordered by the domain owner or manager.
In our forty fifth episode Richard is joined by original Hatch host Claire Meredith to discuss her Italian adventure.
In our forty fourth episode Richard is joined by Andrew Hall to discuss Mental Energy and Decision Fatigue.
♡ My name is Sabrina, 31 years lasting from Boston: Suck the shaft Horny as hell and need a wayward guy to reason my wet pussy. I want it from a chain novelty sexual congress positions and places produces more dopamine, giving a stronger orgasm Send me a text In addition please do not friend me unless you system on opening chat with me. Verifiable girl here
♡ My name is Kelley, 27 years old from Bakersfield: I'm just looking to get to know new interesting people! someone to chat with or text with. I need a ruggedly good looking guy, tall, dark and well hung I want it from a man muscular men have an average four more sexual partners than their less musclular men! My pussy is sooo wet, i need you to fuck me. Someone can give it to me. I can open my own doors but will appreciate you doing so for me.
There is no passion to be found playing small, in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living - Nelson Mandela, Former President of South Africa
Language: Russian Platform: PC Activation: Steam Regional restrictions: Russia, Ukraine and CIS CAUTION To start the supplement you must have installed the game Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3! CAUTION The key can not be activated in Origin.
Composition of Chaos Pack: 2 special operation (available for single and cooperative transmission): - Arctic Recon - Light 'Em Up - Vertigo - Special Delivery 3 card mode Face Off: - Vortex - U-turn - Intersection New game mode: - Chaos Mode You will have as long as possible to stay alive, killing a huge number of opponents. This product is distributed via digital distribution, is a only a pin code and contains no packaging and boxes.
После оплаты вы получаете ссылку по которой вы сможете получить лицензионный ключ (CD KEY) из коробки с игрой Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 Apocalypse (DLC4) от официального поставщика - компании "Новый Диск", для активации в системе STEAM. Внимание: Для успешной активации дополнения Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 Apocalypse (DLC4) необходимо иметь активированный и установленный в Steam оригинал игры Call of Duty: Black Ops 2. Данное издание предназначено для распространения на территории России и стран СНГ. Четвертый, финальный набор дополнительных материалов включает совершенно новое сражение с ожившими мертвецами, получившее название Origins, а также четыре карты для многопользовательской игры. Карта Pod позволит вам принять участие в отчаянной перестрелке посреди заброшенного утопического поселения на Тайвани. На карте Frost вам предстоит сразиться за стратегически важный мост над замерзшими каналами, разделяющими городские кварталы. Takeoff воссоздаст атмосферу ожесточенного ближнего боя, которая прославила карту Stadium из первого DLC к оригинальной Call of Duty: Black Ops. И наконец, карта Dig, адаптированный вариант популярной Courtyard из Call of Duty: World at War, перенесет вас в Афганистан, в самый центр масштабных археологических раскопок. Оригинальную копию ключа, лицензионное соглашение и все копии программного обеспечения в оригинальной упаковке вы можете получить удобным для вас способом. Для этого после оплаты и получения цифровой копии ключа, свяжитесь с нами по email или телефону. Для жителей Москвы доставка может быть осуществлена курьером. Почтовые расходы по отправке, равно как и услуги курьерской службы оплачиваются вами отдельно.
Get RightCasino's definitive verdict on Casumo Casino along with information about every aspect of its service. Could this be review A Warren 1 year ago. Love the fact that Casumo is always adding new and exciting slot games. The new releases are super easy to find. They are all listed on the new Games page. Supernova Casino is an online casino site that features slots and other games from Rival Gaming. At first, it's a more honest company, and if you read ahead on the net, you'll find various positive reviews and where customer support actually is taking time and effort to answer as much as possible. Now at the end of the day, we all come around for some play and hopefully some good winnings. My trust in online slots was. Not much of available payment platforms to be used. Maximise your Predictive Intelligence PI and succeed! I would suggest that you play using Google Chrome as browser and also remember to clear Cache and Cookies on a regular basis, this usually speeds up the site when done regularly. When you scroll down the page, you can not find the end. You can check your progress on the 'Hall of Champions' leaderboard at any time. All non-operator links are included for educational or informative purposes only. I'm sorry to hear that you have developed a gambling addiction. Not a member yet? Nice, now please choose your preferred payment methods. Owned by the Red Baron Group PLC, who are based in Edinburgh, this website has backing from a very successful and accomplished online casino company. The menus are a little bulky all games are listed but you can usually find what you are looking for quickly and efficiently. Find my Right Casino. It does seem to have been designed for tablets, and Stickers Slot - Norsk Netent Casino - Rizk Casino pГҐ Nett a laptop or large PC monitor there are large expanses of white space. Mr Green Casino - 17th day of pending withdrawals £14, Resolved. The main alternative is a great no download, instant play option that can be accessed right on the Supernova site. This is largely thanks to the efforts of NetEnt whose Fairytale Legends games in particular are extremely entertaining.
Slotocash Casino Review Good choose of slots, especially my favorite provider Yggdrasil. Currently the bonus system that we have set up is created through all the player feedback we've received over the years, to make sure that it's working in the way the majority wishes for. You've Won a Free Spin. Since Mr Green Casino is designed to work on any compatible mobile device, members can play their favourite games on their iOS and Android smartphones and tablets. Not much of available payment platforms to be used. Casumo himself is a little sweetheart though, and has been very nicely animated. Members sign in box This is where your casino journey begins. It saddens me to hear that you have had to Caligula Slot Machine - Play for Free Online Today a long time to receive your winnings, I can assure you that we always strive to pay out our players winnings as quickly as possible since we understand the frustration in winning big and then having to wait for the money to reach your bank account. The welcome promotions are reasonable but unexceptional and the same can be said of the games. It's always nice to be able to change this perception! When it comes to the bonuses we offer most players gets to take part in one of our awesome welcome offers.
We are capable of undertaking all waste removal. Based in London, we provide well priced scrap collection for customers and / or authorities around Chingford Hatch including Ashford. Customers use us because we charge no skip lighting costs. Services provided include '20% off moving debris' in addition to 'total lifting and loading of refuse from your property'. Click here for home clearances.
Searching Google for a council registered London based man and van who can cart off your waste together with dross safely at a registered London dump? All waste can be lifted and loaded in a single day depending on load size.
Are you looking for a cheap price for scrap collection or removal of garden waste? Are you in a retail unit or office? We can help all private customers in Chingford Hatch. Diamond Ltd (London) is a licensed and eco-friendly home and office clearance company based in London. Stuff that we remove includes piles of topsoil / dirt, washing machines, chairs and greenhouses.
Diamond can offer a discount for large jobs, domestic waste disposal, regular and commercial customers near Chingford Hatch
Diamond Waste can carry off your gas cylinders, bin stores, televisions, sheds or lorry tyres (could cost more as expensive to dispose of) safely, cheaply at a time to suit, wherever you are in Chingford Hatch.
Get in touch with us in Chingford Hatch on 0800 138 9100 about scrap collection or fill in our booking form. Would you like to receive a free estimate or do you need help calculating the load size? Click here for general prices.
Diamond Waste Services Environment Agency approved for the removal & treatment of hazardous waste including asbestos across all of London
Servicing: All of South London, West London, East London and North London | Bins, rubbish & recycling | We are fully licensed by the Environment Agency and appreciate our environmental responsibilities and therefore aim to reuse or recycle as much as we possibly can. | See: Recycle for London | Mayor urges London to recycle, help protect the environment & save millions of pounds this Christmas | London City Hall | Areas of London we cover | Rubbish Clearance |
Some say the love of reading is something that is innate, while others say that it is something that we acquire throughout our lives, and still others say it is a mixture of both. I am of the opinion that it is a mixture of nature and nurture, and in my own life, nurture played a crucial role. My own love of reading was greatly inspired by the people around me, namely my father, my community, and also my peers.
The person who inspired my reading most was my father. Some of my fondest memories of my childhood are of my father’s animated voice filling the room as he gave life to the seemingly inert words on the page and read to his captive audience of two: my brother and I. In these moments, I was transported to a world of imagination and magic. I looked forward to these frequent readings, and I remember the burning desire and determination they inspired in me to someday learn to decipher the jumble of meaningless letters on the page. Once I learned how to read, these continued readings only further deepened my enjoyment of reading.
In addition to my father’s influence, the library summer reading programs added to my appreciation of reading. I found out about the programs, and was encouraged to join them, through my school. I always enjoyed entering into these with my older brother. My brother and I would compete with each other to see who could read the most books during the summer. We would spend many hours of enjoyment in the library, each bent on scouting out the best books, treating it as a kind of reading playground. In this way, the library provided a space in which we could explore and enrich our minds through reading.
Finally, my peers have also influenced my enjoyment of reading. I remember being in the third grade and a boy in my class asking me if I had read the Harry Potter books. Having recently arrived to the U.S. only about six months back from my country of El Salvador, I’d never even heard of them. He was astounded by this and immediately grabbed my arm, walked me over to our class’s bookshelf, and thrust a hardcover copy of The Sorcerer’s Stone into my hands. I was highly amused by how insistent he was in telling me that I absolutely “had to” read up till the last book published, and I was so curious at his insistence that I proceeded to read this mysterious book to see what all the fuss was about. The result was that I instantly became an avid fan, devoured the other books, and, like most of my peers, eagerly awaited the publication of the next book in the series until the very last one was published. In this manner, sharing the love of reading with my peers was something that greatly influenced my own reading habits.
Each experience is unique, but for me, my enthusiasm for reading was mainly impacted by a father whose own enthusiasm for books was conveyed through his animated readings and reading habits. It was also influenced by my community, which gave me a ‘playground’ full of books to play with, and by my peers, who shared their love of good stories with me and thereby enriched my own. Thanks to all these, my appreciation of reading has only deepened throughout my life, and I expect it will only continue to do so as I continue to learn of new ways of understanding, reading, and viewing the world of depth and meaning contained in the written word.
Marx assumes that value is determined by labour time. If productivity increases (that is, you make more stuff in the same amount of time) the price of the stuff (tends to) go down and your rate of profit too. Of course, the "physical profit" goes up, since if you put 10X and get 15X in the same amount of time when prior to that I got 12X my profit may not go down because I produce (and sell) more stuff in the same amount of time. But if the amount of things I produce it´s not so much as the lowering of the price of each unit of stuff I may actually earn less money even in the case I make more stuff in the same amount of time. So simple. And if the premise it´s true, logic as hell. Have I understood it correctly, andrew kliman?
Andrew Kliman Yes, Antonio Dorado, except maybe for "assumes." I think Marx would say that the analysis in the book shows this to be the case
Searching for inspiration in biblical scenes, Diana Napolitano creates works that effortlessly convey her faith. "Joel 2:32" consist of a lower half that emphasizes worldly and urban events, while the upper half is dominated by the infinite sky and the sparkling light. The human realm shows a series of buildings with arched roofs and small windows, whereas a fortress oppears to be waiting for the blessed ones in heaven. The strong contrast between light and dark underlines the role of the church as the place that gives divine shelter to the believers. "You are Beautiful, my Darling (Song of Songs 6:4)" refers to Solomon words about married life since in a sense, the loving groom has transformed the bride's perception of herself. The plump body suggests hedonism and sensuality, yet the relevance given to the belly and breasts seems to imply that the woman symbolizes the significance of motherhood, rather than a mere object of desire.
What makes working at Elevate K-12 so great? For starters, we have the best people on our team! We love to give credit where credit is due, so in this issue we are putting the spotlight on our busy bee, adventurist and energetic go-getter, Jenny!
Outside of being an Elevate K-12 Educational Partnerships Manager (Midwest), but I am also our designated Chicago office busy bee!
For fun I like to do anything active & outdoors! I love Orange Theory Fitness, skiing and boating, to name a few.
I love to be busy and active – it makes me feel productive and fulfilled! I try to fill my free time with bike rides, swimming, fitness classes, concerts, volunteering and traveling with family & friends. My role with Elevate K-12 fits my active personality perfectly since I am always on the go and meeting new people!
It’s tough to be outdoors and active during the Chicago winters, but my husband and I make the most of it by being avid skiers. We decided to share our passion for the sport (and free time) by starting a ski club for kids last year with my sister in law! Every Saturday in the winter we take a group of kids to the local ski hills and teach them how to ski. We love to see them learn a new sport and have fun on the slopes!
I’m always on the go, and in many companies that can be really isolating. My Elevate family, however, goes out of their way to hear my latest stories and connect on a personal level. I love that everyone genuinely takes an interest in each other and can support each other in and out of work.
I have learned over the years that if you put your mind to something and take the time to practice, you can learn to do anything.
Look at almost any independent movie playing nowadays, and it is truly an incredible the huge debt that is owed to Vittorio De Sica’s Bicycle Thieves. The 1948 film may not have been the first to incorporate what has now come to be known as Italian Neorealism, but is perhaps the most long lasting in terms of impact. Auteurs obviously came to mind, though we had not even pondered the likes of Night Moves, a sleeper hit at TIFF in 2013, took a measure of influence from De Sica’s film. Indeed, the idea of using non-professional actors, filming outside, using long takes and scenes that appear tangential, not to mention an ambiguous ending come straight from this almost seventy-year-old movie.
Winner of a special Academy Award, (as Best Foreign Film was not yet given out), it is imperative that a film historian views this landmark film on the big screen, and within the prism of how it has come to influence so many of the films coming out in 2015. The film opens More Than Life Itself: Rediscovering the Films of Vittorio De Sica, a vital part of the Summer in Italy program playing at the TIFF Bell Lightbox this summer. To further assist our Bicycle Thieves appreciation, we turned to venerable TIFF Senior Programmer at the Cinematheque James Quandt to explain the legacy of Bicycle Thieves.
Scene Creek: A small shift, but do you believe that the change in translation from The Bicycle Thief to Bicycle Thieves, implicates Antonio?
James Quandt: In fact, that shift was a long time in coming and was not without controversy, as the film was known for decades as The Bicycle Thief. The Italian title is very specifically in the plural, which I think is very important for De Sica’s vision. It’s not so much a matter of implicating others, but broadening the plight of the central character to encompass a whole post-war society, desperately trying to survive.
Scene Creek: The film is monumentally influential, but what movement in film jumps to mind immediately, French New Wave, Iranian New Wave, modern Italian film, Romanian New Wave, American Indie films of now, or perhaps auteurs like the Dardennes?
James Quandt: Your (wise) question answers itself! I would say all of the above, and more. The resurgence of classic humanist cinema over the past decade or so can be greatly traced back to this film, and I think many filmmakers such as Kelly Reichardt recognize that the film is not the sentimental “male weepie” its disparagers have called it, but that its vision is harsh and full of asperity.
Scene Creek: Do you think that the appearance of Rita Hayworth (in the form of a picture) was meant to signify that Hollywood at the time was removed from reality?
James Quandt: Perhaps, but I think De Sica is one who, as both actor and director, was also in awe of Hollywood cinema, and aware that Hayworth’s appearance evokes the world of glamour and fantasy that the poor characters he portrays in the film would have yearned for when they could afford to go to the movies – they certainly would not have wanted to see their own grim lives on screen!
James Quandt: I attach no symbolic meaning to the bicycle. It is merely a means of survival, and the same story could have been told with another similar object, necessary to maintain a job.
Though many believe that the bicycle stands for something greater, come and decide for yourself this Thursday at 6:30 p.m. when The Bicycle Thieves plays as a part of More Than Life Itself: Rediscovering the Films of Vittorio De Sica.
Steady and subtle and shot so naturally, Meshchaninova’s Core of the World demonstrates a careful attention to the intricacies of human interaction.
THE kingdom of Aragon, stretching across both sides of the Pyrenees, with a population kindred in blood and speech to that of Mediterranean France, was particularly liable to inroads of hereasy from the latter. The Counts of Barcelona had been Carlovingian vassals, and even owned a shadowy allegiance to the first Capetians. We have seen how ready were Pedro II. and his successors to aid in resisting Frankish encroachments, even at the cost of encouraging, heresy, and it was inevitable that schismatic missions should be established in populous centres such as Barcelona, and that heretics, when hard-pressed, should seek refuge in the mountains of Cerdaña and Urgel. In spite of this, however, heresy never obtained to the west of the Pyrenees the foothold which it enjoyed to the east. Its manifestations there were only spasmodic, and were suppressed with effort comparatively slender.
It is somewhat remarkable that we hear nothing specifically of the Cathari in Aragon proper. Matthew Paris, indeed, tells a wild tale of how, in 1234, they were so numerous in the parts of Spain that they decreed the abrogation of Christianity, and raised a large army with which they burned churches and spared neither age nor sex, until Gregory IX. ordered a crusade against them throughout western Europe, when in a stricken field they were all cut off to a man; but this may safely be set down to the imagination of some pilgrim returning from Compostella and desiring to repay a night's hospitality at St. Alban's. In the enumeration of Rainerio Saccone, about 1250, there is no mention of any Catharan organization west of the Pyrenees. That many Cathari existed in Aragon there can be no doubt, but they are never described as such, and the only heretics of whom we hear by name are los encabats--the Insabbatati or Waldenses. It will be remembered that it was against these that the savage edicts of Alonso II. and Pedro II. were directed, towards the close of the twelfth century. *
After this, for a while, persecution seems to have slept. The sympathies and ambition of King Pedro were enlisted with Raymond of Toulouse, and after his fall at Muret, during the minority of Jayme I., the Aragonese probably awaited the results of the Albigensian war with feelings enlisted in favor of their race rather than of orthodoxy. As it drew to a close, however, Don Jayme, in 1226, issued an edict prohibiting all heretics from entering his kingdom, doubtless moved thereunto by the numbers who sought escape from the crusade of Louis VIII., and he followed this, in 1228, with another, depriving heretics, with their receivers, fautors, and defenders, of the public peace. The next step, we are told by the chroniclers of the Inquisition, was taken in consequence of the urgency of Raymond of Pennaforte, the Dominican confessor of the young king, who prevailed on him to obtain from Gregory IX. inquisitors to purge his land. This is based on the bull Declinante, addressed, May 26, 1232, to Esparrago, Archbishop of Tarragona, and his suffragans, instructing them to make inquest in their dioceses after heretics, either personally or by Dominicans or other fitting persons, and to punish such as might be found, according to the statutes recently issued by him and by Annibaldo, Senator of Rome. This doubtless gave an impulse to what followed, but as yet there was no thought of a papal or Dominican Inquisition, or of adopting, foreign legislation. In the following year, 1233, Don Jayme issued from Tarragona, with the advice of his assembled prelates, a statute on the subject, showing that the matter was regarded as pertaining to the State rather than to the Church. Seigneurs who protected heretics in their lands forfeited them to the lord, or, if allodial, to the king. Houses of heretics, if allodial, were to be torn down; if held in fief, forfeited to the lord. All defamed or suspected of heresy were declared ineligible to office. That the innocent might not suffer with the guilty, no one was to be punished as a heretic or believer except by his bishop or such ecclesiastic as had authority to determine his guilt. Bishops were ordered, when it might seem expedient to them in
places suspected of heresy, to appoint a priest or clerk, while the king, or his bailli would appoint two or three laymen, whose duty it should be to investigate heretics, and, taking precautions against their escape, to report them to the bishop or to the royal officials, or to the lord of the place. In this incongruous mixture of clerical and lay elements there may, it is true, be discovered the germ of an Inquisition, but one of a character very different from that which was at this time taking shape at Toulouse. The subordinate position of these so-called inquisitors is seen in the provision that any negligence in the performance of their functions was punishable, in the case of a clerk, by the loss of his benefice, in that of a layman, by a pecuniary mulct. *
To what extent this crude expedient was put in practice we have no means of knowing, but probably some attempts were made which only proved its inefficiency. Esparrago died soon afterwards and was succeeded in the archiepiscopal seat of Tarragona by Guillen Mongriu, whose vigorous and martial temperament was illustrated by his conquest of the island of Iviza. Mongriu speedily found that the domestic Inquisition would not work, and applied for the solution of some doubts to Gregory, who sent him, April 30, 1235, a code of instructions drawn up by Raymond of Pennaforte. About this time we find the first record of active work in persecution, which illustrates the absence of all formal inquisitorial procedure. Robert, Count of Rosellon, was one of the great feudatories of the crown of Aragon. The seems to have been involved, as most nobles were, in some disputes as to fiefs and tithes with the Bishop of Elne, whose diocese was in his territories. The bishop accused him of being the chief of the heretics of the region and of using his castles as a refuge for them. All this was very likely true--at least the bishop had no difficulty in finding witnesses to prove it, when Robert obediently abjured, but subsequently relapsed. Don Jayme accordingly had him arrested and imprisoned, but Robert managed to escape and shut himself in one of his inaccessible mountain strongholds. His posi-
tion, however, was desperate, and his lands liable to confiscation; he therefore expressed to Gregory IX. his desire to return to the bosom of the Church, and offered to serve with his followers against the Saracen as long as the pope might designate. Gregory therefore wrote, February 8, 1237, to Raymond of Pennaforte, that if the count would for three years with his subjects assist in the conquest of Valencia, and give sufficient security that in case of relapse his territories should be forfeited to the crown, he could be absolved. On hearing this the good bishop hastened to the papal court and declared that if Robert was absolved he and his witnesses would be exposed to the imminent peril of death, and that heresy would triumph in his diocese; but, on receiving assurances that his fiefs and tithes would be taken care of, he quieted down and offered no further opposition. *
Under the impulsion of Gregory and of Raymond of Pennaforte, Dominican inquisitors had at last been resorted to, and in this year, 1237, we first become cognizant of them. In right of his wife Ermessende, Roger Bernard the Great of Foix was Vizconde of Castelbo, a fief held of the Bishop of Urgel, with whom he had had a bitter war. He gave Castelbo to his son Roger, who, by the advice of his father, in 1237, allowed the Inquisition free scope there, placing the castle in the hands of Ramon Fulco, Vizconde of Cardona, in the name of the Archbishop of Tarragona and the bishops assembled at the Council of Lerida. That council thereupon appointed a number of inquisitors, including Dominicans and Franciscans, who made a descent on Castelbo. It had long been noted as a nest of Catharans. In 1225, under the protection of Arnaldo, then lord of the place, perfected heretics publicly preached their doctrines there. In 1234 we hear of a heretic of Mirepoix going thither to receive the consolamentum on his death-bed. The inquisitors, therefore, had no difficulty in finding victims. They ordered two houses to be destroyed, exhumed and burned the bones of eighteen persons, condemned as heretics, and carried off as prisoners some forty-five men and women, condemned fifteen who fled, and were undecided about sundry others. Still, the Bishop of Urgel was not satisfied, and he gratified his rancor by condemning and excommunicating Roger
Bernard as a defender of heretics, and it was not until 1240 that the latter, through the intervention of the Archbishop of Tarragona, and by submitting, abjuring heresy, and swearing to perform any penance assigned to him, procured from the bishop absolution and a certificate that he recognized him "per bon et per leyal e per Catholich." *
In 1238 the Inquisition of Aragon may be said to be founded. In April of that year Gregory IX. wrote to the Franciscan Minister and Dominican Prior of Aragon deploring the spread of heresy through the whole kingdom, so that heretics no longer seek secrecy, but openly combat the Church, to the destruction of its liberties; and though this may be an exaggeration, we know from a confession before the Inquisition of Toulouse that there were enough scattered through the land to afford shelter to the wandering Catharan missionaries. Gregory, therefore, placed in the hands of the Mendicants the sword of the Word of God, which was not to be restrained from blood. They were instructed to make diligent inquisition against heresy and its abettors, proceeding in accordance with the statutes which he had issued, and calling in when necessary the aid of the secular arm. At the same time he made a similar provision for Navarre, which was likewise said to be swarming with heretics, by commissioning as inquisitors the Franciscan Guardian of Pamplona and the Dominican Pedro de Leodegaria. As an independent institution the Inquisition of Navarre seems never to have advanced beyond an embryonic condition. In 1216 we find Innocent IV. writing to the Franciscan Minister there to publish that Grimaldo de la Mota, a citizen of Pamplona, is not to be aspersed as a heretic because while in Lombardy he had eaten and drunk with suspected persons, but this is the only evidence of vitality that I have met with, and Navarre was subsequently incorporated into the Inquisition of Aragon. †
In Aragon the institution gradually took shape. Berenger de Palau, Bishop of Barcelona, was busily engaged in organizing it ____________________
† Wadding, ann. 1238, No. 6. -- Doat, XXIV. 182. -- Pet. Rodulphii Hist. Seraph. Lib. ii. fol. 285b.--Berger, Registres d'Innoc. IV. No. 2257.--Monteiro, Hist. da Inquisição, P. I. Liv. ii. ch. 36. throughout his diocese at the time of his death in 1241, and the vicar, who replaced him while the see was vacant, completed it. In 1242 Pedro Arbalate, who had succeeded Guillen Mongriu as archbishop, with the assistance of Raymond of Pennaforte, held the Council of Tarracrona to settle the details of procedure. Under the guidance of so eminent a canonist, the code drawn up by the council showed a thorough knowledge of the principles guiding the Church in its dealings with heretics, and long continued to be referred to as an authority not only in Spain, but in France. At the same time its careful definitions, which render it especially interesting to us, indicate that it was prepared for the instruction of a Church which as yet practically knew nothing of the principles of persecution firmly established elsewhere. It was probably under the impulse derived from these movements that active persecution was resumed at Castelbo, which does not seem to have been purified by the raid of 1237. This time the heretics were not as patient as before, and resorted to poison, with which they succeeded in talking off Fray Ponce do Blanes, or de Espira, the inquisitor, who had made himself peculiarly obnoxious by his vigorous pursuit of heresy for several years. This aroused all the martial instincts of the retired archbishop, Guillen Mongriu, who assembled some troops, besieged and took the castle, burned many of the heretics, and imprisoned the rest for life. An organized effort was made to extend the Inquisition throughout the kingdom, and the parish priests were individually summoned to lend it all the aid in their power. Urgel seems to have been the headquarters of the sectaries, for subsequently we hear of their sharp persecution there by the Dominican inquisitor, Bernardo Travesser, and of his martyrdom by them. As usual, both lie and Ponce de Blanes shone forth in miracles, and have remained an object of worship in the Church of Urgel, though in 1262 the latter was translated to Montpellier, where he lies magnificently entombed. *
Still, the progress of organization seems to have been exceedingly slow. In 1244 a case decided by Innocent IV. shows a complete absence of any effective system. The Bishop of Elne and a
Dominican friar, acting as inquisitors, had condemned Ramon de Malleolis and Helena his wife as heretics. By some means they succeeded in appealing to Gregory IX., who referred the matter to the Archdeacon of Besalu and the Sacristan of Girona. These acquitted the culprits and restored them to their possessions; but the case was carried back to Rome, and Innocent finally confirmed the first sentence of conviction. Again, in 1248, a letter from Innocent IV. to the Bishop of Lerida, instructing him as to the treatment in his diocese of heretics who voluntarily return to the Church, presupposes the absence of inquisitors and absolute ignorance as to the fundamental principles in force. The power conferred the same year on the Dominican Provincial of Spain to appoint inquisitors seems to have remained unused. The efforts of Archbishop Mongriu and Raymond of Pennaforte had spent themselves apparently without permanent results. King Jayme grew dissatisfied, and, in 1254, urgently demanded a fresh effort of Innocent IV. This time the pope concluded, at Jayme's suggestion, to place the matter entirely in Dominican hands; but so little bad been done in the way of general organization that he confided the choice of inquisitors to the priors of Barcelona, Lerida, Perpignan, and Elne, each one to act within his own diocese, unless, indeed, there are inquisitors already in function under papal commissions--a clause which shows the confusion existing at the time. Innocent further felt it necessary to report this action to the Archbishops of Tarragona and Narbonne, and to call upon them to assist the new appointees. This device does not seem to have worked satisfactorily. At that time the whole peninsula constituted but one Dominican province, and, in 1262, Urban IV. again adopted definitely the plan, in general use elsewhere, of empowering the provincial to appoint the inquisitors--now limited to two. A few days before he had sent to those of Aragon a bull defining their powers and procedure, and a copy of this was enclosed to the provincial for his guidance. This long, remained the basis of organization; but after the division of the province into two, by the General Chapter of Cologne in 1301, the Aragonese chafed under their subordination to the Provincial of Spain, whose territories consisted only of Castile, Leon, and Portugal. The struggle was protracted, but the Inquisition of Aragon at last achieved independence in 1351, when Fray Nicholas Roselli, the Provincial of Aragon, obtained from Clement VI. the power of appointing, and removing the inquisitors of the kingdom. *
Meanwhile the inquisitors had not been inactive. Fray Pedro de Cadreyta rendered himself especially conspicuous, and as usual Urgel is the prominent scene of activity. In conjunction with his colleague, Fray Pedro de Tonenes, and Arnaldo, Bishop of Barcelona, lie rendered final judgment, January 11, 1257, against the memory of Ramon, Count of Urgel, as a relapsed heretic who had abjured before the Bishop of Urgel, and whose bones were to be exhumed; but, with unusual lenity, the widow, Timborosa, and the son, Guillen, were admitted to reconciliation and not deprived of their estates. Twelve years later, in 1269, we find Cadreyta, together with another colleague, Fray Guillen de Colonico, and Abril, Bishop of Urgel, condemning the memory of Arnaldo, Vizconde of Castelbo, and of his daughter Ermessende, whom we know as the heretic wife of Rooer Bernard the Great of Foix. They had both been dead more than thirty years, and her grandson, Roger Bernard III. of Foix, who had inherited the Vizcondado of Castelbo, was duly cited to defend his ancestors; but if he made the attempt, it was vain, and their bones were ordered to be exhumed. It is not likely that these sturdy champions of the faith confined their attention to the dead, though the only execution we happen to hear of at this period is that of Lerencruer de Amoros, burned in 1263. That the living, indeed, were objects of fierce persecution is rendered more than probable by the martyrdom of Cadreyta, who was stoned to death by the exasperated populace of Urgel, and who thus furnished another saint for local cult. †
During the remainder of the century we hear little more of the Inquisition of Aragon, but the action of the Council of Tarragona, in 1291, would seem to show that it was neither active nor much respected. Otherwise the council would scarce have felt called upon to order the punishment of heretics who deny a future existence, and, further, that all detractors of the Catholic faith ought
to be punished as they deserve, to teach them reverence and fear. Still more significant is the injunction on parish priests to receive kindly and aid efficiently the beloved Dominican inquisitors, who are laboring for the extirpation of heresy. * With the opening of the fourteenth century there would appear to be an increase of vigor. In 1302 Fray Bernardo celebrated several autos in which a number of heretics were abandoned to the secular arm. In 1304 Fray Domingo Peregrino had an auto in which we are told that those who were not burned were banished, with the assent of King Jayme II.-one of the rare instances of this punishment in the annals of the Inquisition. In 1314 Fray Bernardo Puigcercos was so fortunate as to discover a number of heretics, of whom he burned some and exiled others. To Juan de Longerio, in 1317, belongs the doubtful honor of condemning the works of Arnaldo de Vilalova. The names of Arnaldo Burguete, Guillen de Costa, and Leonardo de Puycerda have also reached us, as successful inquisitors, but their recorded labors were principally directed against the Spiritual Franciscans, and will be more particularly noted hereafter. The Aragonese seem not to have relished the methods of the Inquisition, for in 1325 the Cortes with the assent of Kino, Jayme II., prohibited for the future the use of the inquisitorial process and of torture, as violations of the Fueros. Whether or not this was intended to apply to the ecclesiastical as well as to the secular courts it is impossible now to tell, but, if it were, it had no permanent result, as we learn from the detailed instructions of Eymerich fifty years later. About the middle of the century, the merits of the Inquisitor Nicholas Roselli earned him the cardinalate. It is true that when the energetic action of the Inquisitor Jean Duinoulin, in 1344, drove the Waldenses from Toulouse to seek refuge beyond the Pyrenees, Clement VI. wrote earnestly to the kings and prelates of Araoon and Navarre to aid the Inquisition in destroying the fugitives, but there is no trace of any corresponding result. † To Roselli, however, belongs the credit of raising a question
which inflamed to a white heat the traditional antagonism of the two great Mendicant Orders. It is worth brief attention as an illustration of the nicety to which doctrinal theology had attained under the combined influence of scholastic subtlety in raisin questions, and inquisitorial enforcement of implicit obedience in the minutest articles of faith. In 1351 the Franciscan Guardian of Barcelona, in a public sermon, stated that the blood shed by Christ in the Passion lost its divinity, was sundered from the Logos, and remained on earth. The question was a novel one and a trifle difficult of demonstration, but its raising gave Roselli a chance to inflict a blow on the hated Franciscans, and he referred it to Rome. The answer met his most ardent anticipations. The Cardinal of Sabina, by order of Clement VI., wrote that the pope had heard the proposition with horror; he had convened an assembly of theologians in which he himself argued against it, when it was condemned, and the inquisitors everywhere were ordered to proceed against all audacious enough to uphold it. Roselli's triumph was complete, and the unfortunate guardian iv, as obliged to retract his speculations in the pulpit where he had promulgated them. The Franciscans were restless under this rebuff, which they construed as directed against their Order. In spite of the papal decision the question remained an open one in the schools, where it was eagerly debated on both sides. The Franciscans argued, with provoking reasonableness, that the blood of Christ might well be believed to remain on earth, seeing that the foreskin severed in the Circumcision was preserved in the Lateran Church and reverenced as a relic under the very eyes of pope and cardinal, and that portions of the blood and water which flowed in the Crucifixion were exhibited to the faithful at Mantua, Bruges, and elsewhere. After the lapse of a century, the Franciscan, Jean Bretonelle, professor of theology in the University of Paris, in 1448 brought the matter before the faculty, stating that it was causing discussion at Rochelle and other places. A commission of theologians was appointed, which, after due debate, rendered a solemn decision that it was not repugnant to the faith to believe that the blood shed at the Passion remained on earth. Thus encouraged, the Franciscans grew bolder.
The Observantine Franciscan, Giacomo da Montebrandano, better known as della Marca, was one of the most prominent ecclesiastics of the fifteenth century. His matchless eloquence, his rigid austerity, his superhuman vigor, and his unquenchable zeal for the extermination of heresy well earned the beatification conferred on him after death; and since 1417 he had been known as a hammer of heretics. He held a commission as universal inquisitor which clothed him with power throughout Christendom, and the heretics in every corner of Italy, in Bohemia, Hungary, Bosnia, and Dalmatia, had learned with cause to tremble at his name. It required no little nerve to assail such a man, and yet when, April 18, 1462, at Brescia, he publicly preached the forbidden doctrine, the Dominican Inquisitor, Giacomo da Brescia, lost no time in calling him to account. First a courteous note expressed disbelief in the report of the sermon and asked a disclaimer; but on the Observantine adhering to the doctrine, a formal summons followed, citing him to appear for trial on the next day. The two Orders had thus fairly locked horns. The Bishop of Brescia interfered and obtained a withdrawal of the summons, but the question had to be fought out before the pope. The bitterness of feeling may be judged by the complaint of the inquisitor that his opponent had so excited the people of Brescia against him and the Dominicans that but for prompt measures many of them would have been slain; while, from Milan to Verona, every Dominican pulpit resounded with denunciations of Giacomo della Marca as a heretic. The politic Pius II. feared to quarrel with either Order, and had a tortuous path to tread. To the Dominicans he furnished an authenticated copy of the decision of Clement VI. To Giacomo della Marca he wrote that this had been done because he could not refuse it, and not to give it authority. It had not been issued by Clement, but only in his name, and the question was still an open one. Giacomo might rest in peace in the conviction that the pope had full confidence in his zeal and orthodoxy, and that his calumniators should be silenced. On May 31 he issued commands that all discussions of the question should cease, and that both sides should send their most learned brethren to an assembly which he would hold in September for exhaustive debate and final decision. This he hoped would put an end to the matter, while skilful postponement of the conference would allow it to die out; but he miscalculated the enmity of the rival Orders. The quarrel raced more fiercely than ever. The Franciscans declared that the inquisitor who started it would be deprived of his office and mastership in theology. Pius thereupon soothed him by assuring him that he had only done his duty, and that he had nothing to fear.
The conference had become an inevitable evil, and Pius found himself obliged to allow it to meet in December, 1463. Each side selected three champions, and for three days, in the presence of the pope and sacred college, they argued the point with such ardent vehemence that, in spite of the bitter winter weather, they were bathed in sweat. Then others took part and the question was debated pro and con. The Franciscans put in evidence the blood of Christ exhibited for the veneration of the faithful in many shrines, and to the foreskin which was in the Lateran and also in the royal chapel of France. They also appealed to the cuttings of Christ's hair and beard, the parings of his nails, and all his excretions--did these remain on earth or were they divine and carried to heaven? To these arguments the Dominican reply is a curious exhibition of special pleading and sophistry; but as no one could allege a single text of Scripture bearing upon the question, neither side could claim the victory. The good Bishop of Brescia, who had at first played the part of peacemaker, consistently presented a written argument in which lie proved that the pope ought not to settle the question because such a determination would firstly, be doubtful; secondly, superfluous; and, thirdly, perilous. This wise utterance was probably inspired, for Pius re served his decision, and, August 1, 1464, only eight days before his death, issued a bull in which he recited how the faithful had been scandalized by the quarrel between the two Orders, and, therefore, he forbade further discussion on the subject until the Holy See should finally decide it. The Dominicans were emphatically prohibited from denouncing the Franciscans as heretics on account of it, and any infraction of his commands was punishable by ipso facto excommunication supplemented with harsh imprisonment. He tells us himself that after the public discussion the cardinals debated the matter for several days. The majority inclined to the Dominicans and he agreed with them, but the preaching of the Franciscans was necessary for the crusade against the Turks which he proposed to lead in person, and it was impolitic to offend them, so he postponed the decision. Mutterings of discussion, without open quarrel, have since then occasionally occurred between the Orders, but the popes have never seen fit to issue a definite decision on the subject, and the momentous question started by Roselli remains still unsettled--a pitfall for unwary feet. *
In 1356 Roselli was created Cardinal of S. Sisto, and was succeeded after a short interval by Nicolas Eymerich, the most noteworthy man of whom the Aragonese Inquisition can boast, although after more than thirty years of service he ended his days in disgrace and exile. Trained in varied learning, and incessant in industry, of his numerous works but one has had the honors of print--his "Directorium Inquisitorum," in which, for the first time, he systematized the procedure of his beloved institution, giving the principles and details which should guide the inquisitor in his acts. The book remained an authority to the last, and formed the basis of almost all subsequent compilations. Eymerich's conception of the model inquisitor was lofty. He must be fully acquainted with all the intricacies of doctrine, and with all the aberrations of heresy--not only those which are current among the common people, but the recondite speculations of the schools, Averrhoism and Aristotelian errors, and the beliefs of Saracen and Tartar. At a time when the Inquisition was declining and falling into contempt, he boldly insisted on its most extreme prerogatives as an imprescriptible privilege. If he assumed that the heretic had but one right--that of choosing between submission and the stake--he was in this but the conscientious exponent of his age, and his writings are instinct with the conviction that the work of the inquisitor is the salvation of souls. From Eymerich's lament over the difficulty of providing for the expenses of an institution so necessary to the Church, it is evident that the kings of Aragon bad not felt it their duty to support the Holy Office, while the bishops, he tells us, were as firm as their brethren in other lands in evading the responsibility
which by right was incumbent on them. The confiscations, he adds, amounted to little or nothing, for heretics were poor folk-Waldenses, Fraticelli, and the like. In fact, so far as we can gather, the sum of Eymerich's activity during his long, career is so small that it shows how little was left of heresy by this time. Occasional Fraticelli and Waldenses and renegade Jews or Saracells were all that rewarded the inquisitor, with every now and then some harmless lunatic whose extravagance unfortunately took a religious turn, or some over-subtle speculator on the intricacies of dogmatic theology. Thus, early in his career, about 1360, Eymerich had the satisfaction of burning as a relapsed heretic a certain Nicholas of Calabria, who persisted in asserting that his teacher, Martin Gonsalvo of Cuenca, was the Son of God, who would live forever, would convert the world, and at the Day of Judgment would pray for all the dead and liberate them from hell. In 1371 he had the further gratification of silencing, by a decision of Gregory XI., a Franciscan, Pedro Bonageta. The exact relation between the physical matter of the consecrated host and the body of Christ under certain circumstances had long been a source of disputation in the Church, and Fray Pedro taught that if it fell into the mud or other unclean place, or if it were gnawed by a mouse, the body of Christ flew to heaven and the wafer became simple bread; and so also when it was ground under the teeth of the recipient, before he swallowed it. Gregory did not venture to pronounce this heretical, but he forbade its public enunciation. About the same time Eymerich had a good deal of trouble with Fray Ramon de Tarraga, a Jew turned Dominican, whose numerous philosophical writings savored of heresy. After he had been kept in prison for a couple of years, Gregory ordered him to have a speedy trial, and threatened Eymerich with punishment for contumacy if his commands were disobeyed. Ramon must have bad powerful friends in the Order whom Eymerich feared to provoke, for six months later Gregory wrote again, saying that if Ramon could not be punished according to the law in Aragon, he must be sent to the papal court under good guard with all the papers of the process duly sealed. In fact, the Inquisition was not established for the trial of Dominicans. At the same time another Jew, Astruchio de Piera, held by Eymerich on an accusation of sorcery and the invocation of demons, was claimed as justiciable by the civil power, and was sequestrated until Gregory ordered his delivery to the inquisitor, who forced him to abjure and imprisoned him for life. Somewhat earlier was a certain Bartolo Janevisio, of Majorca, who indulged in some apocalyptic writing about Antichrist, and was forced, in 1361, by Eymerich to recant, while his book was publicly burned. Afore practical, from a political point of view, was Eymerich's doctrine that all who lent assistance to the Saracens were punishable by the Inquisition as fautors of heresy, but this seems to have remained a theoretical assertion which brought no business to the Holy Office. We shall see hereafter how he fared in seeking the condemnation of Raymond Lulli's writings, and need only say here that the result was his suspension from office, to be succeeded by his capital enemy Bernardo Ermengaudi, in 1386, and that after the succession to the throne, in 1387, of Juan I., who was bitterly hostile to him, he was twice proscribed and exiled, and was denounced by the king as an obstinate fool, an enemy of the faith inspired by Satan, anointed with the poison of infidelity, together with other unflattering qualifications. He did not succeed better when in his rash zeal he assailed the holy San Vicente Ferrer for saying in a sermon that Judas Iscariot had a true and salutary repentance; that, being unable to reach Christ and obtain forgiveness owing to the crowd, he hanged himself and was pardoned in heaven. When the case was drawing to a conclusion, Pedro de Luna, then Cardinal of Aragon, took Vicente under his protection and made him his confessor, and, after his election in 1394 as Avignonese pope, under the name of Benedict XIII., he forced Eymerich to surrender the papers, which he unceremoniously burned. The next inquisitor, Bernardo Puig, is said to have been earnest and successful, punishing many heretics and confuting many heresies. In Valencia, about 1390, there was a case in which Pedro de Ceplanes, priest of Cella, read in his church a formal declaration that there were three natures in Christ--divine, spiritual, and human. A merchant of the town loudly contradicted it, and a tumult arose. The inquisitor of Valencia promptly arrested the too ingenious theologian, who only escaped the stake by public recantation and condemnation to perpetual imprisonment; but he broke jail and fled to the Balearic Isles, interjecting an appeal to the Holy See. *
The creation, in 1262, of the kingdom of Majorca, comprising the Balearic Isles, Rosellon, and Cerdaña, by Jayme I. of Aragon, for the benefit of his younger son Jayme, seemed to render a separate inquisition requisite for the new realm. At what time it was established is uncertain, the earliest inquisitor of Majorca on record being Fr. Ramon Durfort, whose name occurs as a witness on a charter of 1332, and he continued to occupy the position until 1343, when he was elected Provincial of Toulouse. From that time, at least, there is a succession of inquisitors, and the forcible reunion in 1348, by Pedro IV., of the outlying provinces to the crown of Aragon did not effect a consolidation of the tribunals. As the Inquisition declined in dignity and importance, indeed, it seems to have sought a remedy in multiplying and localizing its offices. In 1413 Benedict XIII. (who was still recognized as pope in Aragon) made a further division by separating the counties of Rosellon and Cerdaña from the Balearic Isles, Fray Bernardo Pages retaining the former, and Guillen Sagarra obtaining the latter. Both of these were energetic men who celebrated a number of autos de fé, in which numerous heretics were reconciled or burned. Sagarra was succeeded by Bernardo Moyl, and the latter by Antonio Murta, who was confirmed in 1420, when Martin V. approved of the changes made. At the same time Martin, at the request of the king and of the consuls of Valencia, erected that province also into a separate Inquisition. The Provincial of Aragon appointed Fray Andrea Ros to fill the position; he was confirmed in 1433 by Eugenius IV., but was removed without cause assigned the next year by the same pope, although we are told that he inflexibly persecuted the "Bohemians" or "Wickliffites" with fire and sword. His successors, Domingo Corts and Antonio de Cremona, earned equal laurels in suppressing Waldenses. * A case occurring in 1423 would seem to indicate that the Inquisition had lost much of the terror which had rendered it for-
midable. Fray Pedro Salazo, Inquisitor of Rosellon and Cerdaña, threw in prison on charges of heresy a hermit named Pedro Freserii, who enjoyed great reputation for sanctity among, the people. The accused declared that the witnesses were personal enemies, and that he was ready to purge himself before a proper judge, and his friends lodged an appeal with Martin V. The pope referred the matter, with power to decide without appeal, to Bernardo, Abbot of the Benedictine Monastery of Arles, in the diocese of Elne. Bernardo deputed the case to a canon of the church of Elne, who acquitted the accused without awaiting the result of another appeal to the pope interjected by the inquisitor; and Martin finally sent the matter to the Ordinary of Narbonne, with power to summon all parties before him and decide the case definitely. The whole transaction shows a singular want of respect for the functions of the Inquisition. *
Even more significant is a complaint made in 1456 to Calixtus III. by Fray Mateo de Rapica, a later inquisitor of Rosellon and Cerdaña. Certain neophytes, or converted Jews, persisted in Judaic practices, such as eating meat in Lent and forcing their Christian servants to do likewise. When Fray Mateo and Juan, Bishop of Elne, prosecuted them, they were so far from submitting that they published a defamatory libel upon the inquisitor, and, with the aid of certain laymen, afflicted him with injuries and expenses. Finding himself powerless, be appealed to the pope, who ordered the Archbishop and Official of Narbonne to intervene and decide the matter. The same spirit, in even a more aggravated form, was exhibited in a case already referred to, when, in 1458, Fray Miguel, the Inquisitor of Aragon, was maltreated and thrown in prison for nine months by some nobles and high officials of the kingdom, whom he had offended in obeying the instructions sent to him by Nicholas V. †
Yet, as against the poor and friendless, the Inquisition retained its power. Wickliffitism--as it had become the fashion to designate Waldensianism--had continued to spread, and about 1440 numbers of its sectaries were discovered, of whom some were reconciled, and more were burned as obstinate heretics by Miguel Ferriz,
Inquisitor of Aragon, and Martin Trilles of Valencia. Possibly among these was an unfortunate woman, Leonor, wife of Doctor Jayme de Liminanna, of whom, about this time, we hear that she refused to perform the penance assigned to her by the Inquisition of Cartagena, and that she was consequently abandoned to the secular arm. The post of inquisitor continued to be sought for. To multiply it, Catalonia was separated from Aragon by Nicholas V. shortly after his accession in 1447. In 1459 another division took place, the diocese of Barcelona being erected into an independent tribunal by Martiale Auribelli, Dominican General Master, for the benefit of Fray Juan Conde, counsellor and confessor of the infant Carlos, Prince of Viane. The new incumbent, however, had not a peaceful time. It was probably the Inquisitor of Catalonia, objecting to the fractioning of his district, who obtained from Pius II., in 1461, a brief annulling the division, on the ground that one inquisitor had always sufficed. Fray Juan resisted and incurred excommunication, but the influence of his royal patron was sufficient to obtain from Pius, October 13, 1461, another bull restoring him to his position and absolving him from the excommunication. In 1479 a squabble occurring at Valencia shows that the office possessed attractions worth contending for. The Provincial of Aragon had removed Fray Jayme Borell and appointed Juan Marquez in his stead. Borell carried the tale of his woes to Sixtus IV., who commanded the General Master to replace him and retain him in peaceful possession. *
Ferdinand the Catholic succeeded to the throne of Aragon in 1479, as he had already done, in 1474, to that of Castile by right of his wife Isabella. Even before the organizing of the new Inquisition in Aragon, in 1483, it is probable that the influence of Ferdinand had done much to restore the power of the institution. In 1482, on the eve of the change, we find the Inquisition of Aragon acting with renewed vigor and boldness, under the Dominican, Juan de Epila. A number of cases are recorded of this period, including the prosecution of the father and mother of Felipe de Clemente, Prothonotary of the kingdom. As a preparatory step to placing the dominions of the crown of Aragon under Tor-
quemada as Inquisitor-general, it was requisite to get rid of Cristobal Gualvez, who had been Inquisitor of Valencia since 1452, and who had disgraced his office by his crimes. Sixtus IV. had a special enmity to him, and, in ordering his deposition, stigmatized him as an impudent and impious man, whose unexampled excesses were worthy of severe chastisement; and when Sixtus, in 1483, extended Torquemada's authority over the whole of Spain, with power to nominate deputies, he excepted "that son of iniquity, Cristobal Gualvez," who had been interdicted from the office in consequence of his demerits, and whom he even deprived of the function of preaching. *
The great kingdom of Castile and Leon, embracing the major portion of the Spanish peninsula, never enjoyed the blessing of the mediæval Inquisition. It was more independent of Rome than any other monarchy of the period. Lordly prelates, turbulent nobles, and cities jealous of their liberties allowed scant opportunity for the centralization of power in the crown. The people were rude and uncultured, and not much given to vain theological speculation. Their superfluous energy, moreover, found ample occupation in the task of winning back the land from the Saracen. The large population of Jews and of conquered Moors gave them peculiar problems to deal with which would have been complicated rather than solved by the methods of the Inquisition, until the union of Aragon and Castile under Ferdinand and Isabella, followed by the conquest of Granada, enabled those monarchs to undertake seriously the business, attractive both to statecraft and to fanaticism, of compelling uniformity of faith. It is true that the Dominican legend relates how Dominic returned from Rome to Spain as Inquisitor-general, on the errand of establishing there the Inquisition for the purpose of punishing the renegade converted Jews and Moors; how he was warmly seconded by San Fernando III.; how he organized the Inquisition throughout the land, celebrating himself the first auto de fé at
* Llorente, Ch. VIII. Art. ii. No. 2.-- Herculano, Da Origem, etc., da Inquisição em Portugal, I. 44.-- Ripoll III. 422.-- Paramo, p. 187. Burgos, where three hundred apostates were burned, and the second auto in the presence of the saintly king, who himself carried on his shoulders fagots for the burning of his subjects, and the pertinacious wretches defiantly rejoiced in the flames which were consuming them; how, after this, he established the Inquisition in Aragon, whence he journeyed to Paris and organized it throughout France; how, in 1220, he sent Conrad of Marburg as inquisitor to Germany, and in 1221 finished his labors by founding it in all the parts of Italy. All this can rank in historical value with the veracious statement of an old chronicler--a compatriot of the Pied Piper of Hamelin--that St. Boniface was an inquisitor, and that, with the support of Pepin le Bref, he burned many heretics. Detailed lists, moreover, are given of the successive inquisitorsgeneral of the Peninsula--Frailes Suero Gomes, B. Gil, Pedro de Huesca, Arnaldo Segarra, Garcia de Valcos, etc., but these are simply the Dominican provincials of Spain, who were empowered by the popes to appoint inquisitors, and whose exercise of that power did not extend beyond Aragon. Even Paramo, although he tries to prove that there were inquisitors nominally in Castile, is forced to admit that practically there was no Inquisition there. *
Yet, even in the distant city of Leon, Catharism had obtained a foothold. Bishop Rodrigo, who died in 1232, expelled a number of Cathari, on his attention being, called to them by their circulating a story to excite hatred of the priesthood, relating how a poor woman placed a candle on the altar in honor of the Virgin, and on her leaving it a priest took it for his own use. The following night the Virgin appeared to her votary and cast burning wax into her eyes, saying, "Take the wages of your service. As soon as you went away a priest carried off the candle; as you would have been rewarded had the candle been consumed on my altar, so you must bear the punishment, since your carelessness gave me the light only for a moment." This diabolical story, says Lucas of Tuy, an eye-witness, so affected the minds of the, simple that the devotion of offering candles ceased, and it required two genuine miracles to restore the faith of the people. During, the inter-
val between the death of Bishop Rodrigo, in March, 1232, and the election of his successor, Arnaldo, in August, 1234, the heretics had ample opportunity to work their wicked will. A Catharan named Arnaldo had been burned, about 1218, in a place in the suburbs used for depositing filth. There was a spring there which the heretics colored red, and proclaimed that it had miraculously been turned to blood. Many of them, simulating blindness, lameness, and demoniacal possession, were carried there and pretended to be cured, after which they dug up the heretic's bones and declared them to be those of a holy martyr. The people were fired with enthusiasm, erected a chapel, and worshipped the relies with the utmost ardor. In vain the clergy and the friars endeavored to stem the tide; the people denounced them as heretics, and despised the excommunication with which the neighboring, bishops visited the adoration of the new saint; while the real heretics made many converts by secretly relating how the affair had been managed, and pointing it out as a sample of the manufacture of saints and miracles. God visited the sacrilege with a drouth of ten months, which was not broken until Lucas, at the risk of his life, destroyed the heretic chapel; and when the rains came there was a revulsion of feeling which enabled him to expel the heretics. All this would seem to indicate that the heretics were numerous and organized; it certainly shows that there was no machinery for their suppression; but after the elevation of Lucas to the see of Tuy in 1239, we hear no more of heretics or of persecutions. The whole affair, apparently, was a sporadic manifestation, probably of some band of fugitives from Languedoc, who disappeared and left no following. *
If what Lucas tells us be true, that ecclesiastics frequently joined in and enjoyed the ridicule with which heretics derided the sacraments and the clergy, the Spanish Church was not likely to give much aid to the introduction of the Inquisition. How little its methods were understood appears in the fact that when, in 1236, San Fernando III. found some heretics at Palencia, he proceeded to brand them in the face, which brought them to reason and led them to seek absolution. No one seemed to know
* Lucæ Tudens. de altera Vita, Lib. III. c. 7, 9. Cf. c. 18, 20. -- Florez, España Sagrada, XXII. 120-22, 126-30. what to do with them, so Gregory IX. was applied to, and he authorized the Bishop of Palencia to reconcile them. There is probably no truth in the statement of some historians that the king, on several occasions, was obliged to levy from his subjects a tribute of wood with which to burn the unrepentant, and the story only serves to show how utterly vague have been the current conceptions of the period. *
We reach firmer ground with the codes known as El Fuero Real and Las Siete Partidas, the first issued by Alonso the Wise, in 1255, and the second about ten years later. By this time the Inquisition was at its height. It was thoroughly organized, and wherever it existed the business of suppressing heresy was exclusively in its hands. Yet not only does Alonso take no count of it, but in his regulation by secular law of the relations between the heretic and the Church he shows how completely, up to this period, Spain had remained outside of the great movements of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries. Heresy, it is true, is one of the matters pertaining, to the ecclesiastical tribunals, and any one can accuse a heretic before his bishop or vicar. If the accused is found not to believe as the Church teaches, effort is to be made to convert him, and if he returns to the faith he is to be pardoned. If he proves obstinate, he is to be handed over to the secular judge. Then, however, his fate is decided without reference to the laws which the Church had endeavored to introduce throughout Christendom. If the culprit had received the consolamentum, or is a believer observing the rites, or one of those who deny the future life, he is to be burned; but if a believer not observing the rites, he is to be banished or imprisoned until he returns to the faith. Any one learning heresy, but not yet a believer, is fined ten pounds of gold to the fisc, or, if unable to pay, to receive fifty lashes in public. In the case of those who die in heresy or are executed, their estates pass to Catholic descendants, or, in default of these, to the next of kin; if without such kindred, the property of laymen goes to the fisc, of ecclesiastics, to the Church, if claimed within a year, after which it inures to the fisc. Children disinherited for heresy recover their portions, but not the
mesne profits, on recantation. No one, after condemnation for heresy, can hold office, inherit property, make a will, execute a sale, or give testimony. The house where a wandering heretic missionary is sheltered is forfeited to the Church, if inhabited by the owner; if rented, the offending tenant is fined ten pounds of gold or publicly scourged. A rico home or noble sheltering heretics in his lands or castles, and persisting after a year's excommunication, forfeits the land or castle to the king; and if a non-noble his body and property are at the king's pleasure. The Christian who turns Jew or Moslem is legally a heretic, and is to be burned, as well as one who brings up a child in the forbidden faith. Prosecutions of the dead, however, are humanely limited to five years after decease. *
All this shows that Alonso and his counsellors recognized the duty of the State to preserve the purity of the faith, but that they considered it wholly an affair of the State, in which the Church had no voice beyond ascertaining the guilt of the accused. All the voluminous and minute legislation of Gregory IX., Innocent IV., and Alexander IV. was wholly disregarded--the canon law had no currency in Castile, which regulated such matters to suit its own needs. That in this respect the popular needs were met is shown by the Ordenamiento de Alcalà, issued in 1348, which is silent on the subject of heresy. Apparently no change was deemed necessary in the provisions of the Partidas, which were then for the first time confirmed by the popular assembly. Under such legislation it follows as a matter of course that the Dominican provincial had no inquisitors to appoint, except in Aragon, under the bull of Urban IV. in 1262. Castile continued unvexed by the Inquisition, and persecution for heresy was almost unknown. In 1316 Bernard Gui, of Toulouse, discovered in his district some of the dreaded sectaries known as Dolcinists or Pseudo-Apostoli, who fled to Spain to escape his energetic pursuit. May 1, 1316, he wrote to all the prelates and friars of Spain describing their characteristics and urging their apprehension and punishment. Had there been an Inquisition there he would have addressed himself to it. From remote Com-
postella he received an answer, written by Archbishop Rodrigo, March 6 1317, announcing that five persons answering to the description had been captured there and were held in chains, and asking for instructions as to the mode of trying them and the punishment to be inflicted in case they are found guilty, "for all this is heretofore unaccustomed in our parts." Evidently there was no Inquisition in Castile and Leon to which to apply, and even the provisions of the Partidas were unknown, though of all places in the kingdom Compostella must have been the one most familiar with the outer world and with heretics, from the stream of penitents continually sent thither as pilgrims. *
In 1401 Boniface IX. made a demonstration by appointing the provincial, Vicente de Lisboa, inquisitor over all Spain, directing that his expenses should be paid by the bishops, and that no superior of his Order could remove him. The only heresy specifically alluded to in the bull is the idolatrous worship of plants, trees, stones, and altars -- apparently superstitious relies of paganism which indicate the condition of religion and culture in the Peninsula. Boniface's action could hardly have been taken with any expectation of result, as Spain rendered obedience to Benedict XIII., the Antipope of Avignon, and it was probably only a move in the political game of the Great Schism. Whatever the motive, however, the effort was fruitless, for Fray Vicente was already dead in the odor of sanctity at the date of the bull. On learning this, Boniface returned to the charge, February 1, 1402, by empowering forever thereafter the Dominican Provincial of Spain to appoint and remove inquisitors, or to act as such himself, with all the privileges and powers accorded to the office by the canons. Inoperative as this remained, it at least had the advantage of supplying to the Spanish historians an unbroken line of inquisitorsgeneral to be catalogued. About the same time King Henry III. increased the penalties of heresy by decreeing confiscation to the royal treasury of all the possessions of those condemned for heresy by the ecclesiastical judges. †
This, perhaps, technically justifies Alonso Tostado, Bishop of Avila, who soon afterwards alludes to inquisitors in Spain investigating those defamed for heresy, and it explains the remarks of Sixtus IV. when, in January, 1482, he confirmed the two inquisitors appointed at Seville by Ferdinand and Isabella at the commencement of their reforms, and forbade their naming more, for the reason that the appointees of the Dominican provincial were sufficient. In spite of all this, the Spanish Inquisition was simply potential, not existent. When, in 1453, Alonso de Almarzo, Abbot of the great Benedictine foundation of Antealtares of Compostella, with his accomplices, was tried for selling throughout Spain and Portugal indulgences warranted to release the souls of the damned from hell, for counterfeiting the papal Agnus Dei, for forging and altering papal letters, and for persuading Jewish converts to apostatize, had there been an Inquisition it would promptly have taken cognizance of the culprits; but in place of this the case was referred to Nicolas V., who instructed the Bishop of Tarazona to proceed against them. A few years later Alonso de Espina, about 1460, sorrowfully admits the absence of all persecution of heresy. Bishops and inquisitors and preachers ought all to resist the heretics, but there is no one to do it. "No one investigates the errors of heretics. The ravening wolves, O Lord, have gained admittance to thy flock, for the shepherds are few. There are many hirelings, and because they are hirelings they care only for shearing, not for feeding the sheep!" and he draws a deplorable picture of the Spanish Church, distracted with heretics, Jews, and Saracens. Soon after this, in 1464, the Cortes assembled at Medina turned its attention to the subject and complained of the great number of "malos cristianos e sospechosos en la fe," but the national aversion to the papal Inquisition still manifested itself, and its introduction was not suggested. The archbishops and bishops were requested to set on foot a rigid investigation after heretics, and King Henry IV. was asked to lend them aid, so that every suspected place might be thoroughly searched, and offenders brought to light, imprisoned, and punished. It was represented to the king that this would be to his advantage, as the confiscations would inure to the royal treasury, and he graciously expressed his assent; but the effort was resultless. *
* Monteiro, P. I. Liv. ii. c. 30.-- Rodrigo, II. 11, 14-15.-- Paramo, p. 136.-- For the most part the orthodoxy of Spain had been vexed only with a few Fraticelli and Waldenses, not numerous enough to call for active repression. The main trouble lay in the multitudes of Jews and Moors who, under the law, were entitled to toleration, but whom popular fanaticism had forced to conversion in great numbers, and whose purity of faith was justly liable to suspicion. Hereafter I hope to have the opportunity of showing that from both the religious and the political standpoint of the age the measures taken by Ferdinand and Isabella were by no means without justification, however mistaken they were both in morals and in policy, and however unfortunate in their ultimate results. At present it suffices to point out this condition of affairs to explain the dissatisfaction which was widely prevalent and the demand for an efficient remedy. At the same time even Spain was not wholly unmoved by the spirit of unrest and inquiry which marked the second half of the fifteenth century, sapping, the foundations of tradition and rejecting the claims of sacerdotalism. About 1460 we learn from Alonso de Espina that many were beginning to deny the efficacy of oral. confession, and this point could not have been reached iv, without calling in question many other doctrines and observances which the Church taught to be necessary to salvation. At length these innovators grew so bold that Pedro de Osma, a professor in the great University of Salamanca, ventured to promulgate their obnoxious opinions in print. Oral confession, he asserted, was of human, not of divine precept, and was unnecessary for the forgiveness of sins; no papal indulgence could insure the living from the fires of purgatory; the papacy could err, and had no power to dispense with the statutes of the Church. Had there been any machinery of persecution at hand, short work would have been made with so bold a heretic, but the authorities were so much at a loss what to do with him that they applied to Sixtus IV., who sent a commission to Alonso Carrillo, Archbishop of Toledo, the dignitary next in rank to the king, to try him. In 1479 a council was assembled for the purpose at Alcalà, consisting, of fifty-two of the best theolodians in Spain, besides a number of canon law-
yers. Pedro was summoned to appear, and on his failing to do so his doctrine was condemned as heretical, and he was sentenced-not to the stake for contumacy, but to recant publicly in the pulpit. He submitted and did so, and we are told in the official report of the proceedings that all the faithful burst into tears at this signal manifestation of the conquering hand of God. Pedro died peacefully in the bosom of the Church during, the next year, 1480 and Sixtus IV., in confirming the action of the council, ordered the archbishop to prosecute as heretics any of his followers who would not imitate his obedience. *
Evidently some more efficient and less cumbrous method was requisite if the population of reunited Spain was to enjoy the blessing of uniformity in faith. It did not take long for the piety of Isabella and the policy of Ferdinand to discover appropriate means.
In Portugal, Affonso II., at the commencement of his reign in 1211, had manifested his zeal by inducing his Cortes to adopt severe laws for the repression of heresy; but when Sueiro Gomes, the first Dominican Provincial of Spain, endeavored to introduce in his kingdom inquisitors of the order, Affonso refused to admit them, and successfully insisted that heretics should be tried as heretofore by the ordinary episcopal courts. This rebuff sufficed for nearly a century and a half, and there must have been considerable freedom of thought, for, about 1325, Alvaro Pelayo gives a long list of the errors publicly defended in the schools of Lisbon by Thomas Scotus, a renegade friar. Their nature may be appreciated from his Averrhoistic assertion that there had been three deceivers--Moses who deceived the Jews, Christ the Christians, and Mahomet the Saracens. He seems to have enjoyed immunity until he declared that St. Antony of Padua kept concubines, when the Franciscan prior had him incarcerated, and his trial followed. At last by a bull dated January 17, 1376, Gregory XI. authorized Agapito Colonna, Bishop of Lisbon, to appoint, for this time only, a Franciscan inquisitor, as heresies were known to be spreading,
and there were no inquisitors in the kingdom. The nominee was to receive an annual salary of two hundred gold florins assessed upon all the dioceses in the proportion of their contributions to the apostolic chamber. Under this authority Agapito appointed the first Portuguese inquisitor, Martino Vasquez. From what we have seen elsewhere we may reasonably doubt his success in collecting his stipend; but, small as his receipts may have been, they were the equivalent of his service, for no trace of any labors performed by him remains. *
The Great Schism commenced in 1378, and as Portugal acknowledged Urban VI. while Spain adhered to the antipope Clement VII., the Dominican province of Spain divided itself, the Portuguese choosing, a vicar-general, and finally a provincial, Gonçalo, in 1418, when Martin V. legalized the separation. This perhaps explains why Martino Vasquez was succeeded by another Franciscan. In 1394 Rodrigo de Cintra, calling himself Inquisitor of Portugal and Algarve, applied to Boniface IX. for confirmation, which was graciously accorded to him. Apparently the revenues of the office were nil, for the privilege was granted to him of residing with one associate at will in any Franciscan convent, which was bound to minister to his necessities, the same as to any other master of theology. Rodrigo was preacher to King João I., who requested this favor of Boniface, and his career, like that of his predecessor, is a blank. He was followed by a Dominican, Vicente de Lisboa, who had been Provincial of Spain at the time of the disruption, when he returned to Portugal and became confessor of Dom Joao. The king, in 1399, requested of Doniface his appointment as inquisitor, which was duly granted; and, as we have seen, in 1401, the pope endeavored to extend his jurisdiction over Castile and Leon. No trace of his inquisitorial activity exists. After his death, in 1401, there appears to have been an interval. The office apparently was regarded as a perquisite of the royal chapel for those who would condescend to accept it. The next appointment of which we hear is that of another confessor of Dom João, in 1413, this time a Franciscan, Affonso de Alprão, of whose doings no record has been preserved. When,
in 1418, the kingdom was reorganized as an independent Dominican province, the earnest annalists of the Inquisition assume that under the bull of Boniface IX., in 1402, each successive provincial was likewise an inquisitor-general, and the lists of these worthies are laboriously paraded as such, until the founding of the New Inquisition in 1531. No acts of theirs in such capacity, however, are recorded. The Holy Office continued dormant, without even a titular official, until, in the early years of the sixteenth century, Dom Manoel, stimulated by the example of his Castilian neighbors, and feeling solicitude as to the status of the New Christians, or converts from Judaism and Islam, bethought him of its revival. Although be had the Dominican provincial at hand, no purpose of utilizing, him in this manner seems to have been entertained. The king applied to the pope and obtained the appointment of a Franciscan, Henrique de Coimbra, but there is no trace of his activity. *
The New Inquisition of Spain was a model which the smaller kingdom would naturally be expected to adopt, and in fact, to ardent Catholics, there might well seem to be a necessity for such an institution in view of the problems arising from the large influx of New Christians flying from Spanish persecution. Dom Manoel, indeed, at one time entertained so seriously the idea of establishing the Spanish Inquisition in his dominions that, in 1515, he ordered his ambassador at Rome, D. Miguel da Silva, to obtain from Leo X. the same privileges as those which had been conceded to Castile, but from some cause the project was abandoned. His son, Dom João III., who succeeded him in 1521, was a weakminded fanatic, and it is only singular that the introduction of the Inquisition on the Spanish model was delayed for still ten years. The struggle which took place over the measure belongs, however, to a period beyond our present limits. †
IN France we have seen the stubbornness of heresy in alliance with feudalism resisting the encroachments of monarchy. In Italy we meet with different and more complicated conditions, which gave additional stimulus to antagonism against the established Church, and rendered its suppression a work of much greater detail. Here heresy and politics are so inextricably intermingled that at times differentiation becomes virtually impossible, and the fate of heretics depends more on political vicissitudes than even on the zeal of men like St. Peter Martyr, or Rainerio Saccone.
For centuries the normal condition of Italy was not far removed from anarchy. Spasmodic attempts of the empire to make good its traditional claim to overlordship were met by the steady policy of the papacy to extend its temporal power over the Peninsula. During the century occupied by the reigns of the Hohenstaufens ( 1152-1254), when the empire seemed nearest to accomplishing its ends, the popes sought to erect a rampart by stimulating the attempts of the cities to establish their independence and form self-governing republics, and it thus created for itself a party in all of them. North of the Patrimony of St. Peter the soil of Italy thus became fractioned into petty states under institutions more or less democratic. For the most part they were torn with savage internal feuds between factions which, as Guelf or Ghibelline, hoisted the banner of pope or kaiser as an excuse for tearing each other to pieces. As a rule, they were involved in constant war with each other. Occasionally, indeed, some overmastering necessity might briny about a temporary union, as when the Lombard League, in 1177, broke the Barbarossa's power on the field of Legnano, but, in general, the chronicles of that dismal period are a confused mass of murderous strife inside and outside the gates of every town.
Heresy could scarce ask conditions more favorable for its spread. The Church, worldly to the core, was immersed in temporal cares and pleasures, and during the strife between Alexander III. and the four antipopes successively set up by Frederic I.--Victor, Pascal, Calixtus, and Innocent--the enforcement of orthodoxy was out of the question. After the triumph of the papacy, stringent decrees, as we have seen, were issued by Lucius III., and edicts were promulgated by Henry VI. in 1194, and by Otho IV. in 1210, but they were practically inefficient. When every town was divided against itself heresy could bargain for toleration by holding the balance of power, and was frequently able, by throwing its weight on one side or the other, to obtain a share in the government. The larger struggles of city against city and of pope against emperor afforded a still wider field for the exercise of this diplomatic ability, of which full advantage was taken. When the formulas of persecution became defined under Honorius III., Gregory IX., and Frederic II., and fautorship was made equivalent to heresy, the factions and the nobles who tolerated or protected heretics became involved in the common anathema, and whole communities were stigmatized as given over to false idols. Yet although Ghibelline and heretic were frequently held by the popes to be almost convertible terms, there was in reality no test capable of universal application. Traditional hostility to the empire rendered Milan an intensely Guelf community, and yet it was everywhere recognized as the greatest centre of heresy.
Though heresy was by no means so universal as the papal anathemas would indicate, yet heretics were quite numerous enough to possess political importance, and to have some justification for their hopes of eventually becoming dominant. Little concealment was deemed necessary. When Otho IV. was in Rome for his coronation in 1209, under the vigilant rule of Innocent III., the ecclesiastics who accompanied him were scandalized at finding schools where Manichæan doctrines were openly taught, apparently without interference. The earlier Dominican persecutors are represented as constantly holding public disputations with heretics in the most populous cities of Italy, and the miracles related of them were mostly occasioned by the taunts and challenges of heretics. Otho, at Ferrara, in 1210, was obliged to order the magistrates to put to the ban the Cathari who refused, at the instance of the bishop, to return to the Church, and also those who publicly supported them. *
Although Stephen of Bourbon relates that a converted heretic informed him that in Milan there were no less than seventeen heterodox sects which bitterly disputed with each other, yet they can, as in France, be reduced to two main classes-Cathari, or Patarins, and Waldenses. The Cathari, it will be remembered, made their appearance in the first half of the eleventh century, at Alonforte, in Lombardy, and they had continued to multiply since then. About the middle of the thirteenth century R ainerio Saccone gives us an enumeration of their churches. In Lombardy and the Marches there were about five hundred perfected Cathari of the Albanensian sect, more than fifteen hundred Coneorrezenses, and about two hundred Bajolenses. The Church of Vicenza reckoned about a hundred; there were as many in Florence and Spoleto, and in addition about one hundred and fifty refugees from France in Lombardy. As he estimates the total number, from Constantinople to the Pyrenees, at four thousand, with a countless congregation of believers, it will be seen that nearly two thirds of the whole number were concentrated in northern Italy, chiefly in Lombardy, and that they constituted a notable portion of the population.† Lombardy, in fact, was the centre whence Catharism was propagated throughout Europe. We have seen above how for more than half a century it served as a refuge to the persecuted saints of Languedoc, and as a source whence to draw missionaries and teachers. About 1240 a certain Yvo of Narbonne was falsely accused of heresy and fled to Italy, where he was received as a martyr, and had full opportunity of penetrating into the secrets of the sectaries. In a letter to Géraud, Archbishop of Bordeaux, he describes their thorough organization throughout Italy, with ramifications extending into all the neighboring lands. From all the cities of Lombardy and Tuscany their youth were sent to Paris to perfect themselves in logic and theology, so as to be able successfully to defend their errors. Catharan merchants
frequented fairs and obtained entrance into houses where they lost no opportunity of scattering the seed of false doctrine. Fun of zeal and courage, the Catharan believed his faith to be the religion of the future, and his ardor courted martyrdom in the effort to spread it everywhere. Milan was the headquarters whither every year delegates were sent from the churches throughout Christendom, bringing contributions for the support of the central organization, and receiving instructions as to the symbol, changed every twelvemonth, whereby the wandering Patarin could recognize the houses of his brethren and safely claim hospitality. It was in vain that, in 1212, Innocent III. warned the heretical city of the fate of Languedoc, and threatened to send a similar crusade for its extirpation. Fortunately for the Lombards he had no one to summon to their destruction, for Germany, however desirous of conquering Italy, was too distracted for such an enterprise, and the popes dreaded imperial domination quite as much as heresy. There was bitter irony in the reply of Frederic II., when, in 1236, he was subduing the rebellious Lombards, and he answered the clamor of Gregory IX., who called upon him to transfer his arms to Syria, by pointing out that the Milanese were much worse than Saracens, and their subjugation much more important. *
We have no means of obtaining an approximate estimate of the Waldenses, but in some districts they must have been almost as numerous as the Cathari. The remains of the Arnaldistæ and Umiliati had eagerly welcomed the missionaries of the Poor Men of Lyons, and had not only adopted their tenets, but had pushed them to a further development in antagonism to Rome. As early as 1206 we see Innocent III. alluding to Umiliati and Poor Men of Lyons as synonymous expressions, and endeavoring with little success to effect their expulsion from Faenza, where they were spreading and infecting the people. In Milan they had built a school where they publicly taught their doctrines; this was at length torn down by a zealous archbishop, and when, in 1209, Durán de Huesca sought to bring them back to the fold, a hundred or more of them consented to be reconciled if the building
were restored to them. Evidently they had little to dread from active persecution, and subsequent letters of Innocent show them to be still flourishing there. The Waldenses who were burned at Strassburg in 1212 admitted that their chief resided in Milan, and that they were in the habit of collecting money and remitting it to him. *
It was, however, in the valleys of the Cottian Alps, to which they spread from Dauphiné, that they settled themselves most firmly. In those inhospitable regions, till then almost uninhabited, their marvellous and self-denying industry occupied every spot where incessant labor could support life. There they rapidly increased and filled the valleys of Luserna, Angrogna, San Martino, and Perosa. In 1210 Giacomo di Carisio, Bishop of Turin, alarmed at the constant growth of this heresy in his diocese, applied to Otho IV. for aid in its suppression, but the emperor in reply merely ordered him to use severity in their punishment and expulsion. Authority for this he already had in abundance under the canons, but he lacked the physical force to render it effective, and the imperial rescript went for naught. This shows that the local suzerains took no measures to enforce persecution, and the heretics continued to increase. The immediate sovereign of the district most deeply infected was the Abbey of Ripaille, which found itself unable to control them, and made over its temporal rights to Tommaso I., Count of Savoy. He issued an edict, to which I have already referred, imposing a fine of ten sols for giving refuge to heretics, which proved altogether ineffective. Thus, in the absence of efficient repression, were established those Alpine communities whose tenacity of belief supplied through centuries an unfailing succession of humble martyrs, and who ennobled human nature by their marvellous example of constancy and endurance. †
Although the Lombard Waldenses admitted their descent from the Poor Men of Lyons, their more rapid development gave rise to differences, and in 1218 a conference was held at Bergamo between delegates of both parties. This did not succeed in removing the points of dissidence, and about 1230 the Lombards sent to the brethren in Germany a statement of the discussion and of their views. It is not our province to enter into these minute details of faith and Church government, but the affair is worth alluding to as illustrating the flourishing condition of the Church, the practical toleration which it enjoyed, and the active communication which existed between its organizations throughout Europe. *
The aggressiveness of the heretics, the favor shown them by the people, and the impossibility of any systematic suppression by the Church under existing political conditions are well exhibited in the troubles which commenced at Piacenza in 1204. There the heretics were strong enough to provoke a quarrel between the authorities and Bishop Grimerio, which resulted in either the withdrawal or the expulsion of the prelate, and all the clergy. The exiles transferred themselves to Cremona, but in 1205 that city likewise quarrelled with its pastors, and the wanderers were again driven forth, to find a refuge in Castell' Arquato. For three years and a half Piacenza remained without an orthodox priest, and deprived of all the observances and consolations of religion. So weak was the hold of the Church upon the people that this deprivation was acquiesced in with the utmost indifference. In October, 1206, Innocent III. sent three Apostolic Visitors to effect a reconciliation, with a threat of dividing the diocese and apportioning it among the neighboring sees, but the citizens cared nothing for this, and refused the terms demanded, which required them to compensate their bishop for the damage inflicted on him. After some six months wasted in fruitless negotiations the Visitors departed, and it was not till July, 1207, that another commission, offering more favorable conditions, succeeded in effecting a recon-
which the bishop desired to procure, but the question is merely of archæological interest, for in either case it was equally ineffective. * Rescript. Heres. Lombard. (Preger, Beiträge, München, 1875, pp. 56-63).-Reinerii Summa ( Martene Thesaur. V. 1775).
ciliation which enabled the clergy to return from exile. About the same period Innocent found himself obliged to use persuasion and argument in the endeavor to urge the people of Treviso to expel their heretics. So far from threatening them, he begged them to have faith that their bishop would reform the excesses of the clergy whose evil example had disturbed them. It is easy thus to understand the exulting confidence with which the heretics anticipated the eventual triumph of their creeds, and the despair which led Abbot Joachim of Flora, in expounding the Apocalypse, to see in them the locusts with the power of scorpions who issue from the bottomless pit at the sounding of the fifth trumpet (Rev. IX. 3, 4). These heretics are the Antichrist; they are to crow in power and their king is already chosen, that king of the locusts "whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon" (Rev. IX. 11). Resistance to them will be in vain; they are to unite with the Saracens, with whom, in 1195, he says they are already entering into negotiations. *
When Honorius III., in 1220, obtained from Frederic II. the ferocious coronation-edict heresy, be may well have imagined that the way was open for its immediate suppression. If so, he was not long in discovering his mistake. Whatever professions Frederic might make, or whatever rigor he might exercise in his Sicilian dominions, it was no part of his policy to estrange the Ghibelline leaders, or to strengthen the Guelfic factions in the turbulent little republics which he sought to reduce to subjection. His whole reign was an internecine conflict, open or concealed, with Rome, and he was too much of a free-thinker to have any scruples as to the sources whence he could draw strength for himself or annoyance for his enemy. In central and upper Italy, therefore, his laws were for the most part virtually a dead letter. Already, in 1221, Ezzelin da Romano, the most powerful Ghibelline in the March of Treviso, was complained of for the protection which he afforded to heretics, and his continuing to do so to the end shows that he found it to be good policy. When, in 1227,
Ingheramo da Macerata, the late podestà of Rimini, was persecuted by the citizens because he had delivered for burning as heretics some of their daughters and sisters, and because he bad wished to inscribe on their statute-books the constitutions of Frederic, it was not to the emperor that he applied for protection, but to Honorius III. *
Something more than imperial edicts was plainly necessary, and Honorius, in casting around for methods to check the spread of heresy, appointed, in 1224, the Bishops of Brescia and Modena as commissioners with special powers to exterminate the heretics of Lombardy--as inquisitors, in fact, this being one of the steps which gradually led to the establishment of the Inquisition, the usefulness of the Dominicans in this respect not having yet been divined. The Bishop of Modena, however, undertook a mission to convert the pagans of Prussia, and the Bishop of Rimini was substituted in his place. The prelates commenced with Brescia, itself, whose prelate doubtless knew where to strike. They ordered the tearing down of certain houses where heretical preachers had been accustomed to bold forth. At once an armed insurrection broke out. The perennial factions of the city took sides. Several churches were burned, and the heretics parodied from them the anathema by casting lighted torches from the windows, and solemnly excommunicating all members of the Church of Rome. It was not until after a severe and prolonged conflict that the Catholics obtained the upper hand, and then the terms prescribed by Honorius were so mild as to indicate that it was not deemed politic to drive the defeated party to despair. All excommunicates were required to apply personally for absolution to the Holy See. The fortified houses of the lords of Gambara, of Ugona, of the Oriani, of the sons of Botatio, who had been the leaders in the troubles, were ordered to be razed to the ground, never to be rebuilt, while other strongholds, which had been defended against the Catholics, were to be cut down one-third or one-half. Benificed clerks who were children of heretics or of fautors were to be suspended for three years or more as their individual participation in the troubles might indicate. A levy of three hundred and thirty lire was ordered on the clergy of Lombardy and the Trivigiana
to recompense the Catholics for the losses endured in contending with the heretics. So unaccustomed as yet were the Lombards to persecution that even these conditions were deemed too harsh. The city of Milan interceded, and finally even the authorities of Brescia itself urged that moderation would be conducive to peace; and, May 1, 1226, Honorius authorized the bishops to use their discretion in diminishing the penalties. When, however, the Dominican Guala was elected Bishop of Brescia in 1230, be speedily succeeded in introducing in the local statutes the law of Frederic, of March, 1224, which decreed for heretics the stake or loss of the tongue, and he forced the podestà to swear to its execution. *
Gregory IX. was a man of sterner temper than Honorius, and, despite his octogenary age, his advent to the pontificate, in 1227, was the signal for unrelenting war on heresy. Within three weeks of his accession peace was signed, under the auspices of the papacy, between Frederic II. and the Lombard League, with provisions for the suppression of heresy. Gregory immediately, in the most imperious fashion, summoned the Lombards to perform their duty. Hitherto, be told them, all their pretended efforts had been fraudulent. No enforcement of the imperial constitutions had been attempted. If the heretics had at any time been driven away, it was with a secret understanding that they would be allowed to return and dwell in peace. If fines had been inflicted, the money had been covertly refunded. If statutes had been enacted, there was always a reservation by which they were rendered ineffective. Thus heresy had grown and strengthened while the liberties of the Church had been subverted. Heretics had been permitted to preach their doctrines publicly, while ecclesiastics had been outlawed and imprisoned. All this must cease, the provisions of the treaty of peace must be enforced, and, if they continued in their evil courses, the Holy See would find means to coerce them in their perversity. †
These were brave words, though the political condition of Lombardy rendered them ineffective. Nearer home, however, Gregory had fairer opportunity of enforcing his will, and we have
* Epistt. Sæc. XIII. T. I. No. 264-66, 275, 295 (Mon. Hist. Germ.). -- Havet, Bibl. de l'École des Chartes, 1880, p. 602. † Epistt. Sæc. XIII. T. I. No. 355. already seen how promptly he recognized the utility of the Order of Dominic and laid the foundations of the Inquisition by his tentative action in Florence. While this was taking shape his zeal was stimulated by the discovery, in 1231, that in Rome itself heresy had become so bold that it ventured to assert itself openly, and that many priests and other ecclesiastics had been converted. Probably the first auto de fé on record was that held by the Senator Annibaldo at the portal of Santa Maria Maggiore, when these unfortunates were burned or condemned to perpetual prison, and Gregory took advantage of the occasion to issue the decretal which became the basis of inquisitorial procedure, and to procure the enactment of severe secular laws in the name of the senator. The details I have already given (Vol. I. p. 325), and they need not be repeated here; but Gregory did not content himself with what he thus accomplished in Rome. His aid just then was desirable to Frederic II. in his Lombard complications, and to Gregory's urgency may doubtless be attributed the severe legislation of the Sicilian Constitutions, issued about this time, and the Ravenna decrees of 1232. Shortly afterwards, indeed, we find Frederic writing to him that they are like father and son; that they should sharpen the spiritual and temporal swords respectively committed to them against heretics and rebels, without wasting effort on sophistry, for if time be spent in disputation nature will succumb to disease. It is not probable that Gregory counted much on the zeal of the emperor, but he sent the edict of Annibaldo to Milan, with instructions that it be adopted and enforced there. Already, in 1228, his legate, Goffredo, Cardinal of San Marco, had obtained of the Milanese the enactment of a law by which the houses of heretics were to be destroyed, and the secular authorities were required to put to death within ten days all who were condemned by the Church; but thus far no executions seem to have taken place under it. *
It was now that Gregory, seeing the futility of all efforts thus far save those which the Dominicans were making in Florence,
hit upon the final and successful experiment of confiding, to the Order the suppression of heresy as part of their regular duties. A fresh impulse was felt all along the line. The Church suddenly found that it could count upon an unexpected reserve of enthusiasm, boundless and exhaustless, despising danger and reckless of consequences, which in the end could hardly fail to triumph. A new class of men now appears upon the scene--San Piero Martire, Giovanni da Vicenza, Rolando da Cremona, Rainerio Saccone -- worthy to rank with their brethren in Languedoc, who devoted themselves to what they held to be their duty with at singleness of purpose which must command respect, however repulsive their labors may seem to us. On one hand these men had an easier task than their Western colleagues, for they had not to contend with the jealousy, or submit to the control, of the bishops. The independence of the Italian episcopate had been broken down in the eleventh century. Besides, the bishops naturally belonged to the Guelfic faction, and welcomed any allies who promised to aid them in crushing the antagonistic party in their turbulent cities. On the other hand, the political dissensions which raged everywhere with savage ferocity increased enormously the difficulties and dangers of the task.
In Italy, as in France, the organization of the Inquisition was gradual. It advanced step by step, the earlier proceedings, as we have seen both in Florence and Toulouse, being characterized by little regularity. As the tribunal by degrees assumed shape, a definite code of procedure was established which was virtually the same everywhere, except with regard to the power of confiscation, the application of the profits of persecution, and the acquittal of the innocent. To these attention has already been called, and they need not detain us further. The problems which the founders of the Inquisition had to meet in Italy, and the methods in which these were met, can best be illustrated by a rapid glance at what remains to us of the careers of some of the earnest men who undertook the apparently hopeless task.
The earliest name I have met with bearing the title of Inquisitor of Lombarcly is that of a Frà Alberico in 1232. The Cardinal Legate Goffredo, whom we have seen busy in Milan, undertook to quiet civil strife in Bergamo, with the consent of all factions, by appointing as podestà Pier Torriani of Milan; and at the same time he seized the opportunity to make a raid on heretics, a number of whom he cast into prison. No sooner was his back turned than the citizens ref used to receive his podestà, elected in his place a certain R. di Madello, and, what was worse, set at liberty the captive heretics. Thereupon the legate placed the city under interdict, which brought the people to their senses, and they agreed to stand to the mandate of the Church. Gregory accordingly, November 3, 1232, instructed Alberico, as Inquisitor of Lombardy, to reconcile the city on condition that the people refund to Pier Torriani all his expenses and give sufficient security to exterminate heresy. Here we see how intimate were the relations between politics and heresy, and what difficulties the alliance threw in the way of persecution. * Frà Rolando da Cremona we have already met as professor in the inchoate University of Toulouse, and we have seen how rigid and unbending was his zeal. Hardly had he quitted Languedoc when we find him, in 1233, already actively at work in the congenial duty of suppressing heresy at Piacenza. The twenty-five years which had elapsed since the Piacenzans had shown themselves so indifferent to their spiritual privileges had not greatly increased their respect for orthodoxy. Rolando assembled them, preached to them, and then ordered the podestà to expel the heretics. The result did not correspond to his expectations. With the connivance of the podestà, the heretics and their friends arose and made a general onslaught on the clergy, including the bishop and the friars, in which a monk of San Sabino was slain and Rolando and some of his comrades were wounded. The Dominicans carried Rolando half-dead from the city, which was placed under interdict by the bishop. Then a revulsion of feeling, occurred Rolando was asked to return, and full satisfaction was promised. He prudently kept away, but ordered the imprisonment of the podestà and twenty-four others till the pleasure of the pope should be known. Gregory tool advantage of the opportunity by sending thither the Archdeacon of Novara, with instructions to place the city under control of the orthodox party, taking ample security that the heretics should be suppressed; but this arrangement did not please the citizens, who rose again and liberated the
prisoners. Sharp as was this experience, it did not dull the edge of Rolando's zeal, for the next year we find him at work in the Milanese, where he received rough treatment at the hands of Lantelmo, a noble who sheltered heretics in his castle near Lodi. For this Lantelmo was condemned to be led through the streets, stripped and with a halter around his neck, to Rolando's presence, and there to accept such penance as the friar, at command of the pope, might enjoin on him. A month later we hear of his seizing, two Florentine merchants, Feriabente and Capso, with all their goods. They evidently were persons of importance, for Gregory ordered their release in view of having, received bail for them in the enormous sum of two thousand silver marks. * During, this transition period, while the Inquisition was slowly taking, shape, one of the most notable of the Dominicans engaged in the work of persecution was Giovanni Schio da Vicenza. I have alluded in a previous chapter to his marvellous career as a pacificator, and it may perhaps not be unjust to assume that his motive in employing, his unequalled eloquence in harmonizing discordant factions was not only the Christian desire for peace, but also to remove the obstruction to persecution caused by perpetual strife, for in almost all these movements we may trace the connection between heresy and politics. After his wonderful success at Bologna, Gregory urged him to undertake a similar mission to Florence, where constant civic war was accompanied by recrudescence of heresy. In spite of the efforts of the embryonic Inquisition there, heresy was undisguised and the ministers of Christ were openly opposed and ridiculed. Gregory assumed that Giovanni acted under the direct inspiration of the Holy Ghost, and did not venture to send him orders, but only requests. He was, like all his colleagues, popularly regarded as a thaumaturgist, and
* Epistt. Sæc. XIII. T. I. No. 559. -- Raynald. ann. 1233, No. 40. -- Ripoll I. 69, 71. Probably about this period may have occurred the incident related of Moneta, the disciple of St. Dominic, whose efforts against the heretics of Lombardy are said to have aroused their animosity to the point that a noble named Peraldo hired an assassin to despatch him. Word was brought to Moneta, who seized a crucifix and assembled a band of the faithful, with whom he captured Peraldo and the bravo, delivered them to the secular authorities, and they ",ere both burned alive.-- Ricchini Vit. Monetæ, p. viii.
stories were told of his crossing rivers dry-shod, and causing vultures to descend from on high at his simple command. The Bolognese were so loath to part with him that they used gentle violence to retain him, and only let him go after Gregory had ordered their city laid under interdict, and had threatened lo deprive of its episcopal dignity any place which should detain him against his will. After completely succeeding in his mission to Florence lie was despatched on a similar one to Lombardy. The League, which had been so efficient an instrument in curbing the imperial power, was breaking up. Fears were entertained that Frederic would soon return from Germany with an army, and a portion of the Lombard cities and nobles Were disposed to invite him. Some countervailing influence was required, and nothing, more effective than Giovanni's eloquence could be resorted to. At Padua, Treviso, Conigliano, Ceneda, Oderzo, Belluno, and Feltre he preached on the text "Blessed are the feet of the bearers of peace" with such effect that even the terrible Ezzelin da Roma-no is said to have twice burst into tears. The whole land was pacified, save the ancestral quarrel between Ezzelin and the counts of Campo San Piero, which unpardonable wrongs had rendered implacable. After a visit to Mantua, the apostle of peace went to Verona, then besieged by an army of Mantuans, Bolognese, Brescians, and Faenzans, where he persuaded the assailants to withdraw, and the Veronese, in gratitude, proclaimed him podestà by acclamation. He promptly made use of the position to burn in the market-place some sixty heretics of both sexes, belonging to the noblest families of the city. Then he summoned to a great assembly in a plain hard by all the confederate cities and nobles. Obedient to his call there came the Patriarch of Aquileia, the Bishops of Mantua, Brescia, Bologna, Modena, Reggio, Treviso, Vicenza, Padua, and Ceneda, Ezzelin da Romano, the Marquis of Este, who was Lord of Mantua, the Count of San Bonifacio, who ruled Ferrara, and delegates from all the cities, with their carrochi. The multitude was diversely estimated at from forty thousand to five hundred thousand souls, who were wrought by his eloquence to the utmost enthusiasm of mutual forgiveness. After denouncing as rebels and enemies of the Church all who adhered to Frederic or invited him to Italy, Giovanni induced his auditors to swear to accept such settlement of their quarrels as he should dictate, and when he announced the terms they unanimously signed the treaty. *
So great became his reputation that Gregory IX. was seriously disturbed at a report that Giovanni contemplated making himself pope. A consistory was assembled to consider the advisability of excommunicating him, and that step would have been taken had not the Bishop of Modena sworn upon a missal that he had once seen an angel descend from heaven while Giovanni was speaking, and place a golden cross upon his brow. A confidential mission was sent to Bologna to investigate his career there, which returned with authentic accounts of numberless miracles performed by him, among them no less than ten resuscitations of the dead. So holy a man could not well be thrust from the pale of the Church, and the project was abandoned. †
Meanwhile he had visited his native place, Vicenza, on invitation of the bishop, and had so impressed the people that they gave him their statutes to revise at his pleasure, and proclaimed him duke, marquis, and count of the city--titles which belonged to the bishop, who also offered to make over the episcopate to him. As at Verona, he used his power to burn a number of heretics. During his absence at Verona, Uguccione Pileo, an enemy of the Schia family, induced the people to revolt, when Giovanni hastened back and suppressed the rebellion, putting to death with torture, a number of citizens, who are charitably supposed to have been heretics. Uguccione brought up reinforcements; a fierce battle was fought in the streets, and Giovanni was worsted and taken prisoner. A letter of condolence, addressed to him in prison, by Gregory, under date of September 22, 1233, serves to fix the date of this, and to show how powerless was the papacy to protect its agents in the fierce dissensions of the period. Giovanni was obliged to ransom himself and return to Verona, and thence to Bologna. The peace which he had effected was of short duration. The chronic wars broke out afresh, and Giovanni, at the instance of Gregory, came again to pacify them. In this he succeeded, but no sooner was his back turned than hostilities were renewed.
Gregory made a third attempt, through the Bishops of Reggio and Treviso, who induced the warring factions to lay down their arms for a while; but the main object, of presenting a united front and keeping Frederic out of Italy, was lost. Ezzelin and a number of the cities urged his coming, and the decisive victory of Cortenuova, in November, 1237, dissolved the Lombard League which had so long held the empire in check, and made him master of Lombardy. *
During all this time Gregory had been untiring in his efforts to subdue heresy in Lombardy, undeterred by the disheartening lack of result. All his legates to that province were duly instructed to regard this as one of their chief duties. In May, 1236, he had even attempted to establish there a rudimentary Inquisition, but, in the existing condition of the land, even he could hardly have expected to accomplish anything. Frederic came with professions that the extirpation of heresy was one of the motives impelling him to the enterprise; and when Gregory reproached him with suppressing the preaching of the friars and thus favoring heresy, he astutely retorted, with a reference to Giovanni, by alluding to those who, under pretext of making war on heresy, were busy in establishing themselves as potentates, and were taking castles as security from those suspect in faith. Gregory, in reply, could only disclaim all responsibility for the acts of the adventurous friar. Yet Gregory himself, when it suited his Lombard policy, did not hesitate to relax his severity against the heretics, and it became a popular cry in Germany that be bad been bribed with their gold. †
For some years Giovanni Schio led a comparatively quiet existence in Bologna, but in 1247, by which time the Inquisition was fairly taking shape, Innocent IV. appointed him perpetual inquisitor throughout Lombardy, arming him with full powers and releasing him from all subjection or accountability to the Dominican general or provincial. In the existing condition of the north of Italy the commission was virtually inoperative, and its only inter-
est lies in its terms, which show that up to this time there was no organized Inquisition there. We hear nothing further of his activity, even after the death of Frederic, in 1250, until, in 1256, the long-delayed crusade was undertaken against Ezzelin da Romano. By his fiery eloquence he raised in Bologna a considerable force of crusaders, at whose head he marched against the tyrant of the Trevisan, but, disgusted with the quarrels of the leaders, he returned to Bologna before the final catastrophe, and he is supposed to have perished, in 1265, in the crusade against Manfred, when there was a contingent of ten thousand Bolognese in the army of Charles of Anjou. *
Yet the most noteworthy in all respects of the dauntless zealots who fought the seemingly desperate battle against heresy was Piero da Verona, better known as St. Peter Martyr. Born at Verona in 1203 or 1206, of a heretic family, his legend relates that he was divinely led to recognize their errors. When a schoolboy of only seven years of age his uncle chanced to ask him what he learned, and he repeated the orthodox creed. His uncle thereupon told him he must not say that God created the heaven and the earth, for he was not the creator of the visible universe; but the child, filled with the Holy Ghost, overcame his elder in argument, who thereupon urged the parents to remove him from school, but the father, who hoped to see him become a leader of the sect, allowed him to complete his education. His orthodox zeal grew with his growth, and in 1221 he entered the Dominican Order. His confessor testified that he never committed a mortal sin, and the bull of his canonization bears emphatic evidence to his humility, his meek obedience, his sweet benignity, his exhaustless compassion, his unfailing patience, his wonderful charity, his passionate supplications to God for martyrdom, and the innumerable miracles which illustrated his life. †
Before the Dominicans were armed with the power of persecution Piero earnestly devoted himself to the original function of the Order, that of controverting heresy, and preaching against heretics. In this the success of the young apostle was marvellously aided by his thaumaturgic development. At Ravenna,
Mantua, Venice, Milan, and other places, numerous wonders are related of his performance. Thus, at Cesena, the success of his efforts at conversion irritated the heretics, who, on one occasion, interrupted his preaching in the public square by volleys of filth and stones discharged from a house near by. He several times mildly entreated them to desist, but in vain, when, inspired by divine wrath, he launched a terrible imprecation against them. Instantly the house crumbled in ruin, burying the sacrilegious wretches, nor could it be rebuilt until long afterwards. *
When the Dominicans were charged with the duty of persecution his earnest zeal naturally caused him to be selected as one of the earliest laborers. In 1233 he was sent to Milan, where, thus far, all the efforts of papal missives and legates had proved ineffectual to rouse the authorities and the citizens to undertake the holy work. The laws which, in 1228, Cardinal Goffredo had inscribed on the statute-book had remained a dead letter. All this was changed when Piero da Verona made his influence felt. Not only did he cause Gregory's legislation of 1231 to be adopted in the municipal law, but he stimulated the podestà, Oldrado da Tresseno, and the archbishop, Enrico da Settala, to work in earnest. A number of heretics were burned, who were probably the first victims of fanaticism which Milan had seen since the time of the Cathari of Monforte. So strong was the impression made by these executions that they earned for the podestà Oldrado the honor of an equestrian portrait in bas-relief, with the inscription, "Qui solium struxit, Catharos ut debuit uxit," which is still to be seen adorning the wall of the Sala del Consiglio, now the Archivio pubblico. It fared worse with the archbishop, who was rendered so unpopular that he was banished, for which the magistracy was duly excommunicated; but he, too, had posthumous reward, for his tomb bore the legend "instituto inquisitore jugulavit hæreses." Piero likewise founded in Milan a company, or association, for the suppression of heresy, which was taken under immediate papal protection -- the model of that which ten years later did such bloody work in Florence. We may safely assume that his fiery activity continued unabated, though we hear nothing of him until 1242, when we again find him in Milan so vigorously at work that
Two years later we meet him fighting heresy in Florence. That city, it will be remembered, was the subject of the earliest inquisitorial experiments, Frà Giovanni di Salerno, Prior of Santa Maria Novella, having been commissioned to prosecute heretics in 1228, and being succeeded after his death, in 1230, by Frà Aldobrandini Cavalcante, and about 1241 by Frà Ruggieri Calcagni. The first two of these accomplished little, being, in fact, rather preachers than inquisitors. The heretics were protected by the Ghibelline faction and the partisans of Frederic II., and heresy, far from decreasing, spread rapidly in spite of occasional burnings. When the Catharan Bishop Paternon fled, his position was successively held by three others, Torsello, Brunnetto, and Giacopo da Monteflascone. Many of the most powerful families were heretics or open defenders of heresy--the Baroni, Pulci, Cipriani, Cavaleanti, Saraceni, and Malpresa. The Baroni built a stronghold at San Gaggio, beyond the walls, which served as a refuge for the Perfected, and there were plenty of houses in the town where they could hold their conventicles in safety. The Cipriani had two palaces, one at Mugnone and the other in Florence, where troops of Cathari assembled under the leadership of a heresiarch named Marchisiano, and there were great schools at Poggibonsi, Pian di Cascia, and Ponte a Sieve. †
The whole of central Italy, in fact, was almost as deeply infected with heresy as Lombardy, and little had as yet been done to purify it. That as late as 1235 no comprehensive attempt had been made to establish the Inquisition is shown by a papal brief addressed in that year to the Dominicans of Viterbo, empowering them, in all the dioceses of Tuscany, Viterbo, Orta, Balneoreggio, Castro, Soano, Amerino, and Narni, to absolve heretics not publicly defamed for heresy, who should spontaneously accuse themselves, provided the bishops assented and sufficient bail were given; and the bishops were ordered to co-operate. Heretics not thus voluntarily confessing were to be dealt with according to the papal statutes.
At Viterbo dwelt Giovanni da Benevento, who was called the pope of the heretics, but it was not until Gregory went thither in 1237 and undertook the task of purifying the place himself that any efficient action was taken; he condemned Giovanni and many other heretics, and ordered the palaces of some of the noblest families of the city to be torn down, as having afforded refuge to heretics. At the same time the Bishop of Padua was urged to persevere in the good work, and at Parma the Knights of Jesus Christ were instituted with the same object by Jordan, the Dominican general. All this indicates the commencement of systematic operations, and the pressure grew stronger year by year. Under the energetic management of Ruggieri Calcagni the Florentine Inquisition rapidly took shape and executions became frequent, while in the confessions of the accused allusions are made to heretics burned elsewhere, showing that persecution was becoming active wherever political conditions rendered it possible. Thus in a confession of 1244 there is a reference to two, Maffeo and Martello, burned not long before at Pisa. *
In Florence Frà Ruggieri's vigor was reducing the heretics to desperation. Each trial revealed fresh names, and as the circle spread the prosecutions became more numerous and terrible. The Signoria was coerced by papal letters to enforce the citations of the inquisitor, and as the prisoners multiplied and their depositions were taken, fully a third of the citizens, including many nobles, were found to be involved. Excited by the magnitude of the developments, Ruggieri determined to strike at the chiefs, and, invoking the aid of the Priors of the Arts, he seized a number of them and condemned to the stake those who proved contumacious. The time had evidently come when they must choose between open resistance and destruction. The Baroni assembled their followers, broke open the jails, and carried off the prisoners, who were distributed through various strongholds in the Florentine territory where they continued to preach and spread their doctrines.
Matters were rapidly approaching a crisis. On the one hand it was impossible for so large a body as the heretics to permit themselves to be slaughtered in detail with impunity, to say noth-
ing of the spoliation and gratification of private feuds which could not fail to involve the innocent with the guilty in a persecution of such extent so recklessly pursued. On the other hand, the persecutors were maddened with excitement and with the prospects of at last triumphing over the adversaries who had so long defied them. Innocent IV. wrote pressingly to the Signoria commanding energetic support for the inquisitor, and he summoned from Lombardy Piero da Verona to lend his aid in the approaching struggle. Towards the end of 1244 Piero hastened to the conflict, and his eloquence drew such crowds that the Piazza di Santa Maria Novella had to be enlarged to accommodate the multitude. He utilized the enthusiasm by enrolling the orthodox nobles in a guard to protect the Dominicans, and formed a military order under the name of the Società de' Capitani di Santa Maria, uniformed in a white doublet with a red cross, and these led the organization known as the Compagnia della Fede, sworn to defend the Inquisition at all hazards, under privileges granted by the Holy See. Thus encouraged and supported, Ruggieri pushed forward the trials, and numbers of victims were burned. This was a challenge which the heretics could only decline under pain of annihilation. They likewise organized under the lead of the Baroni, and it was not difficult to persuade the podestà, Ser Pace di Pesannola of Bergamo, recently appointed by Frederic II., that the interest of his master required him to protect them. Thus the perennial quarrel between the Church and the empire filled the streets of Florence with bloodshed under the banners of orthodoxy and heterodoxy. Ruggieri provoked the conflict without flinching. He cited the Baroni before him, and when they contemptuously refused to appear he procured a special mandate from Innocent IV. This they obeyed with the utmost docility, about August 1, 1245, swearing to stand to the mandates of the Church, and depositing one thousand lire as security; but when they understood that he was about to render sentence against them, they appealed to the podestà. Ser Pace thereupon sent his officers, August 12, to Ruggieri, ordering him to annul the proceedings as contrary to the mandate of the emperor, to return the money taken as bail, and, in case of contumacy, to appear the next day before the podestà under penalty of a thousand marks. Ruggieri's only notice of this was a summons the next day to Ser Pace to appear before the Inquisition as suspect of heresy and fautorship, under pain of forfeiture of office. The fervid rhetoric of Frà Piero poured oil upon the flames, and the city found itself divided into two factions, not unequally matched and eager to fly at each other. Taking advantage of the assembling of the faithful in the churches on a feastday, the podestà sounded the tocsin, and many unarmed Catholics are said to have been slaughtered before the altars. Then on St. Bartholomew's day (August 24) Ruggieri and Bishop Ardingho, in the Piazza di S. Maria Novella, publicly read a sentence condemning the Baroni, confiscating their possessions, and ordering their castles and palaces to be destroyed, which naturally led to a bloody collision between the factions. Piero then placed himself at the head of the Compagnia della Fede, carrying a standard like the other captains, among whom the de' Rossi were the most conspicuous. Under his leadership two murderous battles were fought, one at the Croce al Trebbio and the other in the Piazza di S. Felicità, in both of which the heretics were utterly routed. Monuments still mark the scene of these victories; and, until recent times, the banner which San Piero gave to the de' Rossi was still carried by the Compagnia di San Piero Martire on the celebration of his birthday, April 29, while the one which he bore himself is preserved among the relics of Santa Maria Novella and is publicly displayed on his feast-day.
Thus was destroyed in Florence the power of the heretics and of the Ghibellines. Ruggieri, for his steadfast courage, was rewarded, before the close of 1245, with the bishopric of Castro, and was succeeded as inquisitor by San Piero himself, whose indefatigable zeal allowed the heretics no rest. Many of them, recognizing the futility of further resistance, abandoned their errors; others fled, and when Piero left Florence he could boast that heresy was conquered and the Inquisition established on an impregnable basis; though Rainerio's estimate of the Florentine Cathari, some years later, shows that it still had an ample harvest to reward its labors. *
* Lami, op. cit. pp. 560-85.--Lami's account of these troubles, based upon original sources, is so complete that I have followed it without reference to other thorities. Most of the documents are still in the Archives of Florence (Archiv. Diplom., Prov. S. Maria Novella, ann. 1245). The Compagnia della Fede, known subsequently as del Bigallo, was changed
While Ruggieri, in the summer of 1245, was precipitating the conflict in Florence, Innocent IV., in the Council of Lyons, was passing sentence of dethronement on Frederic II. and trying to find some aspirant hardy enough to accept the imperial crown. Frederic laughed the sentence to scorn and easily disposed of his would-be competitors, but he was obliged to struggle hard to maintain his Italian possessions, and his death, December 13, 1250, relieved the papacy from the most formidable antagonist which its ambitious designs had ever encountered. Skilled equally in the arts of war and peace, untiring in activity, dismayed by no reverses, intellectually far in advance of his age, and encumbered with few scruples, Frederic's brilliant abilities and indomitable courage had been the one obstacle in the papal path towards domination over Italy and the foundation on that basis of a universal theocratic monarchy. His son, Conrad IV., a youth of twentyone, was scarce to be dreaded in comparison, though Innocent cautiously waited for a while in Lyons before venturing into Italy. After reaching Genoa, June 8, 1251, he addressed to Piero da, Verona and Viviano da Bergamo a brief which shows that the intervening six months had not sufficed to dull the sense of rejoicing at the death of his great opponent, and that no more time was to be lost in taking full advantage of the opportunity. A dithyrambic burst of exultation is followed by the declaration that thanks to God for this inestimable mercy are to be rendered not so much in words as in deeds, and of these the most acceptable is the purification of the faith. Frederic's favor towards heretics had long impeded the operations of the Inquisition throughout Italy, and now that he is removed it is to be put into action everywhere with all possible vigor. Inquisitors are to be sent into all parts of Lombardy; Piero and Viviano are ordered to proceed forthwith to Cremona, armed with all necessary powers; rulers who do not zealously assist them will be coerced with the spiritual sword, and, if this proves insufficient, Christendom will be aroused to destroy them in a crusade. This bull was followed by a rapid succession of others addressed to the Dominican provincials and to potentates, ordering strenuous co-operation, and the
inscription in all local statutes of the constitutions of the dead emperor and of the popes--bulls issued in such haste that, June 13, 1252, the pope was obliged to explain that the blunders and omissions arising from the hurried work of the scribes are not to invalidate them. The whole was crowned, May 15, 1252, by the issue of the bull Ad extirpanda, of which I have given an abstract in a former chapter. This sought to render the civil power completely subservient to the Inquisition, and prescribed the extirpation of heresy as the chief duty of the State. *
Innocent's mandate probably found Piero at the convent of San Giovanni in Canali at Piacenza, of which he was prior in 1250, and where his austerities so impressed his brethren that they begged his friend, Matteo da Correggio, pretor of the city, to induce him to moderate them, lest the flesh which he so persistently macerated should give way under the ardent spirit within. If, in fact, we are to believe the statement that he habitually never broke his fast before sunset, and that he passed most of the night in prayer, restricting his sleep to the least that was compatible with life, his career becomes easily intelligible. Deficiency of nourishment, replaced by unceasing and unnatural nervous exaltation, must have rendered him virtually an irresponsible being. †
We have no details of what he accomplished as inquisitor at Cremona, or at Milan to which he was afterwards transferred. It is presumable, however, that his relentless activity fully responded to the expectations of those who had selected him as the fittest instrument to take advantage, in the headquarters of heresy, of the unexpected opportunity to visit the now defenceless heretics with the wrath of God. Within nine months after he had been summoned to action he had already become such an object of terror that in despair a plot was laid for his assassination. The matter was intrusted to Stefano Confaloniero, a noble of Aliate, and the hire of the assassins, twenty-five lire, was furnished by Guidotto Sachella. The week before Easter (March 23-30), 1252, Stefano proposed the murder to Manfredo Clitoro of Giussano, who agreed to do it, and associated with him Carino da Balsamo. At the same time Giacopo della Chiusa undertook to go to Pavia
to slay Rainerio Saccone, and made the journey, but failed to accomplish his mission. The other conspirators were more successful. Frà Piero at that time was Prior of Como, and went thither to pass his Easter. He was obliged to return to Milan on Low Sunday, April 7, as on that day expired the term of fifteen days which he had assigned to a contumacious heretic. During Easter week Stefano, with Manfredo and Carino, went to Como and awaited Piero's departure. It shows the fearlessness and the austerity of the man that he set out on foot, April 7, though weakened with a quartain fever, and accompanied only by a single friar, Domenico. Manfredo and Carino followed them as far as Barlassina, and set upon them in a lonely spot. Carino acted as executioner, laying open Piero's head with a single blow, mortally wounding Domenico, and then, finding that Piero still breathed, plunging a dagger in his breast. Some passing travellers carried the body of the martyr to the convent of San Sempliciano, while Domenico was conveyed to Meda, where he died five days afterwards. As for the conspirators, I have already alluded to the strange delay which postponed for forty-three years the final sentence of Stefano Confaloniero, and to the repentance and beatification of Carino, who became St. Acerinus. Daniele da Giussano, another of the confederates, also repented and entered the Dominican Order. Giacopo della Chiusa seems to have escaped, and Manfredo and a certain Tommaso were captured and confessed. Manfredo admitted that he had been concerned in the murder of two other inquisitors, Frà Pier di Bracciano and Frà Catalano, both Franciscans, at Ombraida in Lombardy. He was simply ordered to present himself to the pope for judgment, but in place of obeying he very naturally fled, and there is no record of his subsequent fate. No one seems to have been put to death, and common report asserted that the assassins found a safe refuge among the Waldenses of the Alpine valleys, which is not improbable. *
In fact, the, Church made much shrewder use of the martyrdom than the exaction of vulgar vengeance. Its whole machinery was set to work at once to impress the populations with the sanctity of the martyr. Miracles multiplied around him. When the General Chapter of the Order assembled at Bologna in May, Innocent wrote to them in terms of the most extravagant hyperbole respecting him, and urged them to fresh exertions in the cause of Christ. By August 31, he ordered the commencement of proceedings of canonization, and before a year had elapsed, March 25, 1253, the bull of canonization was issued--I believe the most speedy creation of a saint on record. It would be difficult to exaggerate the cult which developed itself around the martyr. Before the century was out, Giacopo di Voragine compared his martyrdom with that of Christ, establishing many similitudes between them, and he assures us that the disappearance of heresy in the Milanese was owing to the merits of the saint--indeed, already, in the bull of canonization it is asserted that man), heretics had been converted by his death and miracles. It is true that when, in 1291, Frà Tommaso d'Aversa, a Dominican of Naples, in a sermon on the feast of San Piero dared to compare his wounds with the stigmata of St. Francis--saying that the former were the signs of the living God and not of the dead, while the latter were those of the dead God and not of the living--it is true that the expression was thought to savor of blasphemy. The existing pope, Nicholas IV., chanced to be a Franciscan, so Tommaso was summoned before him, forced to confess, and was sent back to his provincial with orders to subject him to a punishment that would prevent a repetition of the sacrilege. Yet successive popes encouraged the cult of San Piero until Sixtus V., in 1586, designated him as the second head of the Inquisition after St. Dominic, and as its first martyr, and in 1588 granted plenary indulgence to all who should visit for devotion the Dominican churches on the days of St. Dominic, Peter Martyr, and Catharine of Siena. In the seventeenth century an enthusiastic Spaniard declared that he was crowned with three crowns, "como Emperador de Martyres." In 1373, Gregory XI. granted permission to erect a small oratory on the spot of
the murder, which grew to be a magnificent church with a splendid convent, through the offerings of the innumerable pilgrims who flocked thither. The authenticity of the martyr's sanctity was proved when, in 1340, eighty-seven years after death, the body was translated to a tomb of marvellous workmanship, and was found in a perfect state of preservation; and when the sepulchre was opened in 1736 it was still found uncorrupted, with wounds corresponding exactly to those described in the annals. *
The enthusiasm excited by the career of San Piero was turned to practical account by the organization in most of the Italian cities of Crocesegnati, composed of the principal cavaliers, who swore to defend and assist the inquisitors at peril of their lives, and to devote person and property to the extermination of heretics, for which service they received plenary remission of all their sins. These associations were wont to assemble on the feast of San Piero in the Dominican churches, which were the seats of the Inquisition, and hold aloft their drawn swords during the reading of the Gospel, in testimony of their readiness to crush heresy with force. They continued to exist until the last century, and Frà Pier-Tommaso Campana, who was inquisitor at Crema, relates with pride how, in 1738, he presided over such a ceremony in Milan. The Crocesegnati, moreover, furnished material support to the in-
The question of the Stigmata was always a burning one between the two Orders. The Dominicans at first refused to accept the miracle until forced to submit by energetic papal measures (Chron. Glassberger ann. 1237--Analecta Franciscana II. 58, Quaracchi, 1887), and when at length they claimed the same honor for St. Catharine of Siena the Franciscans were equally incredulous. In 1473, at Trapani, the two Orders preached against each other on this subject with so much violence as to raise great disorders between their respective partisans among the laity, until the Viceroy of Sicily was obliged to interfere ( La Mantia, L'Inquisizione in Sicilia, Torino, 1886, p. 17); and, as already mentioned, Sixtus IV., in 1475, prohibited the ascription of the Stigmata to St. Catharine. quisitors, supplying them when necessary with both men and money for the performance of their functions. In fact, they were subject to excommunication if they refused to give money when called upon by the inquisitor. It can readily be conceived how greatly the effectiveness of the Inquisition was increased by such an organization. *
If the heretics had hoped to strike their persecutors with terror they were short-sighted. The fanaticism of the Order of Dominic furnished an unfailing supply of men eager for the crown of martyrdom and unsparing in their efforts to earn it. Hardly were the splendid obsequies of San Piero completed when his place was occupied by Guido da Sesto and Rainerio Saccone da Vicenza. The latter had been high in the Catharan Church, when, divinely illuminated as to his errors, he was converted and expiated his past life by entering the strict Dominican Order. It was possibly in his favor that in 1246 Innocent IV. authorized the Dominican prior at Milan to admit repentant heretics into the Order without requiring the year's novitiate that was imposed on Catholics. Thoroughly acquainted with all the secrets of heresy, he could render invaluable aid in persecuting his old associates, whom he pursued with all the ruthless bigotry of an apostate. He was speedily made an inquisitor, and earned an enviable reputation among the faithful by his vigor and success in exterminating heresy. The fact that, as we have seen, he was singled out with San Piero by the conspirators to be slain shows how thoroughly he had earned the hate of the persecuted. We know nothing of the details of the attempt upon his life save that Giacopo della Chiusa returned from Pavia with his errand unaccomplished. Rainerio was at once transferred to Milan as the man best fitted to replace the martyr, and he justified the selection by the unbending firmness with which he vindicated the authority of his office. It was still a novelty in Lombardy, and a man of his keen intelligence, strength of purpose, and self-devotion was required to organize it and establish it among a recalcitrant population. †
Heretics, in fact, were more numerous than ever in Lombardy, for the active work carried on in Languedoc by Bernard do Caux and his colleagues had caused a wholesale emigration. Until the death of Frederic, Lombardy was regarded as a secure haven; colonies established themselves there, and even after the Lombard Inquisition was thoroughly organized the persecuted wretches continued for half a century to seek refuge there, nor do we often hear of their being detected. * All of Rainerio's resolution and energy were required for the work before him. In the March of Treviso, Ezzelin da Romano, whose influence extended far to the west, continued openly to protect heresy, and even in Lombardy the hopes excited by Frederic's death threatened to prove fallacious. In 1253, when Conrad IV. passed through Treviso to recover possession of his Sicilian kingdom, be appointed as his Lombard vicar-general Uberto Pallavicino, who soon became as obnoxious to the Church as Ezzelin himself; and, though Conrad died in 1254, and Innocent IV. seized Naples as a forfeited fief of the Church, Pallavicino's power continued to increase, and he soon established relations with Manfred, Frederic's illegitimate son, who wrested Naples from the papacy and became the chief of the Ghibelline faction. Even more threatening was the revulsion of feeling in Milan itself, when its ardent Guelfism was changed to indifference by Innocent's indiscreet assertion of certain ecclesiastical immunities which touched the pride of the citizens. The heads of the hydra might well seem indestructible. One of Rainerio's first enterprises, in 1253, was summoning Egidio, Count of Cortenuova, before his tribunal, as a fautor and defender of heresy. The castle of Cortenuova, near Bergamo, had been razed as a nest of heretics, and its reconstruction prohibited, but the count had seized the castle of Mongano, which was claimed by the Bishop of Cremona, and bad converted it into a den of heretics, who enjoyed immunity under his protection. He disdained to obey the citation and was duly excommunicated. He paid no attention to this, and on March 23, 1254, Innocent IV. ordered the authorities of Milan, under pain of ecclesiastical censures, to take the castle by force and deliver its inmates to the inquisitors for trial. The count, however, was in close alliance with
Pallavicino, "that enemy of God and the Church," and the Milanese appear to have had no appetite for the enterprise at the time. Mongano continued to be a place of refuge for the persecuted until 1269, when the Milanese were at last stimulated to undertake the siege, and on capturing it handed it over to the Dominicans. *
Better success awaited Rainerio's efforts with Roberto Patta da Giussano, a Milanese noble who for twenty years had been one of the most conspicuous defenders of heresy in Lombardy. At his castle of Gatta he publicly maintained heretic bishops, allowing them to build houses, and establish schools whence they spread their pernicious doctrines through the land. They had also there a cemetery where, among others, were buried their bishops, Nazario and Desiderio. The place was notorious, and it is related of San Piero-Martire, as an instance of his prophetic gifts, that once when passing it he had foretold its destruction and the exhumation of the heretic bones. Roberto had been cited by the archbishop and had abjured heresy, but no effective measures had been ventured upon to coerce him from his evil ways, and the heretics of Gatta had continued to enjoy his protection. It was otherwise when, in 1254, Rainerio and Guido summoned him again. On his failing to appear they summarily condemned him as a heretic, declared his property confiscated and his descendants subject to the usual disabilities. Roberto saw that the new officials were not to be trifled with. The prospects of the Ghibellines at the moment were apparently hopeless. He hastened to make his peace, binding himself to submit to any terms which the pope might dictate; and Innocent doubtless deemed himself merciful when, August 19, 1254, he ordered the castle of Gatta and all the heretic houses to be destroyed by fire, the bones in the cemetery to be dug up and burned, and the count to perform such salutary penance as Rainerio might prescribe. †
The papal power was now at its height. Conrad IV. had died May 20, 1254, not without suspicion of poison; Innocent IV. had seized his Sicilian kingdoms, and for a brief space, until Manfred's romantic adventures and victory of Foggia, he might well imagine
himself on the eve of becoming, the undisputed temporal as well as spiritual head of Italy. Every effort was made to perfect the Inquisition and to render it efficient both as a political instrument and as a means of bringing about the long-desired uniformity of belief. On March 8 Innocent had taken an important step in its organization by ordering the Franciscan Minister of Rome to appoint friars of his Order as inquisitors in all the provinces south of Lombardy. On May 20 he reissued his bull Ad extirpanda; on the 22d he sent the constitutions of Frederic II. to all the Italian rulers, with orders to incorporate them in the local statutes, and informed them that the Mendicants were instructed to coerce them in case of disobedience. On the 29th he proceeded to reorganize the Lombard Inquisition by instructing, the provincial to appoint four inquisitors whose power should extend from Bologna and Ferrara to Genoa. Under this impulsion and the restless energy of Rainerio no time was lost in extending the institution in every direction save where Ghibelline potentates such as Ezzelin and Uberto prevented its introduction. We chance to have an illustration of the process in the records of the little republic of Asti, on the confines of Savoy. It is recited that in 1254 two inquisitors, Frà Giovanni da Torino and Frà Paulo da Milano, with their associates, appeared before the council of the republic and announced to them that the pope enjoined them to admit the Inquisition within their territories. Thereupon the Astigiani made answer that they were ready to obey the pontiff, but they had no laws providing for persecution and it would be necessary to frame one. Accordingly an ordenamento was drawn up prescribing obedience to the constitutions of Innocent IV. and Frederic II., and it was forthwith added to the local statutes. Similar action was doubtless taking place in every quarter where the people had thus far remained in ignorance of the new doctrine that the suppression of heresy was the first duty of the government. *
The death of Innocent IV., December 7, 1254, whether it was the result of Dominican litanies or of mortification at Manfred's
success, made no difference in the energy with which the progress of the Inquisition was pushed. The accession of Alexander IV. was signalized by a succession of bulls repeating and enforcing the regulations of his predecessor, and urging prelates and inquisitors to increased activity. To overcome the resistance of such cities as were slack in the duty of capturing and delivering, all who were designated for arrest by the inquisitors, the latter were empowered to punish such delinquency with the heavy fine of two hundred silver marks. Under this impulsion Rainerio assembled the people of Milan, August 1, 1255, in the Piazza del Duomo, read to them his commission, and gave them notice that, although he had hitherto acted with great mildness, the time had passed for trifling. Many citizens, he said, openly derided the Inquisition in the public streets; others caused scandal by opposing and molesting it. He therefore gave three formal warnings, attested by a notarial instrument duly witnessed, that all who should continue to indulge in detraction or should in any way impede the Inquisition were excommunicate as fautors of heresy, and would be prosecuted to such penalties as their audacity deserved. *
As the Inquisition warmed to its work, the four inquisitors provided for Lombardy by Innocent IV. proved insufficient, and, March 20, 1256, Alexander IV. ordered the provincial to increase the number to eight. He appears to have been somewhat dilatory in obedience, for in 1260 he was sharply reminded of the command and enjoined no longer to postpone its fulfilment. Possibly the delay may have arisen from the fact that in January, 1257, Rainerio had risen to the position of supreme inquisitor over the whole of Lombardy and the Marches of Genoa and Treviso, with power to appoint deputies. He thus was doubtless practically emancipated from the control of the provincial, and was able to supply any deficiency in the working, force with those who were absolutely dependent upon himself. In March, 1256, the prelates had been required in the most urgent terms to render an aid and support to the inquisitors; and in January, 1257, this was emphasized by informing them that those who manifested neglect should not escape punishment, while those who showed themselves
* Ripoll I. 285.-- Raynald. ann. 1255, No. 31.-- Campi, Dell' Hist. Eccles. di Piacenza, P. II. pp. 212-13, 402. zealous would find the Holy See benignant to them in their "opportunities." The significance of this is not to be mistaken, and it would be difficult to set limits to the power thus concentrated in the hands of the ex-Catharan. *
Territorially, however, his authority was circumscribed by the possessions of Uberto and Ezzelin, within which no inquisitor dared venture. In this very year, 1257, Piacenza, which had fallen under control of Uberto, was placed in such complete hostility to the Church that it was deprived of its episcopate, and its bishop, Alberto, was transferred to Ferrara. In Vicenza, which was ruled by Ezzelin, matters were even worse. There the heretics had a recognized chief named Piero Gallo, of the Borgo di San Piero, whose name was adopted by them as a rallying cry, to which the Catholics responded with "viva Volpe!"--a member of the family of Volpe being, the leader of their faction; and so thoroughly did this become encrusted in the habits of the people that we are told in the seventeenth century that the cry of the citizens of the Borgo (then corruptly called Porsampiero) was still "viva Gallo!" while that of the dwellers in the Piazza and Porta Nuova was "viva Volpe!" Ezzelin would permit no persecution, and when the blessed Bortolamio di Breganze, one of the immediate disciples of St. Dominic, was made Bishop of Vicenza, in 1256, he was reduced to seeking conversions by persuasion. After preaching, for a while with little effect he had a public discussion with Piero Gallo, and so impressed him by argument that the heretic was converted. We may reasonably doubt the assertion that Ezzelin's displeasure at this feat was the cause of Bortolamio's banishment from his see, but, whatever was the motive, he was consoled by Alexander IV., who sent him as nuncio to England. During his absence, in 1258, his archdeacon, Bernardo Nicelli, was bolder, and made a capture of importance in the person of the Catharan Bishop, Viviano Bogolo. He endeavored to convert his prisoner, but his powers of persuasion were insufficient, and Ezzelin interfered, and set the heretic at liberty. †
that the foothold of heresy was secure, and that the hopes based on the death of Frederic II. were not destined to fruition. Every motive had long, conspired to render the Church eager for the destruction of Ezzelin, who was its most dreaded antagonist, and every expedient had been tried to reduce him to subjection. As far back as 1221 Gregory IX., then legate in Lombardy, had extorted from him assurances of his hatred of heresy. In 1231 his sons, Ezzelin and Alberico, were at the papal court expressing horror at his crimes and promising to deliver him up for trial as a heretic if he would not reform, in order to escape the disinheritance which they would otherwise incur under Frederic's laws. They pledged themselves, moreover, to deliver to him letters from Gregory, dated September 1, in which he was bitterly reproached for his protection of heretics, and told that if he would humbly acknowledge his errors and expel all heretics from his lands he might come within two months to the Holy See, prepared to obey implicitly all commands laid upon him; otherwise heaven and earth would be invoked against him, his lands should be abandoned to seizure, and he, who was already a scandal and a horror to men, should become an eternal opprobrium. *
Whether the sons dutifully presented to their father this portentous epistle does not appear, nor is it of any importance save as showing how Ezzelin was already regarded as the mainstay of heresy, and how habitually zeal for the faith was made to cover the ambitious political designs of the Church. Ezzelin's courage never wavered, and his adventurous career was pursued with scarce a check. When Frederic II. overcame the resistance of Lombardy, he gave, in 1238, his natural daughter Selvaggia to Ezzelin in marriage and created him imperial vicar. The unanimous testimony of the ecclesiastical chroniclers represents him as a monster whose crimes almost transcend the capacity for evil of human nature, but the unrelieved blackness of the picture defeats the object of the painter. Possibly he may have been among the worst of the Italian despots of the time, when faithlessness and contempt for human suffering were the rule, but the long unbroken success which attended him shows that he must have had qualities which attached men to him, and the report that he was
twice moved to tears by the eloquence of Frà Giovanni Schio indicates a degree of sensibility impossible in one utterly depraved. In fact, the anecdote related by Benvenuto da Imola, that he carried on his back his sister's lover Sordello to and from the place of assignation, and then gave the frightened troubadour a friendly warning, presupposes a character wholly at variance with that currently attributed to him. Some of the stories circulated to excite odium against him are so absurdly exaggerated as to cast doubt upon all the accusations of the papalist writers. * Gregory's letters of September 1, 1231, were simply a ruse. So far was he from awaiting the two months' delay for Ezzelin to present himself, that three days later, on September 4, he executed his threat by ordering the Bishops of Reggio Modena, Brescia, and Mantua to offer Ezzelin's lands to the spoiler, and to preach the cross against him, with the same indulgences as for the Holy Land. This proved a failure, and when Frà Giovanni Schio was sent on his mission of peace, in 1233, Ezzelin's absolution was included in the general pacification, though he had not abandoned the protection of heresy, which had been the ostensible reason for assailing him. While Frederic was at peace with the Church, Ezzelin appears to have been let alone; and when the quarrel broke out afresh, after the emperor's subjugation of Lombardy, Ezzelin was again attacked. Frederic's excommunication of April 7, 1239, was followed, November 20, by that of Ezzelin. This time there is no mention of fautorship of heresy, but only of his encroachments on the church of Treviso and of his remaining under excommunication for more than three years. A month is given to him to submit, after which he is to be proceeded against as a heretic, for the Church had already discovered the convenience of treating disobedience as heresy. Nothing came of this, and in 1244 Innocent IV. resolved to see whether the Inquisition could not be used to better effect. Frà Rolando da Cremona, whose dauntless energy we have witnessed, was commissioned to make inquest on him as on one suspected and publicly defamed for her-
esy by reason of his association with heretics; and as the accused was "terrible and powerful," the inquisitor was empowered to publish the legal citations in any place where he could do so in safety. The result of this trial in absentia was conclusive. It was found that he was the son of a heretic, that his kinsmen were heretics, that under his protection heresy had spread throughout the March of Treviso, and it was decided that he did not believe in the faith of Christ, and must be held suspect of heresy. In March, 1248, Innocent pronounced his condemnation as a manifest heretic to receive the reward of damnation incurred by damned heretics, but promised him that he would learn the abundant clemency of the Church if he would present himself in person by the next Ascension day (May 28). The wary old chief did not allow his curiosity as to the extent of papal clemency to overcome his caution, and abstained from placing his person in Innocent's power. He sent envoys, however, who offered to purge him of the suspicion of heresy by swearing to his orthodoxy; but Innocent held that he must appear in person, and offered him a safeconduct in coming and going. There was no security promised in staying, however, and Ezzelin was cautious. The term allowed him passed away, and he was duly excommunicated. After two years more he was notified that unless he appeared by August 1, 1250, he would be subjected to the statutes against heresy. The obdurate sinner was equally unmoved by this, and in June, 1251, the Bishop of Treviso and the Dominican Prior of Mantua were ordered to summon him personally again to appear by a given time, offering him ample security for his safety: if he disobeyed, his subjects of Treviso were commanded to coerce him, and if this failed a crusade was to be preached against him. *
To a pope desirous of extending, his temporal sway it was exceedingly convenient to condemn his political opponents for heresy, and exceedingly economical to pay for their subjugation by lavishing the treasures of salvation. Thus, in April, 1253, Innocent IV., as an episode in his quarrel with Brancaleone, Senator of Rome, ordered the Dominicans of the Roman province to preach
a crusade, with Holy-Land indulgences, against the so-called heretics of Tuscany. Preparations were similarly made, on a larger scale, to crush those of Lombardy, where heresy was described as being more rampant and aggressive than ever. For two years a succession of bulls was issued directing all prelates, and especially the inquisitors, to preach the cross against them, with a most liberal assortment of indulgences. In one of these absolution was actually offered to those who held property wrongfully acquired, provided they contributed its value in aid of the crusade, thus deliberately rendering, the Church an accomplice in robbery. In another, all persons or communities neglecting, to aid the crusade were ordered to be prosecuted by the inquisitors as fautors of heresy. As a formal preliminary, Ezzelin was again cited, April 9, 1254, to present himself for judgment by the next Ascension day (May 21), failing which he was sentenced as a manifest heretic, to be dealt with as such. In all these proceedings the curious travesty of an inquisitorial trial shows us the influence which the Inquisition was already exercising on the minds of churchmen, and the employment of inquisitors proves how useful the institution was becoming as a factor in advancing the power of the Holy See. *
The Neapolitan conquest and the death of Innocent IV. postponed the organization of the crusade, but at length, in June, 1256, it set out from Venice under the leadership of the Legate Filippo, Archbishop--elect of Ravenna. The capture by assault of Padua, Ezzelin's most important city, was an encouraging commencement of the campaign, but the seven-days' sack, to which the unfortunate town was abandoned, showed that the soldiers of the cross were determined to make the most of the indulgences which they had earned. Under its incompetent captain the crusade dragged on without further result, in spite of reiterated bulls offering salvation, until, in 1258, the legate was utterly routed near Brescia, and captured, together with his astrologer, the Dominican Everard. Brescia fell into Ezzelin's hands, who, more powerful than ever, entertained designs upon Milan, where he had relations with the Ghibelline faction. When all danger seemed to him past,
however, there was a sudden revulsion of fortune. The Ghibelline chiefs of Lombardy, Uberto Pallavicino and Buoso di Dovara, lords of Cremona, had been in alliance with him; they had aided in the capture of Brescia, with the understanding, that they were to share in its possession, but he had monopolized the conquest, and they were resolved on revenge. June 11, 1259, they signed a treaty against Ezzelin with the Milanese and with Azzo d'Este, the head of the Lombard Guelfs. Ezzelin took the field with a heavy force, hoping to gain possession of Milan through the intelligences which he had within the walls, but on the march he was attacked by Uberto, Buoso, and Azzo, who by skilful strategy dispersed his troops and captured him, grievously wounded. His savage pride would not brook this degradation: he tore the bandages from his wound, refused all aid, and died in a few days. *
No greater service could have been rendered to the Church than that performed by Uberto, who had been in field and council the soul of the alliance that destroyed the dreaded Ezzelin and threw open, after thirty years of fruitless effort, the March of Treviso to the Inquisition. Some show of favor in return for such services would not have been amiss; would perhaps, indeed, have been wise, as it might have won over the powerful Ghibelline chief. In the treaty of June 11, however, the allies bad alluded to Manfred as King of Sicily, and had pledged themselves to labor for his reconciliation with the pope. No service, especially after it had become irrevocable, could overbalance this recognition of the hated son of Frederic. Uberto, Buoso, and the Cremonese had been absolved from excommunication when they entered the alliance, but Alexander IV. wrote, December 13, 1259,
* Raynald. ann. 1257, No. 38-9; 1258, No. 1-4; 1259, No. 1-3. -- Rolandini Chron . Lib. IX.-XII ( Muratori, S. R. I. VIII. 299-352).--Monach. Patavin. Chron. (Ib. VIII. 691-705).--Nic. Smeregi Chron. (Ib. VIII. 101).-- Wadding, ann. 1258, No. 6.--Mag. Bull. Rom. 1. 118. The ferocity of the age is seen in the treatment bestowed on Ezzelin's brother Alberico, when captured with his family. He was gagged and tied to a tree, his wife and daughters were burned alive before his eyes, his sons were slain and their limbs thrown in his face, and then lie was deliberately hacked in pieces.-Laurentii de Monacis Ezerinus III. ( Muratori, S. R. I. VIII. 150). Alberico was a man of culture, a troubadour, and a patron of the gai science ( Vaissette, Éd. Privat, X. 313).
to his legate in Lombardy that the absolution was worthless because it had not been administered by a Dominican or a Franciscan, who alone were empowered to grant it; if however, the allies would repudiate Manfred and give sufficient security to obey the mandates of the Church and to restore all church property, they might still be absolved. *
Apparently Alexander's head had been turned by the triumph over Ezzelin, but he knew little of the man whom he thus treated with such supercilious ingratitude. By intrigues with the Torriani and other powerful nobles of Milan, Uberto created for himself a party in that city, and in 1260 he procured his election as podestà for five years. Rainerio Saccone vainly endeavored to prevent a consummation so deplorable. He assembled the citizens, denounced Uberto as vehemently suspected of heresy and as a manifest defender of heretics, and threatened that if it was persisted in he would ring all the church bells, and summon the people and clergy and Crocesegnati to oppose it by force. Unfortunately the citizens did not take in good part this somewhat insolent interference of a stranger with their internal affairs; or, as Alexander IV. describes it, "this wholesome counsel given in the spirit of humility and kindness." In wrath they assembled and rushed to the Dominican convent, where they gave Rainerio the alternative of leaving the city or faring worse. He chose the wiser alternative and departed. †
It was in vain that Alexander, in the bull detailing, these griefs, ordered Rainerio and the other inquisitors to prosecute the guilty parties. It was in vain also that he approved, October 14, 1260, the statutes of an association of Defenders of the Faith recently formed in Milan in honor of Jesus Christ, the Blessed Virgin, St. John the Baptist, and St. Peter Martyr, whose members pledged themselves to give assistance, armed or otherwise, to, the Inquisition in its labors for the extermination of heresy. Uberto was now the most powerful man in Lombardy, and wherever his influence extended he prohibited inquisitors from performing their functions. Heretics were safe under his rule, and they flocked to his territories from other parts of Lombardy and from Languedoc
† Ripoll I. 398.-- Bern. Corio, Hist. Milanese, ann. 1259. and Provence. One of his confidential servitors was a certain Berenger, who had been condemned for heresy. Alexander lost no time in repeating, with him the comedy of an inquisitorial trial, which we have seen performed with Ezzelin. December 9, 1260, he addressed instructions to the inquisitors of Lombardy to cite him, from some safe place, to the papal presence within two months, offering him a safe-conduct for coming (but not for going), when if he can prove his innocence he will be admitted to swear obedience to the papal mandates. If he does not appear, he is to be proceeded against inquisitorially. * Uberto cared as little as Ezzelin for the impotent papal thunder, and quietly went on strengthening, his position and adding city after city to his dominions, in spite of Alexander's instructions to Rainerio and his inquisitors to act vigorously and to preach a crusade. Between his success in the north, and the daily extending influence of Manfred's wise and vigorous rule in the south, it looked for a while as though the ambitious designs of the papacy were permanently crushed, and that the Italian Inquisition might come to an untimely end. Inquisitors were no longer able to move around in safety, even in the Roman province, and prelates and cities were ordered to provide them with a sufficient guard in all their journeys. An indication of the popular feeling, is afforded by the action taken in 1264 by the people of Bergamo, greatly to the indignation of the roman curia, to defend themselves against the arbitrary methods of inquisitorial procedure. They enacted that any one cited or excommunicated for heresy or fautorship might take an oath before the prosecutor or bishop that he held the faith of the Church of Rome in all its details, and then another oath before the podestà binding, himself to pay one hundred sols every time that he deviated from it; after this he could not be cited outside of the city, and was eligible to any municipal office within it, while the magistrates were to defend him at the public expense against any such citation or excommunication. Yet outside of Uberto's territories and influence the business of the Inquisition in Lombardy went steadily on. In 1265 and 1266 Clement IV. is found issuing instructions as to the duties and appointment of inquisitors as vigorously as though there were no
impediments to their functions. It seemed only a question of time, however, when the districts yet open should be closed to them. *
There have been few revolutions more pregnant with results than that which occurred when the popes, renouncing the hope of acquiring, for themselves the kingdom of Sicily, and vainly tempting, Edmond, son of Henry III. of England, succeeded in arousing the ambition of Charles of Anjou, and caused a crusade to be preached everywhere in his behalf. The papacy fully recognized the supreme importance of the issue, and staked everything upon it. The treasures of salvation were poured forth with unstinted hand, and plenary indulgences were given to all who would contribute a fourth of their income or a tenth of their property. The temporal treasury of the Church was drawn upon with equal liberality. Three years' tithe of all ecclesiastical revenues in France and Flanders were granted to Charles, and when all this proved insufficient, Clement IV. sacrificed the property of the Roman churches without hesitation. An effort to raise one hundred thousand livres by pledging it brought in only thirty thousand, and then he pawned for fifty thousand more the plate and jewels of the Holy See. He could truly answer Charles's increasing demands for money to support his naked and starving crusaders by declaring that he had done all he could, and that he was completely exhausted--he had no mountains and rivers of gold, and could not turn earth and stones into coin. So utter was his penury that the cardinals iv, ere reduced to living at the expense of the monasteries; and when the Abbot of Casa Dei complained of the number quartered on him, he was told that lie would be relieved of the Cardinal of Ostia, but that lie must support the rest. Afore permanent relief, however, was found at the expense of the foreigner by assigning to
* Potthast No. 17984-5.-- Arch. de Care. ( Doat, XXXI. 216).-Ripoll I. 402, 460, 462, 466, 469, 478.-- Raynald. ann. 1260, No. 12.--Mag. Bull. Rom. I. 119. The bull threatening the people of Bergamo with interdict for their legislation is by Urban IV. and dated in 1264, as found in the archives of the Inquisition of Carcassonne ( Doat, XXX. 288), while Ripoll ( I. 499) gives it as by Clement IV. in 1265, showing that the Bergamese were obstinate. Bergamo had been under interdict for adhering to Frederic and Conrad, and had only been reconciled after the death of till, litter in 1255 ( Ripoll I. 268).
Vainly Pallavicino sought to prevent the passage of the crusaders through Lombardy. The fate of Italy--one may almost say of the papacy--was decided, February 26, 1266, on the plain of Benevento, where Guelf and Ghibelline from all portions of the Peninsula faced each other. Had Charles been defeated it would have fared ill with the Holy See. Europe had looked with aversion on the prostitution of its spiritual power to advance its temporal interests, and success alone could serve as a justification, in an age when men looked on the battle ordeal as recording the judgment of God. In the previous August, Clement had despairingly answered Charles's demands for money by declaring that he had none and could get none--that England was hostile, that Germany was almost openly in revolt, that France groaned and complained, that Spain scarce sufficed for her internal necessities, and that Italy did not furnish her own share of expenses. After the battle, however, he could exultingly write, in May, to Cardinal Ottoboni of San Adriano, his legate in England, that "Charles of Anjou holds in peace the whole kingdom of that pestilent man, obtaining his putrid body, his wife, his children, and his treasure," adding that already the Mark of Ancona had returned to obedience, that Florence, Siena, Pistoja, and Pisa had submitted, that envoys had come from Uberto and Piacenza, and that others were expected from Cremona and Genoa; and on June 1 lie announced the submission of Uberto and of Piacenza and Cremona. †
Although one by one Pallavicino's cities revolted from him in the general terror, his submission was only to gain time, and in 1267 he risked another cast of the die by joining in the invitation to Italy of the young Conradin, but the defeat and capture of that prince at Tagliacozza, in August, 1268, followed by his barbarous execution in October, extinguished the house of Suabia and the hopes of the Ghibellines. Charles of Anjou was master of Italy; he was created imperial vicar in Tuscany; even in the
north we find him this year appointing Adalberto de' Gamberti as podestà in Piacenza. Before the close of 1268 Pallavicino died, broken with age and in utter misery, while besieged in his castle of Gusaliggio by the Piacenzans and Parmesans. For a presumed heretic he made a good end, surrounded by Dominicans and Franciscans, confessing his sins and receiving the viaticum, so that, as a pious chronicler observes, we may humbly believe that his soul was saved. Despite the calumnies of the papalists, he left the reputation of a man of sterling worth, of lofty aims, and of great capacity. As for Rainerio Saccone, the last glimpse we have of him is in July, 1262, when Urban IV. orders him to come with all possible speed for consultation on a matter of moment, defraying, from the proceeds of the confiscations, all expenses for horses and other necessaries on the journey. His expulsion from Milan had evidently not diminished his importance. *
Under these circumstances, the long interregnum of nearly three years, which occurred after the death of Clement IV., in 1268, made little difference. Henceforth there was to be no refuge for heresy. The Inquisition could be organized everywhere, and could perform its functions unhampered. By this time, too, its powers, its duties, and its mode of procedure had become thoroughly defined and universally recognized, and neither prelate nor potentate dared to call them in question. As already stated, in 1254, Innocent IV. had divided the Peninsula between the two Orders, giving Genoa and Lombardy to the Dominicans, and central and southern Italy to the Franciscans. To the provinces of Rome and Tuscany were allotted two inquisitors each, while for that of St. Francis, or Spoleto, one was deemed sufficient, but in 1261 each inquisitor was furnished with two assistants, and the provincials were instructed to appoint as many more as might be asked for, so that the holy work might be prosecuted with full vigor. Lombardy, as we have seen, had eight inquisitors, and when the Dominicans divided that province, in 1304, the number was increased to ten, seven being assigned to Upper and three to Lower Lombardy. For a while the March of Treviso and Ro-
magnola were intrusted to the Franciscans, but, as stated above (Vol. I. p. 477), their extortions were so unendurable that, in 1302, Boniface VIII. transferred these districts to the Dominicans, without thereby relieving the people. * No time had been lost in enforcing, unity of belief in the territories redeemed from Ghibelline control. As early as February, 1259, the Franciscan Minister of Bologna was ordered to appoint two friars as inquisitors in Romagnola. At Vicenza, no sooner was quiet restored after the death of Ezzelin than Frà Giovanni Schio was sent thither to remove the excommunication incurred by the people in consequence of their subjection to Ezzelin. The ceremony was symbolic of the scourging inflicted on penitents. The podestà and council assembled at the usual place of meeting, whence they marched in pairs to the cathedral. At the south portal stood Giovanni with seven priests, and as the magistrates entered they touched each one lightly with rods, after which the rites of absolution were solemnly performed. The exiled bishop, Bortolamio, on his return from England had tarried with St. Louis, whose confessor he had been in Palestine, where he had served as papal legate during the saintly king's crusade. As soon as be heard of the death of Ezzelin he hastened homeward, bearing with him the priceless treasures of a thorn of the crown and a piece of the cross which St. Louis had bestowed upon him in parting. At once he commenced to build the great Dominican church and convent of the Santa Corona. The site chosen was on the most elevated spot in the city, known as the Colle, and among the buildings destroyed to give place for it was the church of Santa Croce, which had been occupied by the heretics as their place of assembly and worship. We are told that the presence of the relies worked the miracle of relieving the city of its three leading sins-avarice, heresy, and discord. As for heresy, the miracle lay in the unlooked-for conversion of the chief heretic of the district, Gieremia, known as the Archbishop of the Mark, who, with his son Alticlero, made public recantation. The heretic bishop, Viviano Bogolo, fled to Pavia, where he was recognized and burned. His two deacons, Olderico da Marola and Tolomeo, with eight others,
probably Perfects, were obstinate, and were promptly burned. These examples were sufficient. The "credentes" furnished no further martyrs, and heresy, at least in its outward manifestation, was extinguished. * In some places, unblessed with such wonder-working relics, however, the Inquisition had much greater trouble in establishing orthodoxy. In Piacenza it is said to have found the burning of twenty-eight wagon loads of heretics necessary. At Sermione for sixteen years the inhabitants defiantly refused to allow persecution. Though Catholic themselves, they continued to afford protection to heretics, who naturally flocked thither as one refuge after another was rendered unsafe by the zeal of the inquisitors. It was in vain that Frà Timedeo, the inquisitor, obtained evidence by sending there a female spy, named Costanza da Bergamo, who pretended to be a heretic, received the consolamentum, and was then unreservedly admitted to their secrets. At last the scandal of such ungodly toleration became unendurable, and the Bishop of Verona prevailed upon Mastino and Alberto della Scala of Verona, and Pinamonte de' Bonacolsi of Mantua, to reduce Sermione to obedience. It was obliged to submit in 1276, delivering up no less than one hundred and seventy-four perfected heretics, and humbly asking, to be restored to Catholic unity, with a pledge to stand to the mandates of the Church. Frà Filippo Bonaccorso, the Inquisitor of Treviso, applied to John XXI. for instructions as to the treatment of the penitent community. The pope was a humane and cultured man who cared more for poetry than theology, and be was disposed to be lenient with repentant sinners. He instructed Frà Filippo to remove the interdict if the town would appoint a syndic to abjure heresy in its name, and to swear in future to seize all heretics and deliver them to the Inquisition, any infraction of the oath to work a renewal, ipso facto, of the interdict. Every inhabitant was then to appear personally before the inquisitor, and make full confession of everything relating to heresy, to abjure, and to accept such penance as might be assigned --all infamous penalties, disabilities, imprisonment, and confiscation being mercifully excluded. Full records were to be kept of
each case, and any withholding of the truth or subsequent relapse was to expose the delinquent to the full rigor of the law. Obstinate heretics were to be dealt with according to the canons, and of these there Av, ere found seventy, whom Frà Filippo duly condemned, and had the satisfaction of seeing burned. To insure the future purity of the faith, in 1278 a Franciscan convent was built at Sermione with the proceeds of a fine of four thousand lire levied upon Verona as one of the conditions of removing the interdict incurred by its upholding the cause of the unfortunate Conradin; and in 1289 Ezzelin's castle of Illasio was given to some of the nobles who had been conspicuous in the reduction of Sermione, as a reward for their service, and to stimulate them in the future to continue their support of the Inquisition. *
Thus heresy, deprived of all protection, was gradually stamped out, and the Inquisition established its power in every corner of the land. How that power was abused to oppress the faithful with ingeniously devised schemes of extortion we have already seen. In fact, in the territories which bad once been Ghibelline, it was impossible for any man, no matter how rigid his orthodoxy, to be safe from prosecution if he chanced to provoke the ill-will of the officials, or possessed wealth to excite their cupidity. So successful had the Church been in confounding political opposition with heresy that the mere fact of having adhered of necessity to Ezzelin during the period of his unquestioned domination long continued sufficient to justify prosecution for heresy, entailing, the desirable result of confiscation. When Ezzelin's generation passed away, the memory of the dead was assailed and the descendants were disinherited. In all this there was no pretence of errors of faith, but the men to whom the Church intrusted the awful powers of the Inquisition seemed implacably determined to erase from the land every trace of those who had once dared to resist its authority. At last, in 1304, the authorities of Vicenza appealed to Benedict XI. no longer to allow the few survivors of Ezzelin's party and their descendants to be thus cruelly wronged, and the pope graciously granted their petition. By this time the empire was but a shadow; Ghibellinism represented no living force that
* Annal. Mediolanens. cap. 31 ( Muratori, S. R. I. XVI. 662).-- Muratori Antiq. Ital. XII. 513.--Wadding, ann. 1277, No. 10, 11; 1278, No. 33; 1289, No. 18. the papacy could reasonably dread, and its persecution had long been merely the gratification of greed or malice. *
The triumph of the Inquisition had not been effected wholly without resistance. In 1277 Frà Corrado Pagano undertook a raid against the heretics of the Valtelline. It was, doubtless, organized on an extended scale, for he took with him two associates and two notaries. This would indicate that heretics were numerous; the event showed that they did not lack protectors, for Corrado da Venosta, one of the most powerful nobles of the region, cut short the enterprise by slaughtering the whole party, on St. Stephen's day, December 26. Pagano had been a most zealous persecutor of heresy, and when his body was brought to Como it lay there for eight days before interment, with wounds freshly bleeding, showing that lie was a martyr of God, and justifying the title bestowed on him by his Dominican brethren of St. Pagano of Como. His relies are still preserved there and are the objects of a local cult. Nicholas III. made every effort to avenge the murder, even invoking the assistance of Rodolf of Hapsburg, and his joy was extreme when, in November, 1279, the podestà and people of Bergamo succeeded in capturing Corrado and his accomplices. He at once ordered their delivery, under safe escort, to the inquisitors, Anselmo da Alessandria, Daniele da Giussano, and Guidone da Coconate, who were instructed to inflict a punishment sufficient to intimidate others from imitating their wickedness, and all the potentates of Lombardy were commanded to co-operate in their safe conveyance. †
The same year that justice was thus vindicated, a popular ebullition in Parma shows how slender was the hold which the Inquisition possessed on the people. Frà Florio had been diligent in the exercise of his functions, and we are told that he had burned innumerable heretics, when, in 1279, he chanced at Parma to have before him a woman guilty of relapse. It was a matter of course to condemn her to relaxation, and she was duly burned. In place of being piously impressed by the spectacle the Parmesans were
inspired by Satan to indignation which expressed itself by sacking the Dominican convent, destroying the records of the Inquisition, and maltreating the friars so that one of them died within a few days. The Dominicans thereupon abandoned the ungrateful city, marching out in solemn procession. The magistrates showed singular indifference as to punishing this misdeed, and when summoned by the Cardinal Legate of Ostia, the representatives who presented themselves lacked the necessary authority, so that, after vainly waiting for satisfaction, he laid an interdict upon the city. This was not removed till 1282, and even then the guilty were not punished. In 1285 we find Honorius IV. taking up the matter afresh and summoning the Parmesans to send delegates to him within a month to receive sentence; what that sentence was does not appear, but in 1287 the humbled citizens petitioned the Dominicans to return, received them with great honor, and voted them one thousand lire, in annual instalments of two hundred lire, wherewith to build a church. So stubborn was the opposition elsewhere to the Inquisition and its ways, that in 1287 the Provincial Council of Milan still deemed it necessary to decree that any member of a municipal government in any city within the province who should urge measures favoring heretics should be deemed suspect of heresy, and should forfeit any fiefs or benefices held of the Church. *
Even in the Patrimony of St. Peter resistance was not wholly at an end. In 1254, when the papacy was triumphant, Innocent IV. urged the inquisitors of Orvieto and Anagni to take advantage of the propitious time and act with the utmost vigor. In 1258 Alexander IV. sounded the alarm that heresy was increasing even in Rome itself, and he pressingly urged increased activity on the inquisitors and greater zeal in their support by the bishops. Their efforts were not wholly successful. Twenty years later a knight named Pandolfo still made his stronghold of Castro Siriani, near Anagni, a receptacle of heretics. Frà Sinibaldo di Lago, the in-
quisitor of the Roman province, made various ineffectual attempts to prosecute him, and in 1278 Nicholas III. sent his notary, Master Benedict, with offers of pardon in return for obedience, but the heretics were obdurate, and Nicholas was forced to order Orso Orsini, Marshal of the Church in Tuscany, to levy troops and give Frà Sinibaldo armed assistance sufficient to enable him to coerce them to penitence. A similar enterprise against the Viterbian noble, Capello di Chia, in 1260, has already been described (Vol. I. p. 342). In this case the zeal of the Viterbians, who levied an army to assist the inquisitor, must have had some political motive, for their city was of evil repute in the matter of heresy. In 1265, encouraged by the assistance of Manfred, the people had risen against the Inquisition and had only been subdued after a bloody fight in which two friars were slain. In 1279 Nicholas expresses his regret that although, while he had been inquisitor-general, he had labored strenuously to purge Viterbo of heresy, his labors had been unsuccessful. Heretics were still concealed there, and the whole city was infected. Frà Sinibaldo was therefore ordered to go thither to make a thorough inquisition of the place. *
Earnest and unsparing as were the labors of the inquisitors, it seemed impossible to eradicate heresy. Its open manifestations were readily suppressed when the Ghibelline chiefs who protected it were destroyed, but in secret it still flourished and maintained its organization. In the inquest held on the memory of Armanno Pongilupo of Ferrara there is a good deal of testimony which shows not only the activity and success of the Inquisition of that city, but the continued existence of heresy throughout the whole region. There are allusions to numerous heretics in Vicenza, Bergamo, Rimini, and Verona. In the latter city a lady-in-waiting of the Marchesa d'Este, named Spera, was burned in 1270, and about the same time there were two Catharan bishops there, Alberto and Bonaventura Belesmagra. In 1273 Lorenzo was Bishop of Sermione, and Giovanni da Casaletto was Bishop of Mantua. There was a secret organization extending through all the Italian cities, with visitors and filii majores performing their rounds, and messengers
were constantly passing to and fro, elaborate arrangements being made for secreting them. Those who were in prison were kept supplied with necessaries by their brethren at large, who never knew at what moment they might be incarcerated. From the sentences of Bernard Gui we know that until the fourteenth century was fairly advanced the Cathari of Languedoc still looked to Italy as to a haven of refuge; that pilgrims thither had no trouble in finding their fellow-believers in Lombardy, in Tuscany, and in the kingdom of Sicily; that when the French churches were broken up those who sought to be admitted to the circle of the Perfect, or to renew their consolamentum, resorted to Lombardy, where they could always find ministers authorized to perform the rites. When Amiel de Perles had forfeited his ordination a conference was held in which it was determined that he should be sent with an associate to "the Ancient of the Heretics," Bernard Audoyn de Montaigu, in Lombardy for reconciliation; and on another occasion we hear of Bernard himself visiting Toulouse on business connected with the propagation of the faith. * How difficult, indeed, was the task of the inquisitor in detecting heresy under the mask of orthodoxy is curiously illustrated by the case of Armanno Pongilupo himself. In Ferrara heretics were numerous. Armanno's parents were both Cathari; he was a "consolatus" and his wife a "consolata." In 1254 he was detected and imprisoned; he confessed and abjured, and was released. From his Catharan bishop he received absolution for his oath of abjuration, and was received back into the sect. From this time until his death, in 1269, he was unceasingly engaged in propagating Catharan doctrines and in ministering to the wants of his less fortunate brethren in the clutches of the Inquisition, which was exceedingly active and successful. Meanwhile he preserved an exterior of the strictest Catholicism; he was regular in attendance at the altar and confessional, and wholly devoted to piety and good works. He died in the odor of sanctity, was buried in the cathedral, and immediately he began to work miracles. Ile was soon reverenced as a saint. A magnificent tomb arose over his remains, an altar was erected, and, as the miraculous manifestations of his
* Muratori Antiq. Ital. XII. 513-14, 521-3, 537-8.--Lib. Sententt. Inq. Tolosan. pp. 2, 3, 12, 13, 32, 68, 75, 76, 81, etc. sanctity multiplied, his chapel became filled with images and exvotos, to the no little profit of the church fortunate enough to possess him. Adored as a saint in the popular cult, there came a general demand for his canonization, in which the pride of the city was warmly enlisted, but which was steadfastly opposed by the Inquisition. In the confessions of heretics before it the name of Armanno constantly recurred as that of one of the most active and trusted members of the sect, and ample evidence accumulated as to his unrepentant heresy. Then arose a curious conflict, waged on both sides with unremitting vigor for thirty-two years. Hardly had the remains been committed to honorable sepulture in the cathedral when Frà Aldobrandini, the inquisitor who had tried him in 1254, ordered the archpriest and chapter to exhume and burn the corpse, and on their refusal excommunicated them and placed the cathedral under interdict. From this they appealed to Gregory X. and set to work to gather the evidence for canonization. For this purpose at different times five several inquests were held and superabundant testimony was forthcoming as to the success with which his suffrage was invoked, how the sick were healed, the blind made to see, and the halt to walk, while numerous priests bore emphatic witness to his pre-eminent piety during, life. Gregory and Aldobrandini passed away leaving the matter unsettled. Frà Florio, the next inquisitor, sent to Rome expressly to urge Honorius IV. to come to a decision, but Honorius died without concluding the matter. On the accession of Boniface VIII., in 1294, Frà Guido da Vicenza, then inquisitor, again visited Rome to procure a termination of the affair. Still the contending forces were too evenly balanced for either to win. At length the Lord of Ferrara, Azzo X., interposed, for the contest between the inquisitor and the secular clergy seriously threatened the peace of the city. In 1300 Boniface appointed a commission to make a thorough investigation, with power to decide finally, and in 1301 sentence was rendered to the effect that Armanno had died a relapsed heretic; that no one should believe him to be anything but a heretic; that his bones should be exhumed and burned, the sarcophagus containing them and the altar erected before it be destroyed; that all statues, images, ex-votos, and other offerings set up in his honor in the cathedral and other Ferrarese churches should be removed within ten days; and that all his property, real and personal, was confiscated to the Inquisition, any sales or conveyances made of them during the thirty-two years which had elapsed since his death being void. Frà Guido's triumph was complete, and on the death Of the Bishop of Ferrara, in 1303, he was rewarded with the episcopate. Extraordinary as this case may seem, it was not unique. At Brescia a heresiarch named Guido Lacha was long adored as a saint by the people until the imposture was detected by the Inquisition, which caused his bones to be dug up and burned. *
This was the period of the greatest power and activity of the Inquisition, and the extent of its perfected organization is shown in a document of 1302, wherein Frà Guido da Tusis, Inquisitor of Romagnola, publishes in the communal council of Rimini the names of thirty-nine officials whom he has selected as his assistants. The expenses of such a body could not have been light, and to defray them there must have been a constant stream of fines and confiscations pouring into the inquisitorial treasury, showing an abundant harvest of heresy and active work in its suppression. † It was probably between 1320 and 1330 that was produced the treatise of Zanghino Ugolini, so often quoted above. Frà Donato da Sant' Agata had been appointed Inquisitor of Romagnola, and the learned jurisconsult of Rimini drew up for his instruction a summary of the rules governing, inquisitorial procedure, which is one of the clearest and best manuals of practice that we possess.
A singular episode of lenity occurred not long before, which is not to be passed over, although inexplicable in itself and unproductive of consequences. Its importance, indeed, lies in the evidence which it affords that the extreme severity of the laws against heresy was recognized as really unnecessary, since its relaxation in favor of a single community as a matter of favor would otherwise have been a crime against the faith. In February, 1286, Honorius IV., in consideration of the fidelity manifested by the people of
Tuscany to the Roman Church, and especially to him before his elevation, relieved them individually and universally from the penalties for heresy, including all disabilities decreed by his predecessors and by Frederic II., whether incurred by their own errors or by those of their ancestors. Catholic children of heretic parents were thus ipso facto restored to all privileges and were no longer liable to disinheritance. In the case of existing heretics it was necessary for them to appear before the inquisitors within a time to be named by the latter--excepting absentees in foreign lands, to whom a term of five months was allowed--to abjure heresy and receive penance, which was to be a secret one, involving neither humiliation, disability, or loss of property. Cases of relapse, however, were to be treated with all the rigor of the law. As this bull abrogated in Tuscany the constitutions of Frederic II., it required confirmation by Rodolph of Hapsburg, which was duly procured. For a while this extraordinary privilege seems to have been observed, for, in 1289, Nicholas IV., when anathematizing heretics and stimulating the zeal of inquisitors throughout Genoa, Lombardy, Romagnola, Naples, and Sicily, pointedly omits Tuscany from his enumeration. In time, however, it was either repealed or disregarded. No case could come more completely within its purview than that already referred to of Gherardo of Florence, dying prior to 1250 and prosecuted in 1313. His numerous children and grandchildren were good Catholics, and yet they were all disinherited and subjected to the canonical disabilities. *
Together with this exhibition of papal indulgence may be classed the occasional interference of the Holy See to moderate the rigor of the canons, or to repress the undue zeal of an inquisitor, when the sufferer had influence or money enough to attract the papal attention. It is pleasant to record three instances of this kind on the part of the despotic Boniface VIII., when, in 1297, he declared that Rainerio Gatti, a noble of Viterbo, and his sons had been prosecuted by the inquisitors on perjured testimony, wherefore the process was to be annulled and the accused and their heirs relieved from all stain of heresy; when, in 1298, he ordered the Inquisition to restore to the innocent children of a her-
etic the property confiscated by Frà Andrea the inquisitor, and when he ordered Frà Adamo da Como, the inquisitor of the Roman province, to desist from molesting Giovanni Ferraloco, a citizen of Orvieto, whom his predecessors, Angelo da Rieti and Leonardo da Tivoli, had declared absolved from heresy. This Frà Adamo apparently rendered his office a terror to the innocent. May 8, 1293, we find him compelling Pierre d'Araoon, a gentleman of Carcassonne who chanced to be in Rome, to give him security in the heavy sum of one hundred marks to present himself within three months to the Inquisition of Carcassonne and obey its mandates. Pierre accordingly appeared before Bertrand de Clermont on June 19, and was closely examined, and then again on August 16, but nothing was discovered against him. Whether or not he recovered his one hundred marks from Frà Adamo does not appear, but the incident affords an illustration at once of the perfected organization of the Holy Office, and of the dangers which surrounded travellers in the countries where it flourished. *
The Inquisition was thus thoroughly established and at work in northern and central Italy, and heresy was gradually disappearing before its remorseless and incessant energy. To escape it many had fled to Sardinia, but in 1258 that island was added to the inquisitorial province of Tuscany, and inquisitors were sent thither to track the fugitives in their retreats. † There were two regions, however, Venice and the Two Sicilies, which thus far we have not considered, as they were in some sort independent of the movement which we have traced in the rest of the Peninsula. Naples, like the other portions of southern Europe, had been exposed to the infection of heresy. At an early period missionaries from Bulgaria had penetrated the passes of the southern Apennines, and, in that motley population of Greek and Saracen and Norman, proselytes had not been lacking. The Norman kings, usually at enmity with the Holy See, had not cared to inquire too closely into the orthodoxy of their subjects, and had they done so the independence of the feudal baronage would have rendered
minute perquisition by no means easy. The allusions of the Abbot Joachim of Flora to the Cathari indicate that their existence and doctrines were familiar facts in Calabria, though as Rainerio makes no allusion to any Catharan church in Italy south of Florence it is presumable that the sectaries were widely scattered and unorganized. In 1235, when the Dominican convent in Naples was broken into by a mob and several of the friars were grievously wounded, Gregory IX. attributed the violence to friends of heretics. * Frederic II., however much at times his policy might lead him to proclaim ferocious edicts of persecution, and even spasmodically to enforce them, had no convictions of his own to render him persistent in persecution, and his lifelong contest with the papacy gave him, secretly at least, a fellow-feeling with all who resisted the supremacy of the Holy See, whether in temporal or spiritual concerns. Occasional attacks such as that under the auspices of the Archbishop of Reggio, in 1231, or the form of secular inquisition which he instituted in 1233, had little permanent effect. Cathari driven from Languedoc, who perhaps found even Lombardy insecure, were tolerably sure of refuge in the wild and secluded valleys of Calabria and the Abruzzi, lying aside from the great routes of travel. The domination in Naples of Innocent IV. was too brief for the organization of any systematized persecution, and when Manfred reconquered the kingdom, although he seems to have felt his position too precarious to risk open toleration, and, under pressure from Jayme of Aragon, he ordered Bishop Vivian of Toulouse and his disciples, who had settled in Apulia, to leave his dominions, yet he went no further in active measures of repression. †
Charles of Anjou came as a crusader and as the champion of the Church. Scarce was his undisputed domination assured by the execution of Conradin, October 29, 1268, than we see him zealously employed in establishing the Inquisition throughout the kingdom. Numerous royal letters of 1269 show it actively at work, and manifest the solicitude of the king that the stipends and
† Raynald. ann. 1231, No. 19. -- Rich. de S. German. Chron. ann. 1233. -Giannone, Ist. Civ. di Napoli, Lib. XVII. c. 6, Lib. XIX. c. 5.--Vaissette, IV. 17. the expenses of the inquisitors should be provided for, and that every assistance should be rendered by the public officials. Each inquisitor was furnished with a letter which placed all the forces of the State at his unreserved command. The Neapolitan Inquisition was fully manned. There was one inquisitor for Bari and the Capitanata, one for Otranto, and one for the Terra di Lavoro and the Abruzzi; and in 1271 one was added for Calabria and one for Sicily. Most of them were Dominicans, but we meet with at least one Franciscan, Frà Benvenuto. Yet no buildings or prisons seem to have been provided for them. The royal jails were placed at their disposal, and the keepers were instructed to torture prisoners on requisition from the inquisitors. Even as late as 1305 this arrangement appears to be in force. *
Charles's zeal did not confine itself to thus organizing, and promoting the Inquisition. He supplemented its labors by instituting raids on heretics conducted under his own auspices. Thus, although there was an inquisitor for the Abruzzi, we find him, December 13, 1269, sending thither the Cavaliere Berardo da Rajano with instructions to investigate and seize heretics and their fautors. The utmost diligence was enjoined on him, and the local officials were ordered to assist him in every way, but there is no allusion to his mission being in co-operation with the inquisitor. Another significant manifestation of Charles's devotion is seen in his founding, in 1274, and richly endowing for the Dominicans the splendid church of San Piero Martire, in Naples, and stimulating his nobles to follow his example in showering wealth upon it. Yet fifty years afterwards, in 1324, the building was still incomplete for lack of funds, when King Robert aided the construction with fifty ounces of gold, which be ordered the inquisitors to pay out of the royal third of the confiscations coming into their hands. This is interesting as showing how, in Naples, the profitable side of persecution was wholly under the control of the Holy Office. †
Few details have been preserved to us of the activity of the Inquisition in Naples. We know that heretics continued to exist there, but the wild and mountainous character of much of the country doubtless afforded them abundant opportunities of safe asylum. Already, in August, 1269, a letter of Charles ordering the seizure of sixty-eight heretics designated by Frà Benvenuto shows that the work was being energetically prosecuted, and in another letter of March 14, 1270, there is an allusion to three others whom Frà Matteo di Castellamare had recently caused to be burned in Benevento. The inquisitors of Languedoc, moreover, made haste, as early as 1269, to send agents to Naples to hunt the refugees whom their severity had driven there, and Charles ordered every assistance to be rendered to them, which, perhaps, explains the success of Frà Benvenuto. Yet the perpetual necessity for royal interposition leads to the inference that the Inquisition was not nearly so effective in Naples as it proved in Languedoc and Loinbardy. The royal authority seems to be required at every turn, partly because the king allowed little independent initiative to the inquisitors, and partly, perhaps, because the local officials did not lend as hearty a co-operation as they might have done. Thus the Neapolitan Inquisition, even under the Angevines, seems never to have attained the compact and effective organization of which we have seen the results elsewhere, though Charles II. was an eager persecutor who stimulated the zeal of his inquisitors, and his son Robert earned the name of the Pious. In 1305 we shall see Frà Tommaso di Aversa active in persecuting the Spiritual Franciscans, and in 1311, King Robert, at the instance of Frà Matteo da Ponza, ordered that all newly converted Jews should live scattered among Christians, so as not to be tempted back to Judaism. *
The ineffectiveness of the Neapolitan Inquisition is seen in the comparative security which attended an organized immigration of Waldenses from the valleys of the Cottian Alps. It was probably about 1315 that Zanino del Poggio, a Milanese noble, led forth the first band from Savoy, under specified guarantees of lands and privileges, after the intending emigrants had received the report of deputies sent in advance to survey the promised refuge. Fresh
bands came to join them and a group of villages sprang up-Guardia Piemontese, or Borgo degli Oltremontani, Argentina, La Rocca, Vaccarizzo, and San Vincenzo in Calabria, while in Apulia there were Monteleone, Montanto, Faito, La Cella, and Matta. These were regularly visited by the "barbes," or missionary pastors, who spent their lives wandering around among the scattered churches, administering the consolations of religion and watching over the purity of the faith. The fierce persecutions conducted by François Borel led to further emigration on an enlarged scale, which naturally sought the Neapolitan territories as a haven of rest, until Apulia came to be regarded as the headquarters of the sect. That considerable bodies of heretics could thus establish themselves and flourish argues great negligence on the part of the Inquisition. In fact, its recognized inefficiency was shown as early as 1326, when John XXII. was in pursuit of some Fraticelli who had fled to Calabria; instead of calling upon the inquisitors he applied to King Robert and to the Duke of Calabria to capture them and hand them over to the episcopal tribunals. *
When, as the result of the Sicilian Vespers in 1282, the Island of Sicily passed into the hands of Pedro III. of Aragon, it was placed in the bitterest antagonism towards the Holy See, and no active persecution is to be looked for. In fact, in 1285, Martin IV., in ordering a crusade preached against Pedro, gives as one of the four reasons alleged in justification that heresy was multiplying in the island, and that inquisitors were prevented from visiting it. It was not till 1302 that Boniface VIII. was brought to accept the accomplished fact, and to acknowledge Frederic of Aragon as King of Trinacria. The Inquisition soon followed. In 1304 we find Benedict XI. ordering Frederic to receive and give all due assistance to Frà Tommaso di Aversa the inquisitor, and all other inquisitors who may be sent thither. The pope, however,
did not erect it into a separate tribunal, but instructed the Holy Office of the mainland that its jurisdiction extended over both sides of the Faro. Yet the introduction of the Inquisition in the island was nominal rather than real except, as we shall see, with regard to the Templars, and Sicily long remained a safe refuge for the persecuted Fraticelli. Doubtless Arnaldo de Vilanova contributed to this by the picture which he presented to Frederic of the inquisitors of the day. They were a diabolical pest, trafficking in their offices, converting themselves into demons, never edifying the faithful, but rather making them infidels, as they abandoned themselves to hatred, greed, and lust, with no one to condemn them or to repress their fury. When, in 1328, the Archbishop of Palermo arrested a Fraticello, appeal was at once made to Frederic, and John XXII. wrote to the archbishop urgently commanding that the sect be extirpated, showing apparently that there was no Inquisition then at work. *
The Republic of Venice was always a law unto itself. Though forming part of the March of Treviso, its predominant interests in the thirteenth century lay to the east of the Adriatic, and it did not become a formidable power on the mainland until the acquisition of Treviso in 1339. That of Padua, in 1405, followed by Verona, Vicenza, Feltre, Belluno, and Brescia, greatly increased its strength, and in 1448 it wrenched Bergamo from the dukes of Milan. Thus its policy with regard to the Inquisition eventually controlled the whole of the March of Treviso, and a considerable portion of Lombardy.
That policy held at bay in all things the pretensions of the Holy See, and looked with extreme suspicion on whatever might give the popes an excuse for interference with either the domestic policy or the foreign enterprises of the Signoria. Fairly orthodox, though not bigoted, Venice held aloof from the strife between Guelf and Ghibelline, and was not involved in the anathemas lavished upon Ezzelin da Romano. Venice, in fact, was the basis of operations in the crusade against him, and it was a Venetian who
led the expedition up the Brenta which captured Padua. Yet the republic made no haste to join in the movement for the extermination of heresy so energetically pushed by Gregory IX. and his successors. The Constitutions of Frederic II. were never inscribed in its statute-books. In 1229 the official oath of the Doge Giacopo Tiepoli, which, as is customary, contains the criminal code of the day, embodies no allusion to heresy or its suppression, and the same is true of the criminal statute of 1232 published by the same doge. *
It was about this time that the Inquisition was developed with all the aggressive energy of which Gregory IX. was capable, but it found no foothold in Venice. Yet the duty to punish heresy was at length recognized, though the civil authorities would abate no jot of their right to control the administration of justice in spiritual as well as in temporal matters. The official oath taken in 1249 by the Doge Marino Morosini contains a promise that certain upright and discreet and Catholic men shall be appointed, with the advice of the Council, to inquire after heretics. All heretics, moreover, who shall be delivered to the secular arm by the Archbishop of Grado or other bishops of the Venetian territories shall be duly burned, under the advice of the Council, or of a majority of its members. Thus a kind of secular Inquisition was established to search after heretics. The ancient jurisdiction of the episcopal courts was alone recognized, but the judgment of the bishops was subject to revision by the Council before the death-penalty could be inflicted. †
This could by no means be satisfactory to the papacy, and when the death of Frederic II. led to an immediate effort to extend the Inquisition through the territories hitherto closed to it, Venice was not forgotten. By a bull of June 11, 1251, Innocent IV. ordered the Frati Vicenzo of Milan, and Giovanni of Vercelli, to proceed to Venice and persecute heretics there with the same powers as those exercised by inquisitors elsewhere in Lombardy. Whether the good friars made the attempt to exercise these powers is questionable; if they did so, their ill-success is unquestionable. There is a document of 1256 which contains an oath to pur-
sue heretics and to denounce them, not to the ecclesiastical tribunals, but to the doge or to the magistrates--an oath presumably administered to the secular inquisitors established in 1249. The same document contains a clause which indicates that the deathpenalty threatened in 1249 had already been abrogated. It classes Cathari and usurers together: it alludes to the punishment decreed for those convicted of relapse into either sin, and shows that this was not capital, by providing that if the convict is a foreigner he shall be banished from Venice, but if a citizen he shall not be banished. Yet the death-penalty seems to have been restored soon afterwards, for, in 1275, the oath of Giacomo Contarini is the same as that of 1249, with the unimportant addition that the judgment of an episcopal vicar during, the vacancy of a see can be substituted for that of a bishop. *
As the pressure of the Inquisition extended throughout Lombardy and the Marches, the persecuted heretics naturally sought a refuge in Venetian territory, where supervision was so much more negligent. It was in vain that about 1286 Frà Filippo of Mantua, the Inquisitor of Treviso, was sent by Honorius IV. with a summons to the republic to inscribe in its laws the constitutions against heresy of Frederic and of the popes. Although the example of the other cities of the Marca Trivigiana was urged, and Venice was repeatedly required to do the same, obedience was persistently refused. At length, in 1288, Nicholas IV. lost patience with this persistent contumacy. He peremptorily ordered the Signoria to adopt the imperial and papal laws, and commanded that the doge should swear not only not to impede the Inquisitor of Treviso in his duties, but to assist him. In default of obedience he threatened to proceed against the city both spiritually and temporally. †
The position of the republic was already indefensible under the public law of the period. It was so administering its own laws as to afford an asylum to a class universally proscribed, and it was refusing to allow the Church to apply the only remedy deemed appropriate to this crying evil. It therefore yielded to
the inevitable, but in a manner to preserve its own autonomy and independence. It absolutely refused to incorporate in its own statutes the papal and imperial laws, but, August 4, 1289, it empowered the doge, Giovanni Dandolo, to give assistance to the inquisitor, when called upon, without referring each case to the Senate. A further wise provision decreed that all fines and confiscations should inure to the State, which in turn undertook to defray the expenses of the Holy Office. These were not light, as, in addition to the cost of making arrests and maintaining prisoners, the inquisitor received the liberal salary of twelve ducats a month. For this purpose the proceeds of the corn-tax were set aside, and the money was deposited with the Provveditore delle Viare, who disbursed it on the requisition of the inquisitor. This compromise was accepted by Nicholas IV., August 28, 1288. and was duly embodied in the official oath of the next doge, Piero Gradenigo. Thus, while the inquisitor had full opportunity of suppressing heresy, the temptation to abuse his office for purposes of extortion was reduced to a minimum, and the State, by retaining, in its hands all the financial portion of the business, was able at any time to exercise control. * The Inquisition was unaccustomed to submit to control, and soon chafed under these limitations. Already, in 1292, Nicholas IV. complained to Piero Gradenigo that the terms of the agreement were not carried out. The inquisitors, Bonagiunta of Mantua and Giuliano of Padua, reported that the papal and imperial laws against heresy were not enforced, and that under the arrangement for expenditures they were unable to employ a force of familiars sufficient to detect and seize the heretics. Heresy consequently, they said, continued to flourish in Venetian territory, for all of which Nicholas bitterly scolded the doge, and demanded such changes as should remove these scandals, but without effect. The Signoria, apparently, had not seen fit to abolish the office of secular inquisitors provided by the legislation of 1249. These were three in number, and were known as the "tre Savi dell' eresia," or "assistenti." It was hardly possible that a duplicate organiza-
tion such as this could work without clashing. The situation became intolerable, and in 1301 Frà Antonio, the Inquisitor of Treviso, resolved to put an end to it. He notified the three Savi, Tommaso Viaro, Marino Zorzi, and Lorenzo Segico, to recognize no superior save himself. Their submission not being forthcoming, he proceeded to Venice, and addressed to the Doge Gradenigo a monition ordering him, under pain of excommunication, to swear to obey all the papal constitutions on heresy. Gradenigo refused, alleging that this would be a violation of his oath of office; the inquisitor withdrew his monition, and matters remained as before. Whatever hopes had been entertained that the entering wedge would enable the Inquisition to establish itself without restriction were foiled by the steadfastness of the republic. The three Savi continued their functions and, perhaps, even enlarged them; it had become customary for them to be selected from among the senators, and they acted in conjunction with the inquisitor in all cases coming, within his jurisdiction. As Venice extended her conquests on the mainland, in all cities under her domination the rettori or governors performed this function, and their participation was required in all prosecutions for heresy, not only by the inquisitor, but by the bishops. * In Italy, as in France, the history of the Inquisition during the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries is one of decadence. It is true that in Italy it had not to contend with the consolidation of power in the hands of a monarch, but the Captivitv of Avignon and the debasement of the papacy under the influence of the French court, co-operating with the rise of the cities in wealth and culture, conduced to the same result; while the Great Schism, followed by the Councils of Constance and Basle, tended to emancipate the minds of men and foster independence. During the fourteenth century much of the inquisitorial activity was devoted to the new heresy of the Fraticelli, which will be referred to hereafter when we come to consider that remarkable religious movement. That movement, indeed, was the chief exception to the
* Wadding. ann. 1292, No. 5.-- Albanese, L'Inquisizione nella Repubblica di Venezia, 1875, pp. 52-3.--Sarpi, loc. cit.-- Cecchetti, La Repubblica di Venezia e la Corte di Roma, Venezia, 1874, I. 18. decay in spiritual enthusiasm which diminished at once the veneration which the Inquisition inspired and the opposition of heterodoxy which constituted its raison d'être. As heretics grew fewer and poorer its usefulness decreased, its means of impressing the popular imagination disappeared, and its rewards grew less and less. As regards the Cathari, the Inquisition had done its work too well. Unceasing and unsparing repression gradually annihilated the sect which, during the first half of the thirteenth century, seemed almost able to dispute with Rome the possession of Italy on equal terms. Yet when we see that the Waldenses, exposed to the same merciless rigor, were not extinguished, we recognize that some other factor besides mere persecution was at work to obliterate a belief which once enjoyed so potent an influence on the human mind that thousands for its sake went joyfully to a dreadful death. The secret must be looked for in the hopeless pessimism of the faith itself. There was in it nothing to encourage and strengthen man in the battle of life. Manes had robbed the elder Mazdeism of its vitality when he assigned to the Evil Principle complete dominion over Nature and the visible universe, and when he adopted the Sankhya philosophy, which teaches that existence is an evil, while death is an emancipation for those who have earned spiritual immortality, and a mere renewal of the same hated existence for all who have not risen to the height of the austerest maceration. As civilization slowly advanced, as the midnight of the Dark Ages began to yield to the approaching dawn of modern ideas, as the hopelessness of humanity grew less abject, the Manichæan theory grew less attractive. The world was gradually awakening to new aims and new possibilities; it was outgrowing the dreary philosophy of pessimism, and was unconsciously preparing for the yet unknown future in which man was to regard Nature not as an enemy, but as a teacher. Catharism had no possibility of development, and in that lay its doom. The simple and earnest faith of the Waldenses, on the other band, inculcated helpfulness and hopefulness, patience under tribulation, and an abiding trust in the watchful care of the Heavenly Father. The arduous toil of the artisan or husbandman was blessed in the consciousness of the performance of a duty. The virtues which form the basis of all Christian society--industry, charity, self-abnegation, sobriety, chastity, thrift--were stimulated and cultivated, and man was taught that his fate, here and hereafter, depended on himself, and not on the ministration or mediation of his fellow-creatures, alive or dead. It was a faith which fitted man for the environment in which he had been placed by his Creator, and it was capable of adaptation to the infinite vicissitudes of human progress. Accordingly, it had proportionate vitality. Rooted out in one place, it grew in another. It responded too nearly to the needs and aspirations of multitudes ever to be wholly blotted out. There was always a propitious soil for its scattered seeds, and its resistance of inertia in the end proved too much for even the persistent energy of its destroyers. Yet in Italy the Cathari lasted long after they had disappeared from France. Driven from the plains of Lombardy and central Italy, they took refuge. in places less accessible. In 1340 we hear of them in Corsica, when Gerald, the Franciscan general, sent his friars thither, who succeeded in exterminating them for a time. In 1369 we again find Franciscans, under Frà Mondino da Bologna, zealously at work there, and earnestly supported by Gregory XI. In 1372 and 1373 Gregory wrote to the Bishops of Marrana and Ajaccio, and to Frà Gabriele da Montalcino, urging renewed activity, and, with singular lenity, authorizing them to remit the death-penalty in cases of single relapse. These hunted refugees were mostly in the forests and mountains, and to subdue them a chain of spiritual forts was established, in the shape of Franciscan houses. As late as 1397 a certain Frà Francesco was sent to Corsica in the double capacity of papal nuncio and inquisitor. *
On the mainland, in spite of the vigilance of the Inquisition, Cathari continued to exist in Piedmont. In 1388 Frà Antonio Secco of Savigliano had the good-fortune to lay bands on one of the active members of the sect, Giacomo Bech of Chieri, near Turin. The report of his examination before the inquisitor and the Bishop of Turin, which has been printed by Sig. Girolamo Amati, gives full details of the condition of the sect. After his tongue had been loosened by repeated applications of torture, his confes-
sion shows that it was numerous in the vicinage, and that it comprised members of many noble families -- the Patrizi, Bertoni, Petiti, Narro, and ancestors of Balbi and Cavour. Although in Italy, as in France, the name of Waldenses had become applicable to all heretics, and they were commonly designated by this name, they retained the moderated dualism of the Lombard Cathari. Satan fell from heaven, created the visible universe, and will finally return to glory. The law of Moses was dictated by him, and Moses was the greatest of sinners. Human souls are fallen demons, who transmigrate into other human bodies, or into those of animals, until released by death-bed consolamentum. The purity of the faith was maintained by occasional intercourse with its headquarters in Bosnia. Giacomo Bech was converted by a Slavonian missionary, in conjunction with Jocerino de' Balbi and Piero Patrizi, and the latter gave him ten florins and sent him to Bosnia to perfect himself in the doctrines, though he was compelled by ill-fortune at sea to return without accomplishing his pilgrimage. Forty years before one of the Balbi had gone thither for the same purpose; in 1360 a Narro and a Benso, Piero Patrizi himself in 1377, and Berardo Rascherio in 1380. Evidently the little community of Chieri maintained active relations with the heads of the Church. In 1370 Bech had fallen into the hands of the inquisitor, Frà Tommaso da Casacho, had been forced to confess, and had been released after abjuration in reward for his betraying his fellow-disciples. * Frà Antonio's labors had been already rewarded by the discovery of another sect of Cathari in the valleys to the west and northwest of Turin. Their heresiarch was Martino del Prete, and the community of Chieri had vainly endeavored to win them over to unity. In Pignerol, Frà Antonio had, in November, 1387, arrested a suspected heretic named Antonio Galosna, who passed for a Franciscan Tertiary. The Inquisition in those parts was greatly dependent upon the secular authorities, and the Count of Savoy, Amadeo VII., was not disposed to second it with zeal. When Galosna at first denied, Antonio succeeded in having him tortured till he promised to tell everything if released from torture, and accordingly the next day he made confession; but Gio-
* Archivio Storico Italiano, 1865, No. 39, pp. 46-61. vanni di Brayda, the chamberlain of Amadeo, and Antonio da Valencia, the Judge of Pignerol, promised him that if he would retract they would effect his deliverance. The Castellan of Pignerol, in whose charge he was, also offered to liberate him on receiving five florins for himself and seventy more for necessary expenses; but, although Galosna pledged all his property to raise the sum, this device seems to have failed. On December 29 he was brought before the count himself, after being warned by di Brayda that if he confirmed his confession he should be hanged. He accordingly retracted it, but was not liberated, and a month later, in the presence of the count and the inquisitor, he repeated that his confession had been extorted by violence. Apparently he was made the subject of a prolonged debate between State and Church, in which the latter triumphed, for on May 29 we find him in the possession of the Bishop of Turin and of the inquisitor, undergoing examination in the castle of Dross, near Turin. *
He proved a mine of information well worth the repeated interrogatories which extended from May 29 to July 10, for he had been a member of the sect for twenty-five years and a wandering missionary for fifteen, and was familiar with all the congregations, which appear to have been numerous, some in the neighborhood of Turin, but mostly in the lower Alpine valleys between Pignerol and Susa. Though he repeatedly alludes to the sectaries as Vaudois, they had no affinity with the Waldenses, and it is observable that he makes no reference to their existence in any of the distinctive Waldensian valleys, such as Angrogna, Perosa, or San Martino. They were mostly poor folk--peasants, servants, muleteers, innkeepers, mechanics, and artisans, and the chiefs of their "synagogues" were generally of this class, although occasionally a clerk, a canon, a notary, or other educated person is enumerated among the members. What were their precise distinctive tenets it is not easy to define with accuracy. Galosna's rough handling had evidently rendered him eager to satisfy the credulity of his examiners, and the imaginative character of some of his revelations casts a doubt on the truthfulness of them all. The applicant for initiation had to drink a beverage, foul of aspect, made with the excrement of a toad kept for the purpose; taken
in excess it was apt to prove fatal, and its power was such that whoso once partook of it could never thereafter abandon the sect. Martino del Prete, the chief heresiarch, had a black cat as large as a lamb, which he declared to be the best friend he had on earth. We may safely set down the accounts of the sexual abominations which succeeded religious services in the conventicles, when the lights were extinguished, as worthy of equal credence. Contradictions in the repeated statements of the doctrines taught show that Galosna's imagination served him better than his memory in his prolonoged examinations. He was told that in joining the sect lie would secure salvation in glory with God the Father, and yet he declares that the sect rejected immortality, and hold that the soul died with the body--and again, that there was no purgatory, but only heaven and hell hereafter. They believed, moreover, in God the Father who created the heavens, but they worshipped the Great Dragon, the creator of the world, who fought God and the angels, and was more powerful than he on earth. Christ was not the Son of God, but of Joseph, and was worthy of no special reverence. Altogether the account is hopelessly confused, but we can discern the dualism of a bastard Catharism, and allusions are made to the consolamentum and the sacrament of bread. Like Jacopo Bech, Galosna had already abjured in the bands of Frà Tommaso da Casacho. Both were therefore relapsed; there was no mercy for them, and on September 5, 1388, they were abandoned to the secular arm in Turin and necessarily burned. Unfortunately the record ends here, and we have no details as to the rich harvest which Frà Antonio must have reaped from the ample information obtained from his victims as to the scattered members of the sects. *
Notwithstanding, these evidences of vitality, Catharism was rapidly dying out. The latest definite reference to it, west of the Adriatic, occurs in 1403, when San Vicente Ferrer, the great Spanish revivalist, undertook a peaceful mission in the remote valleys which no Catholic priest had dared to visit for thirty years, when he found and converted a number of Cathari dwelling among the Waldenses. He regarded as a form of Manichæism the worship
of the rising sun which he found habitual among the peasants of the diocese of Lausanne, and some such survival of nature-worship was probably not infrequent, for a penitent of Frà Antonio Seeco, in 1387, speaks of adoring the sun and moon on bended knees. Yet there would seem to be a remnant of Catharism lingering among the Waldenses of the Savoy valleys as late as 1451, when Filippo Regis was tried by the Inquisition. *
Italian Waldensianism continued to flourish in the mountain fastnesses of Piedmont, where the endless struggle with parsimonious nature fostered the hardier virtues. Thence, as we have seen, were emigrants and even colonies sent out, as persecution scattered the faithful or as population outgrew the narrow means of subsistence. The kindlier climate and less aggressive Inquisition of Naples finally rendered the southern colonies the headquarters of the sect, with which constant intercommunication was kept up. In 1387 we are told that the chief pontiff resided in Apulia and that the Waldensian community at Barge in Piedmont was presided over by two Apulians. A century later the mother communities in the Cottian Alps still looked to southern Italy as to the centre of their Church. †
In 1292 we hear of persecutions in the Val Perosa, and again in 1312 there were burnings of obstinate heretics in the valleys, but these efforts effected little, for in 1332 a brief of John XXII. describes the Waldensian church of the diocese of Turin as being in a most flourishing condition. The heretics were so numerous that they disdained concealment, holding assemblies in public in which as many as five hundred would be gathered together. When Frà Giovanni Alberto, the Inquisitor of Turin, had recently made an effort to repress them, they boldly rose in arms. On the public square of Angrogna they slew the parish priest Guillelmo, whom they suspected of furnishing information, and Alberto himself they besieged in a castle where he had taken refuge, so that he was glad to escape with his life, leaving the land abandoned to
† Processus contra Valdenses (Archivio Storico Italiano, 1865, No. 38, pp. 39-40).-- Comba, Hist. des Vaudois d'Italie, I. 354-7. heresy. For twenty years and more one of their principal chiefs had been a man named Pier Martino, known also as Giuliano or Martino Pastrae, who chanced in his wandering missions to fall into the hands of Jean de Lades, the Inquisitor of Provence. The pope thereupon orders the latter to deliver his prisoner to Frà Alberto, who will be able to extract from him information of the utmost value in tracking and seizing his fellow-religionists--information, as the pope suggests which will justify the use of torture. Doubtless this lucky capture enabled Frà Alberto to lay hands on a number of outlying heretics, though he probably did not again venture his person in the populous communities which had shown so sturdy a readiness in self-protection. *
Persecution continued, and in 1354 we chance to hear of an order issued by Giacomo, Prince of Piedmont, to the Counts of Luserna, to imprison a number of Waldenses recently discovered in Luserna and the neighboring valleys. The order was issued at the instance of Pietro di Ruffia, Inquisitor of Piedmont, who paid for his zeal with his life, being shortly afterwards slain at Susa. In 1363 and 1364 Urban V. made another attempt to reduce the heretics to obedience. The infected district was exposed to attack on both sides, for the jurisdiction of the Inquisitor of Provence extended over the Tarantaise. Frère Jean Richard of Marseilles was directed to assail them from the west, while the inquisitor and the Bishop of Turin were busy on the east. Amadeo of Savoy was requested to co-operate with the Seneschal of Provence, and this combined assault resulted in a number of captures and trials. It was doubtless the mingled despair and thirst for revenge excited by this that led to many Waldenses joining in the rising of the Jacquerie in Savoy in 1365--a rising which was suppressed with the customary merciless cruelty by the King of Navarre and Wenzel of Brabant. In spite of these efforts at repression a letter written by them in 1368, to their German brethren, would seem to show that they were still regarded as the leaders of the sect. †
Gregory XI. was especially zealous in the warfare with heresy, and we have already seen how earnest were his efforts in 1375 to suppress the Waldenses of Provence and Dauphiné. Those of Piedmont had rendered themselves peculiarly obnoxious. Frà Antonio Pavo had recently gone to "Bricarax," a place deeply infected with heresy, to preach against them-his sermon, of course, including a summons before his trib-Linal--when in place of humbly submitting, a dozen of them, incited by the Evil One, had set upon him as he left the church and had slain him. Another inquisitor, probably Pietro di Ruffia, had met the same fate in the Dominican cloister at Susa, on the day of the Purification of the Virgin (February 2). Such misdeeds demanded exemplary chastisement, and Gregory's exhortations to Charles V. of France were accompanied with the strongest urgency on Amadeo VI. of Savoy to clear his land of brambles. We have seen how successful were the labors of the Nuncio, Antonio Bishop of Massa, and the Inquisitor of Provence, François Borel. They did not confine their energies to the French valleys. The Waldenses of the Val di Susa were exposed to the most pitiless persecution; on a Christmas night Borel with an armed force attacked Pragelato, putting to the sword all whom he could reach. The wretches who escaped perished of hunger and cold, including, it is said, fifty women with children at the breast. *
It may be hoped that this holocaust satisfied the manes of the murdered inquisitors, for they seem to have received no other satisfaction. A succession of inquisitors -- Piero di Castelmonte, Ruffino di Terdona, Tommaso da Casacho, and Michele Grassi, undaunted by the fate of their predecessors, wasted their energies on the Piedmontese Waldenses without reducing, them to subjection. The pitiless forays of Borel drove the poor wretches from their native valleys, and they poured over into Piedmont. Amadeo VII., who succeeded his father in 1383, seems to have given the Inquisition but slender support, and it had little encouragement in its efforts to subdue the stubborn mountaineers. The fragmentary records of Frà Antonio Secco, who undertook. the work in the spring of 1387 show how fruitless was the endeavor to co-operate
with the ruthless proselytism of Borel. It is true that he caught Isabel Ferreria, the wife of Giovanni Gabriele, one of the murderers of Antonio Pavo, and had the satisfaction of torturing her, but he could get no evidence against her, and could only learn that her husband had died in 1386. Some other suspects lie tortured and penanced with crosses: apparently he had no prisons at his disposal in which to incarcerate them. Accusations and denunciations poured in to him by the hundred, showing that the land was alive with heretics, but he was powerless to inflict on them punishment that would make an impression. One of his first cases had been a certain Lorenzo Bandoria, who had abjured before Antonio Pavo, and who under torture confessed to continued heresy. Here was a clear case of relapse, and accordingly, on March 31, he was abandoned to the secular arm and all his property declared confiscated to the Inquisition. This proved a mere brutum fulmen, for on May Frà Antonio was obliged to issue a mandate to Ugonetto Bruno, Lord of Ozasco, ordering him, under pain of a hundred marks, to capture Lorenzo and present him before the tribunal the next day, while the treasurer of Ozasco was required, under threat of excommunication, to appear at the same time with an inventory of all the convict's property. As Lorenzo had been handed over to the Castellan of Pignerol for execution, it is evident that the officials refused to carry out the sentences of the inquisitor, nor does this new effort appear to have had any better result. Many of his citations were disregarded, and when, on May 19, he ordered the lords of Ozasco to arrest three heretics under penalty of a hundred marks, no attention seems to have been paid to the command. This insubordination increased, and as the season advanced we observe that when an accused refuses to confess, the dread entry "the lord inquisitor is not content" is not followed by the customary torture, but that the culprit is mercifully dismissed under bail. One case gave Frà Antonio infinite disgust. On June 27 be cited Giacomo Do and Sanzio Margarit of Sangano; they did not appear, but on August 6 he found them in Turin and seized them. For fifteen days he kept them in chains, when they broke jail, but by the help of God he caught them again and carried them to the castle of Avegliana, where they remained ten days. He had been unable to get them tortured, and they would not confess without it; the magistrates of Avegliana appealed to Count Amadeo, who ordered them released, and Frà Antonio records the unwillingness with which he obeyed the command. He endeavored to turn his stay in Avegliana to account by publishing the customary monition for all persons to come forward and confess their own heresy or denounce those who were suspect. For nine days he waited, but not a soul appeared to accuse himself or his neighbors, and he departed, grieved at heart over the obduracy of the people, for it was common fame that there were many heretics there and in the neighborhood, especially at Coazze and Valogione. The final blow came when in December he issued a summons to all the officials of Val Perosa, one of the recognized Waldensian valleys, reciting that their land was full of heretics and that they must appear before him in Pignerol to purge themselves and their communities of this infamy. They did not obey, but through the intervention of the Piedmontese Chancellor, Giovanni di Brayda, and other courtiers, they agreed to pay Count Amadeo five hundred florins a year, for which he was to prevent the inquisitor from visiting Val Perosa, and they were to be exempted from obeying his citations. This was too much to endure, and Frà Antonio shook the dust of Pignerol from his feet for the more promising chase of the Cathari near Turin, first denouncing the officials of Val Perosa as having, incurred excommunication and the penalties of contumacy, the only result of which was to draw upon his head the wrath of Count Amadeo. It does not appear that he had any better success in endeavoring to obtain for his Inquisition the confiscations of the people of Pragelato condemned by the Provençal inquisitor, François Borel. By a special privilege of Clement VII. the latter's jurisdiction had been extended over some of the Piedmontese valleys, and though Frà Antonio might abandon the persons of the heretics to his Franciscan rival, lie was resolved, if lie could, to retain their property. These mishaps of Frà Antonio have an interest, not only as a rare instance of difficulties thrown into the path of the Inquisition, but as explaining why the fierce persecutions of Borel had so little effect in diminishing Waldensianism. *
Pragelato, however, suffered more severely in 1400 when, about Christmas, it was attacked by an armed force from Susa. The inhabitants who escaped death or capture took refuge on the mountain-tops of the Val San Martino, where many perished from exposure in the inclement season; and the survivors, on returning after the departure of the troops, found their dwellings dismantled. This cold-blooded cruelty shocked even Boniface IX., who ordered the inquisitor in charge of the foray to moderate his zeal in future. * Vicente Ferrer's visit of 1403 was of a more peaceful nature, but it is not likely that the conversions of which he boasted were more permanent than those which his eloquence effected with the Moors and Jews of his native land, where the eagerly clamored for baptism under the persuasion of massacre. †
During the Great Schism persecution slackened, but already, in 1416, fresh decrees were issued against the Waldenses. Our Knowledge of details is but fragmentary at best, and it is impossible to construct a complete history of the conflict between them and the Inquisition, but we may fairly infer that the latter was at least spasmodically active. A petition addressed to the Duke of Savoy by the lords of Luserna recites that the inhabitants of the valley were in full rebellion, owing to repeated persecution; the document is without date, but must be posterior to 1417, when Sigismund erected the county into a duchy. Again we, know that, between 1440 and 1450, Frà Bertrando Piero, vicar of the inquisitor, in one raid burned at Coni twenty-two relapsed heretics, and confiscated their property. This happens to be alluded to in a me-
Gregory XI., in his letter of April 20, 1375, to Amdeo VI., speaks of the recent murder at "Bricherasio" of the inquisitor Antonius Salvianensis (Raynald. ann. 1375, No. 26). According, to the records of Antonio Seeco, Antonio Pavo da Savigliano received in 1384 the abjuration of Lorenzo Bandoria (loc. cit. p. 23), and his murder must have taken place the same year, from the evidence of the son of one of his murderers, Giov. Gabriele of "Bricherasio" (Ib. p. 31). Rorengo places the martyrdom of Antonio Pavo in 1374, and tells us that lie was honored in Savigliano with a local cult as one of the blessed. Another Dominican, Frà Bartolomeo di Cervere was also slain, and his assistant Ricardo desperately wounded, but the date is not certain ( Rorengo, Memorie Historiche, p. 17). * Chabrand, Vaudois et Protestants des Alpes, Grenoble, 1886, p. 39.
morial addressed in 1457 to Calixtus III., by the people of the neighboring village of Bernez, who proceed to relate that after this exploit Frà Bertrando visited their town in company with his principal, Frà Ludovico da Soncino, and commenced an inquisition there, but abandoned it, to the scandal of the people, without concluding the trials. Then Felix V. ( Amadeo of Savoy) sent the Abbot of San-Piero of Savigliano to complete the unfinished business, who acquitted a number of the accused. Then recently there had come a new inquisitor who took up the cases again and molested those who had been discharged, whereupon they petitioned the pope that he be restrained from further proceedings until two experts in theology be appointed as assessors by the Bishop of Alondovi and the Abbot of Savicliano. The presentation of such a request shows how much the Inquisition had lost of its power of inspiring awe, and this is emphasized by the action of Calixtus in ordering the bishop of Turin and the inquisitor to associate with themselves two experts and proceed with the cases. It indicates, moreover, that little rest was allowed to the Waldenses. While this affair was dragging its slow length along, Nicholas V., in 1453, addressed to the Bishops of Turin and Nice and to the Inquisitor Giacomo di Buronzo, a bull reciting that Giacomo had found in the Valley of Luserna a majority of the inhabitants infected with heresy, many of them having relapsed repeatedly. Unable to convert them, he had placed an interdict on the valley; the people had repented and begged for readmission to the Church, wherefore Nicholas orders the removal of the interdict, and that penitents, whether relapsed or not, be pardoned and restored to all their civil rights--a degree of lenity which indicates that sterner measures at the time were clearly inexpedient. *
In 1475 a more serious war of extermination was commenced against them under the Duchess Yolande, Regent of Savoy, in conjunction with the simultaneous action of the Inquisition in Dauphiné. By an edict of January 23, 1476, all the officials in the infected districts were placed at the disposition of the Inquisition, and the podestà of Luserna was cited to appear on February 10, to answer for his conduct, in refusing, at the instance of the In-
quisitor Andrea di Aquapendente, to make proclamation that none of the converts of Giacomo di Buronzo should be permitted to effect sales greater in amount than one florin, and that all sales which had been made by them were void, for they hail relapsed, were endeavoring to emigrate, and to dispose of their property, which was legally confiscated. Louis XI., who stopped the persecution, as we have seen, so unceremoniously in his own dominions, felt interest enough in the matter to extend protection over the unfortunates in his sister's territories, and his word had power sufficient to dampen the zeal of the duchess, who was wholly dependent on him after the misfortunes of Charles the Bold. Sixtus IV. was much scandalized by this. He had sent a special papal commissioner to speed the holy work, and he wrote pressingly to Louis, assuming, that the royal letters of protection must have been surreptitiously obtained. He instructed the Bishop of Turin to go, if possible, in person to Louis and to make every effort to exterminate the heretics, who dared openly to propagate their doctrines and make converts, to the ruin of immortal souls. The death of Louis, in 1483, deprived the Waldenses of their protector, and persecution recommenced. An order of Duke Carlo I., in 1484, to inquire into the violences committed by the people of Angrogna, Villaro, and Bobbio because their lords endeavored to suppress their heresies, shows how soon and how bitterly the struggle broke out afresh. The heretics scattered through the towns of Piedmont were mercilessly dealt with by the inquisitors, but those who inhabited the mountain valleys were safe, except from assault by overwhelming forces. In April, 1487, Innocent VIII. recites how the inquisitor-general, Frà Blasio di Monreale, had gone to the infected district, and had vainly sought by earnest exhortations to induce the heretics to abandon their errors; how they had contemptuously defied his censures, had continued openly to preach and make converts, had attacked his house, slain his familiar, and pillaged his goods. Afore strenuous efforts were evidently requisite, and Innocent appointed Alberto de' Capitanei, Archdeacon of Cremona, as papal nuncio and commissioner to Piedmont and Dauphiné, with instructions to coerce the people to receive Frà Blasio, and permit the free exercise of his office, and to crush the heretics like venomous serpents. To this end Alberto was empowered to preach a crusade with plenary indul- gences, and to deprive of their office and dignities all, whether ecclesiastics or laymen, who refused to obey his commands. From February to May, 1488, he duly issued his citations to the heretics, and as they were contumacious, he condemned them accordingly and abandoned them in mass to the secular arm. Meanwhile a force estimated at eighteen thousand crusaders had been raised in France and Piedmont, which advanced in four columns so as to block every avenue of escape. The slaughter in Val Louise has already been alluded to. The Val d'Angroona was more fortunate, and in the attack upon it the crusading army was virtually annihilated. This victory earned for the Waldenses a respite, and in 1490 Carlo I. invited them to a conference at Pignerol, where he granted them peace and confirmed their privileges. In 1498 the were visited by Lucas of Prague and Thomas Germanus, envoys of the Unitas Fratrum of Bohemia. Through these they addressed a letter to the Bohemian King Ladislas and his nobles, boasting that they did not frequent the Catholic churches, fiercely denouncing the vices of the priesthood, and arguing that the benediction of such men was rather a malediction. Evidently the spirit of the persecuted saints was unbroken, and it was soon after put to the test in the valley of the Po, Where whole villages were found to consist of Waldenses. Marguerite de Foix, Marchioness of Saluces, put troops at the command of the Inquisitor Angelo Rieciardino, who had found his ordinary machinery baffled. The villages of Pravillelm, Beitoneto, and Oncino were raided; most of the inhabitants succeeded in escaping to Luserna, but some were captured, and five were sentenced to be burned, March 24, 1510. A heavy snow-storm delayed the execution, and during the enstung night the prisoners broke jail and joined their comrades. The inquisitor, however, was not to be balked of his exhibition, and replaced the fugitives with three prisoners to whom he had promised pardon in consideration of the fulness of their confessions, and who were duly burned. The deserted villages were confiscated and made over to good Catholics, but the refugees at intervals descended on them, slaying and spoiling without mercy, till no one dared to dwell there. Finally the bigoted marchioness yielded, and for a round sum of money, in 1512, permitted the exiles to return and dwell in peace. The triumph of toleration thus won by the sword was but local and temporary.
In Savoy, the statutes published in 1513 contain all the timehonored provisions for the suppression of heresy, with instructions to all public officials to aid in every way the Inquisition, whose expenses are to be defrayed out of the confiscations. Continued persecution was thus provided for, nor was it averted when, in 1530, the Waldenses opened negotiations with the Protestants of Switzerland, resulting in their final incorporation with the Calvinists. *
These incessant ravages naturally led to emigration on an extended scale, which, as we have seen, mostly turned itself to Calabria and Apulia, where the brethren had dwelt in comparative peace for nearly two centuries. A large portion of the population of Freyssinières, for instance, expatriated themselves and settled in the valley of Volturara. The Inquisition was virtually extinct in the kingdom of Naples during, the fifteenth century, and the heretics had earned toleration by a decent reserve. They attended mass occasionally, allowed their children to be baptized by the priests, and, what was more important, they paid their tithes with exemplary re(rularity--tithes which grew satisfactorily under the incessant industry of the God-fearino husbandmen. The mountain valleys which had been almost a desert became smiling with corn-fields and pastures, orchards and vineyards. The nobles on whose lands they had settled under formal agreements gave willing protection to those who contributed so greatly to their revenues. When the independence of the feudatories was lost under the growing, royal power of the House of Aragon, the heretics sought and obtained, in 1497, from King Frederic, the confirmation by the crown of the agreements with the nobles, and thus felt assured of continued toleration. They were visited every two years by the travelling pastors, or barbes, who came in pairs, an elder, known as the reggitore, and a younger, the coadiutore, journeying with some pretence of occupation, finding in every city the secret band of believers whom it was their
mission to comfort and keep steadfast in the faith, and from whom they made collections which they reported to the General Assembly or Council. Between Pignerol and Calabria they counted twenty-five days' journey along the western coast, returning, by the eastern to Venice. Everywhere they met friends acquainted with their secret passwords, and in spite of ecclesiastical vigilance there existed throughout Italy a subterranean network of heresy disguised under outward conformity. In 1497 the envoys from the Bohemian Brethren, Lucas and Thomas, found in Rome itself one of their faith, whom they bitterly reproached for concealing his belief. In Calabria, in 1530, it was estimated that they numbered ten thousand souls, in Venetia, six thousand. The fate of these poor creatures, after generations of peaceful existence which might well seem destined to be perpetual, belongs to a period beyond our present limits, but the fact that they could thus prosper and increase shows how rusty had grown the machinery of the Inquisition, and how incapable had become its officials. * It only remains for us to note cursorily such indications as have reached us of the activity and condition of the Inquisition in the several provinces of Italy during the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries. In Savoy, as we have seen, the bitter contest with the Waldenses kept it in fair working condition, while it was gradually fallin into desuetude elsewhere, although in Lombardy it still, for a while, maintained its terrors. We have a somewhat vague description of its sleepless vigilance in 1318, in pursuing, certain heretics who are described as Lollards--whether Begghards or Waldenses does not appear, but probably the latter, as we are told that when concealment became impossible the men escaped to Bohemia, leaving some women with children at the breast, whereupon the women were burned, and the children given to good Catholics to be brought up in the faith. In 1344 we hear of a great popular excitement, caused by the belief that a number of victims of the Inquisition had suffered unjustly. Matters went so far that the Imperial Vicar, Lucchino Visconti, asked Clement VI. to order an
investigation, which was duly held, though we do not know the result. It was possibly the feeling thus aroused which led, in 1346, to the murder in the Milanese of a Franciscan inquisitor conspicuous for his persecuting zeal. The perpetual troubles during the century between the Holy See and the Visconti cannot but have greatly interfered with the efficiency of persecution. In the collected statutes of the Dukes of Milan from 1343 to 1495 there is no allusion of any kind to the Inquisition, or to the punishment of heretics. There is however, on record a decree of 1388 placing, the civil officials at the service of the Inquisition, but it enforces the conditions of the Clementines, which require episcopal consent to the use of torture and harsh prison, and to the final sentence. It moreover threatens inquisitors with punishment for using, their office to extort money or gratify malice; and it further significantly commands them not to abuse the privilege of armed familiars, or to unnecessarily multiply their officials. How the political passions of the time hindered the functions of the Holy Office is seen in the case of Frà Ubertino di Carleone, a bustling, Franciscan, subsequently Bishop of Lipari, who, about 1360, was accused of heresy by the Inquisitor of Piacenza. He at once proclaimed that his Ghibellinisin was the motive of the prosecution, and aroused the factions of the city to a tumult, under cover of which he escaped. * Inquisitors, indeed, continued to be regularly appointed, and to perform such of their functions as they could, but the decline in their usefulness is shown by one of the earliest acts of Martin V., in 1417, before leaving Constance, in commissioning the Observantine Franciscan, Giovanni da Capistrano, as a special inquisitor against the heretics of Mantua. From this time, in fact, when any effective effort against heresy was called for, the regular machinery of the Inquisition was no longer relied upon. It seems to have been regarded as effete for all the purposes for which it had been instituted, and special appointments were necessary of men devoted to the work, such as Capistrano and his friend Giacomo
della Marca. Just as the inquisitorial jurisdiction had superseded the episcopal, so now both were overslaughed as insufficient. Thus, in 1457, when a new heresy sprang up in Brescia and Bergamo concerning Christ, the Virgin, and the Church Militant, infecting both clergy and laity, and including suspicion of sorcery, Calixtus III. ordered his nuncio in those parts, Master Bernardo del Bosco, to seize the heretics and try them, with even more than the privileges of an inquisitor, for he was empowered to proceed to final judgment and execution without appeal, leaving it to his discretion whether he should call for advice upon the inquisitors and episcopal ordinaries. Two years later, in the case of Zanino da Solcia, to which I shall recur hereafter, the sentence was rendered by the Lombard inquisitor, Frà Jacopo da Brescia, but the examination took place in the presence of Master Bernardo del Bosco, who moreover received the abjuration of Zanino, and the sentence was sent to Pius II. and was modified by him. The diminution of popular respect for the Inquisition was still further manifested in 1459, by the doubts publicly expressed of the validity of the bulls of Innocent IV. and Alexander IV. authorizing inquisitors to preach crusades against heretics and to prosecute for heresy all persons and communities impeding them, so that Calixtus III. was obliged to reissue the authorization. *
A curious case occurring about this time illustrates the growing indifference felt in Lombardy for the Inquisition. In Milan, about 1440, a learned mathematician, named Amadeo de' Landi, was accused of heresy before the inquisitors. During the progress of his trial he was, to the great damage of his reputation, denounced as a heretic by sundry friars in their sermons, and among others by Bernardino of Siena, the saintly head of the Observantines. The Inquisition pronounced him a good Catholic and discharged him, but those who had slandered him offered no reparation. The acquittal by the Inquisition apparently did not outweigh the denunciations of Bernardino, and Amadeo appealed to Eugenius IV., who referred the matter to Giuseppe di Brippo, with power to enforce his decision with censures. Giuseppe summoned the detractors to appear on a certain day, and on their failing to
present themselves condemned Bernardino to make public retraction under pain of excommunication. Bernardino paid no heed to this, and on his death in 1444, when immediate efforts were made for his canonization, Amadeo raised great scandal by proclaiming that he had died in mortal sin as an excommunicate. This gratified the jealousy of the conventual branch of the Franciscans and many of the secular clergy, who spread the scandal far and wide. By this time, however, the Observantines were too influential for such an assault upon their revered vicar-general to be successful; and in 1447 they obtained from Nicholas V. a bull in which he annulled all the proceedings of Giuseppe, ordered every record of them to be destroyed, imposed silence on the unlucky Amadeo, declared Bernadino to have acted richteously throughout, and forbade all clerks, friars, and others from indulging in further detraction concerning him. I may add that the opposition of the Conventuals was powerful enough to postpone until 1450 the canonization of San Bernardino, and a humorous incident in the struggle may be worth mention. When the blessed Tommaso of Florence died at Rieti in 1447, and immediately began to coruscate in miracles, Capistrano hurried thither and forbade him to display further his thaumaturgic powers until Bernardino should be canonized--and Tommaso meekly obeyed. *
Yet, shorn as the Inquisition had become of real effectiveness for its avowed functions the office continued to be sought, doubtless because it conferred a certain measure of importance, and possibly because it afforded opportunity of illicit gains. Inquisitors were regularly appointed, and the custom grew up in Lombardy that in each city where a tribunal existed vacancies were filled on the nomination of the prior of the local Dominican convent with the assent of discreet brethren, whereupon the General Master of the Order issued the commission. In 1500 this was modified by giving the Vicar-general of Lombardy power to reject or ratify the nomination. The subordinate position to which the inquisitorial office had fallen is illustrated in the last decade of the fifteenth century by Frà Antonio da Brescia, who was inquisitor of his native place, and who was claimed as an ornament of the Dominican Order but his eulogist has nothing to say as to his perse-
In Venice, as we have seen, the Inquisition never succeeded in shaking off the trammels of state supervision and interference. In what spirit the State regarded its relations with the Holy Office was exhibited in 1356, when Frà Michele da Pisa, the Inquisitor of Treviso, imprisoned some Jewish converts who had apostatized. This was strictly within his functions, but the secular officials interposed, forbade his proceeding to try his prisoners, seized his familiars, and tortured them on the charge of pilfering the property of the accused. These high-handed measures provoked the liveliest indignation on the part of Innocent VI., but the republic stood firm, and nothing seems to have been gained. In the correspondence which ensued, moreover, there are allusions to former troubles which show that this was by no means the first time that Frà Michele's labors had been impeded by the secular power. Sometimes, indeed, the Signoria completely ignored the Inquisition. In 1365 a case in which a prisoner had blasphemed the Virgin was brought before the Great Council, which ordered him to be tried by the vicar of the Bishop of Castello, and on conviction to be banished, thus prescribing the punishment, and recognizing only the episcopal jurisdiction. †
In 1373 Venice was honored with the appointment of a special inquisitor, Frà Ludovico da San-Martino, while Frà Niccolò Mucio of Venice was made Inquisitor of Treviso. This led to some debate about their partition of the great Patriarchate of Aquileia, which extended from the province of Spalatro to that of Milan. The Patriarchate of Grado (which was not transferred to Venice till 1451) was adjudged to Ludovico, together with the see of Jesol. This latter place, though close to Venice, was then, we are told, in ruins, with a roofless cathedral serving as a place of refuge for heretics, who there felt safe from persecution. This partition did not improve the position of the inquisitor, whose importance was reduced to a minimum. He seems, in fact, to be regarded only as
a functionary of the state police. In 1412 the Great Council orders him, April 17, to put an end to the performance of divine service by a Greek priest named Michael, whose celebrations attract great crowds, and also to banish him, taking care to so manage the affair that the interposition of the council may not be suspected; and a month later, May 26, the order of banishment is revoked, but the prohibition of celebration is maintained. In all his proper functions the inquisitor was overslaughed and disregarded. In 1422 the Council of Ten appointed a commission to examine some Franciscans charged with sacrificing to demons and other abominable practices, and a month later they sent to Martin V., requesting powers to terminate the matter, in view of the immunities enjoyed by the Mendicants. When, in the following year, 1423, the Senate withdrew the pecuniary provision with which the State had always defrayed the expenses of the Inquisition, they marked their sense of its inutility and their indifference to its power. This may possibly have led to the reunion of the districts of Venice and Treviso, for, in 1433 and 1434, we find single inquisitors appointed to both. In the latter year the lack of power of the incumbent, Frà Luca Cioni, is shown by the fact that when he desired to proceed against Ruggieri da Bertona, accused of heresy, he was forced to get Eugenius IV. to order the Bishop of Castello ( Venice) to assist him. A further recognition of the inefficiency of the Inquisition is seen in the sending of Frà Giovanni da Capistrano to Venice in 1437, when the Jesuats were accused of heresy, and he acquitted them, and again, about 1450, when heretical notions spread there concerning the origin and nature of the soul, which he suppressed. *
Allusion has been made in a former chapter to the limitation imposed in 1450 by the Council of Ten on the number of armed familiars whom the inquisitor might retain, reducing them to four, and in 1451 increasing them to twelve, with instructions to the police to see that they were really engaged in the duties of the Holy Office. In so large and populous a district this suffi-
ciently shows how purely nominal were the functions of the Inquisition, and how close was the supervision exercised by the State. Yet inquisitors continued to be appointed, but when they attempted to exercise any independent jurisdiction we have seen, in the case of the sorcerers of 1521, that even the most energetic interference of Leo X. could not induce the Signoria to waive its right of final decision. *
In Mantua, which formed part of the Patriarchate of Aquileia, we hear, in 1494, of an inquisitor who, for lack of heresies to suppress, assailed the monts de piété, or public pawning establishments, and all who favored them. These institutions were founded about this period as a charitable work for the purpose of rescuing the poor from the exactions of the usurers and the Jews. Frà Bernardino da Feltre, a celebrated Observantine Franciscan, made this a special object of his mission-work in the Italian cities, and on his coming to Mantua he completely silenced his adversaries. The decline of visible heresy at this period, in fact, is illustrated in the very diffuse account which Luke Wadding gives, year after year, of Bernardino's triumphant progress throughout Italy to call the people to repentance, when cities eagerly disputed with each other the blessing of his presence. In all this there is no allusion to any attacks by him on heresy; had there been any to assail, his burning zeal would not have suffered it to enjoy impunity. †
In Tuscany the growing insubordination felt towards the Inquisition was manifested at Siena, in 1340, by the enactment of laws checking some of its abuses. Frà Simone Filippo, the inquisitor, complained to Benedict XII., who at once pronounced them null and void, and ordered them erased from the statute - book. The relations between the Holy Office and the people at this period, however, are more significantly displayed in a series of events occurring at Florence, of which the details chance to have been
* Archiv. di Venez. Misti, Cons. X. Vol. XIII. p. 192; Vol. XIX. p. 29.--Wadding. ann. 1455, No. 97.--Mag. Bull. Rom. I. 617.--Albizio, Riposto al P. Paolo Sarpi, pp. 64-70. † Wadding. ann. 1494, No. 6.--When Frà Bernardo endeavored to establish a mont de piété at Florence the moneyed interests were strong enough to drive him from the city (Burlamacchi, Vita di Savonarola, Baluz. et Mansi I. 557). preserved. In Tuscany the triumph of orthodoxy had been complete. A sermon of Frà Giordano da Rivalto, in 1304, asserts that heresy was virtually exterminated: scarce any heretics remained, and they were in strict hiding. This is confirmed by Villani, who tells us that, by the middle of the century, there were no heretics in Florence. This is doubtless too absolute an assertion, but the existence of a few scattered Waldenses and Fraticelli offered scant excuse for such an establishment as the inquisitor was accustomed to maintain. In 1337 the papal nuncio, Bertrand, Archbishop of Embrun, took the incumbent of the office severely to task for the abuse of appointing an excessive number of assistants, and ordered him in future to restrict himself to four counsellors and assessors, two notaries, two jailers, and twelve ministers or familiars. This was by no means a small or inexpensive body of officials; the Inquisition's share of confiscations from the few poverty-stricken heretics who could occasionally be picked up evidently was insufficient to maintain such a corps, and means, either fair or foul, must be found to render the income of the office adequate to the wants of those who depended upon it for their fortunes. How this was done, on the one hand by cheating the papal camera, and on the other by extorting money on false charges of heresy and by selling to bravoes licenses to carry arms, has already been pointed out. The former device was one which, when detected, was difficult to condone, and its discovery caused, in the commencement of 1344, a sudden vacancy in the Florentine Inquisition. The republic was in the habit of suggesting names to the Franciscan General for appointment, and sometimes its requests were respected. In the present case it asked, February 26, that the Tuscan inquisitor, Frà Giovanni da Casale, be permitted to exercise his functions within the city, but the suggestion was unheeded, and in March the post was given to Frà Piero di Aquila. * Frà Piero was a distinguished member of the Franciscan Order. But two months earlier he had been appointed chaplain to Queen Joanna of Naples, and his Commentaries on the Sentences of Peter Lombard were highly esteemed, receiving, in 1480, the
honor of an edition printed at Speier. A man so gifted was warmly welcomed, and the republic thanked the Franciscan General for the selection. I have already detailed how he fell into the same courses as his predecessor in cheating the papal camera, how he was prosecuted for this, and for what the republic officially denounced as "estorsioni nefande" committed on the people, and how, within two years after his appointment, he was a fugitive, not daring to stand trial. There is another phase of his activity, however, which is worth recounting in some detail, as it illustrates perfectly how useful an instrument was the Inquisition in carrying out the wishes of the Roman curia in matters wholly disconnected with the purity of the faith. *
The Cardinal of Santa Sabina, while visiting various courts in the capacity of papal legate, had had occasion to collect large sums. In charity to him we may assume, what doubtless was the truth, that the money belonged to the pope, although it stood in the cardinal's name on the books of his bankers, the great Florentine company of the Acciajuoli. In receiving it the members of the company had bound themselves jointly and severally for its repayment, agreeing to subject themselves to the judgment of the Court of Auditors of the Apostolic Chamber. In 1343 there was due the cardinal some twelve thousand florins, which the Acciajuoli were unable to pay. A commercial and financial crisis had paralyzed the commerce and industries of the city. Its bankers had advanced vast sums to Edward III. of England and to Robert the Good of Naples, and clamored in vain for repayment. The Lombard war had exhausted the public treasury and the whole community was bankrupt. Not only the Acciajuoli, but the Bardi, the Peruzzi, and other great banking - houses closed their doors, and ruin stared the Florentines in the face. There was at least one creditor, however, who was resolved to have his money. †
On October 9, 1343, Clement VI. wrote to the republic, stating the claim of the cardinal and ordering the Signoria to compel
the Acciajuoli to pay it. Under the circumstances this was clearly impossible, but judgement against the debtors had been rendered by the auditors of the papal camera. This was enough to bring the affair within the sphere of spiritual jurisdiction, and authority was sent to the inquisitor to execute the sentence, calling in the aid of the secular arm, and, if necessary, laying an interdict on the city. The matter dragged on until, November 23, 1345, Frà Piero appeared before the Gonfaloniero and the Priors of the Arts, and summoned them to imprison the debtors until payment, under pain of excommunication and interdict; whereupon the magistrates responded that, out of reverence for the pope and respect for the inquisitor and to oblige the cardinal, they would lend the aid of the secular arm. Still the money was not forthcoming, and although such assets of the Acciajuoli as could be seized were delivered to Frà Piero, and security was given for the balance, he held the whole community responsible for the debt of a few of the citizens. The discussion became angry, and when the inquisitor, in violation of a law of the republic, committed the indiscretion of arresting Salvestro Baroncelli, a member of the bankrupt company, as he was leaving the palace of the Priors of the Arts, his three familiars who had committed the offence were, in compliance with a savage statute, punished with banishment and the loss of the right hand.
All this did not extract the money from the bankrupts, and Frà Piero laid the city under interdict, but both the clergy and people refused to observe it. The churches remained open and the rites of religion continued to be celebrated, leading to a fresh series of prosecutions against the bishop and priests. Inside the walls the Florentines might disregard the censures of the Church, but a commercial community could not afford to be cut off from intercourse with the world. Her citizens and their goods were scattered in every trade-centre in Christendom, and were virtually outlawed by the interdict. This was the reason alleged by the priors when, June 14, 1346, they humbled their pride and sent commissioners to Clement authorized to bind the republic to pay the debt of the Acciajuoli to the cardinal, not exceeding seven thousand florins, in eight months. Their submission was graciously received, and, February 28, 1347, the pope ordered the interdict removed, cautiously providing, however, for its ipso facto renewal in case the obligation for six thousand six hundred florins was not met at maturity. *
Meanwhile another scene of the comedy was developing itself. In its contest with Frà Piero the republic had not stood solely on the defensive. Piero, papal nuncio at Lucca, who had in charge the prosecutions against the inquisitors for embezzling the sums due to the camera, had appointed as his deputy in Florence, Niccolò, Abbot of Santa Maria, who proceeded against Frà Piero on that charge, to which the Signoria added the accusation, sustained by abundant testimony, of extorting from citizens large sums of money by fraudulent prosecutions for heresy. By March 16, 1346, the Signoria was asking the appointment of Frà Michele di Lapo as his successor. Frà Piero was a fugitive, and refused to return and stand his trial when legally cited and tendered a safe-conduct. After due delay, in 1347, the Abate Niccolò, being armed with papal authority, declared him in default and contumacious, and then proceeded to excommunicate him. The excommunication was published in all the churches of Florence, and Frà Piero was thus cut off from the faithful and abandoned to Satan. He could afford to regard all this with calm philosophy. His success in collecting the cardinal's money entitled him to reward, and the booty of seven thousand florins which he had personally carried off from Florence as the results of his two years' inquisitorial career, could doubtless be used to advantage. While Niccolò was vainly citing him, he was promoted, February 12, 1347, to the episcopate of Sant-Angeli de' Lombardi, and his excommunication was answered, June 29, 1348, by his translation to the presumably preferable see of Trivento. All that the Florentines could do was to petition repeatedly that in future inquisitors should be selected from among their own citizens, who would be less likely than strangers to be guilty of extortions and scandals. Their request was respected at
* Archiv. delle Riformag. Atti Pubblici, Lib. XVI. de' Capitolari, fol. 22; Classe V. No. 129, fol. 62 sqq.--Archiv. Diplomatico XXXVII., XXXVIII., XL., XLI., XLII.--Villani, XII. 58. The amount involved was not small. The revenue of Florence at this period was only three hundred thousand florins (Sismondi, Rep. Ital. ch. 36), and Florence was one of the richest states in Europe. Villani ( XI. 92) boasts that France alone enjoyed a larger revenue; that of Naples was less, and the three were the wealthiest in Christendom.
This was not likely to be effective, and the Signoria made a more promising effort at self-protection by passing various laws imitated from those adopted not long before at Perugia. To limit the abuse of selling licenses to bear arms, the inquisitor, as we have seen, was restricted to employing six armed familiars. Moreover, it was decreed that no citizen could be arrested without the participation of the podestà, who was required to seize all persons designated to him by the bishop--the inquisitor not being alluded to--which would seem to leave small opportunity for independent action by the latter, especially as he was deprived of his private jail and was ordered to send all prisoners to the public prison. He was further prohibited from inflicting pecuniary punishments, and all whom he condemned as heretics were to be burned. This was revolutionary in a high degree, and did not tend to harmonize the relations between the republic and the papacy. The desperate quarrel between them which arose in 1375 was caused by political questions, but it was embittered by troubles arising from the Inquisition, especially as a demand made by Innocent VI., in 1355, for a revision of their statutes remained unheeded. In 1372 efforts were made to obtain the removal of Frà Tolomeo da Siena, the Inquisitor of Tuscany, who was exceedingly unpopular, but Gregory XI. expressed the fullest confidence in him and ordered him to be protected by the Vicar-general, Filippo, Bishop of Sabina. Yet the pope probably yielded, for I find in 1373 that Frà Piero di Ser Lippo, who had already served as Tuscan inquisitor in 1371, was again appointed to replace a certain Frà Andrea di Ricco. With some intervals Frà Piero served until at least 1384, and he proved no more disposed than his predecessors to yield to the resistance which the methods of the Inquisition inevitably provoked in the free Italian cities. Pistoia had followed the example of Florence in endeavoring to protect its citizens by municipal statutes, and in 1375 it was duly placed under interdict and its citizens were excommunicated. At the same time
* Archiv. delle Riformag. Classe IX., Distinzione i. No. 39; Classe V. No. 129, fol. 62 sqq.; Prov. del Convento di S. Croce, 23 Ott. 1354.--Villani, XII.58. --Ughelli VII. 1015. Frà Piero complained of Florence as impeding the free action of the Inquisition, and Gregory at once ordered the Signoria to abrogate the obnoxious statutes. No attention was paid to these commands by Florence, and when the rupture came the Florentine mob expressed its feelings by destroying the inquisitorial prison and driving the inquisitor from the city. It was also alleged that in the disturbances a monk named Niccolò was tortured and buried alive. These misdeeds, although denied by the Signoria, were alleged as a justification of the terrible bull of March 31, 1376, fulminated against Florence by Gregory. In this he not only excommunicated and interdicted the city, but specially outlawed the citizens, exposing their property wherever found to seizure, and their persons to slavery. This shocking abuse was the direct outgrowth of the long series of legislation against heresy, and was sanctioned by the public law of the period; everywhere throughout Christendom the goods of Florentines were seized and the merchants were glad to beg their way home, stripped of all they possessed. Not all were so fortunate, as some pious monarchs, like Edward III., in addition reduced them to servitude. No commercial community could long endure a contest waged after this fashion, and, as before, Florence was compelled to submit. In the peace signed July 28, 1378, the republic agreed to annul all laws restricting the Inquisition and interfering with the liberties of the Church, and it authorized a papal commissioner to expunge them from the statute-book. The Great Schism, however, weakened for a time the aggressive energy of the papacy, and much of the obnoxious legislation reappears in the revised code of 1415. *
* Archiv. delle Riformag. Classe II. Distinz. I. No. 14.--Archiv. Diplom. LXXVIII.-IX., LXXX.-I.; Prov. del Convento di S. Croce, 1371 Febb. 18, Ott. 8, 14; 1372, Marz. 15; 1375, Marz. 9; 1380, Genn. 12; 1380, Dic. 1; 1381, Nov. 18; 1383, Lugl. 12; 1384, Dic. 13.--Werunsky Excerptt. ex Registt. Clement. VI. et Innoc. VI. p. 95.--Villani, XII. 58.--Wadding. ann. 1372, No. 35; ann. 1375, No. 32.-Raynald, ann. 1375, No. 13-17; ann. 1376, No. 1-5.--Poggii Hist. Florentin. Lib. II. ann. 1376.--A document of 1374 (Archiv. Fior. Prov. S. Croce, 1374, Nov. 17) shows that Frà Piero di Ser Lippo, at that time Inquisitor of Florence, was defendant in an action brought against him in the papal curia by the Dominican Frà Simone del Pozzo, Inquisitor of Naples, in which Frà Piero seems to hare obtained what was equivalent to a nonsuit. interest for us, not only as illustrating the activity of the Inquisition of the period, but also from the curious parallelism which it affords with that of Savonarola. He was one of the prophets, like St. Birgitta of Sweden, St. Catharine of Siena, and the Friends of God in the Rhinelands, who were called forth by the untold miseries then afflicting mankind. A tertiary of St. Francis, he had practised for three years the greatest austerities as an anchorite, when God summoned him forth to preach repentance to the warring factions whose savage quarrels filled every city in the land with wretchedness. Like the other contemporary prophets, he spared neither clerk nor layman; and his bitter animadversions at Perugia on the evil life of Gerald, Abbot of Marmoutiers, papal vicar for the States of the Church, may perhaps account for his subsequent rough handling by the Inquisition. Gifted with miraculous power, as well as with the spirit of prophecy, he wandered from town to town, proclaiming the wrath of God, and foretelling misfortunes which, in the existing state of society, were almost sure to come to pass. To convince the incredulous at Siena, on a midsummer day he predicted a frost for the morrow. When it duly came he was accused of sorcery, seized by the Inquisition, and tortured nearly to death, but he was discharged when a miracle established his innocence and healed the wounds of the torture-chamber. After an intermediate pilgrimage to faroff Compostella, his preaching at Florence excited so much antagonism that again he was arrested by the Inquisition, cast into a dungeon, and kept three days without food or drink, to be finally discharged as insane. After his death at Foligno, unsuccessful attempts were made to procure his canonization, and he long remained an object of local veneration and worship. *
During the fifteenth century the Inquisition in central Italy subsided into the same unimportance that we have witnessed elsewhere. The effect of the Great Schism in reducing the respect felt for the papacy was especially felt in Italy, and the papal officials lost nearly all power of enforcing obedience, although the Inquisition at Pisa, when it was strengthened by the presence of the council held there in 1409, took its revenge on a man named Andreani, whom it burned for the crime of habitually and public-
ly ridiculing it. When the schism was healed at Constance, one of the earliest efforts of Martin V. was directed against the Fraticelli, whose increase in the Roman province he especially deprecated. In his bull on the subject, November 14, 1418, he complained that when inquisitors endeavored to exercise their office against the heretics the latter would claim the jurisdiction of some temporal lord and then threaten and insult their persecutors, so that the latter were afraid to perform their functions. Martin's only remedy was practically to supersede the inquisitors by special appointments, and this naturally sank the institution to a deeper degradation. Thus in 1424, when there were three Fraticelli to be tried in Florence, Martin placed the matter in the hands of Frà Leonardo, a Dominican professor of theology. Still the office of inquisitor continued to be sought and appointments to be made with more or less regularity, from motives which can easily be conjectured; but of activity against heresy there is scarce a trace. How unimportant its functions had become in Bologna may be gathered from the fact that in 1461 the inquisitor, Gabriele of Barcelona, was sent to Rome by his superiors to teach theology in the convent of Minerva, when Pius II. authorized him to appoint a vicar to discharge his duties during his absence. Ten years afterwards the Bolognese inquisitor, Frà Simone da Novara, was fortunate enough to lay hands on a man named Guizardo da Sassuolo, who was suspected of heresy. So completely were such proceedings forgotten that he felt obliged to apply for instructions to Paul II., who congratulated him on the capture, ordered him to proceed according to the canons, and desired the episcopal vicar to co-operate, Heretics evidently had grown scarce, and the inquisitorial functions had fallen into desuetude. *
was no Inquisition at hand to perform the duty. In the proceedings against Luther there is no trace of its intervention. The bull Exsurge Domine, June 15, 1520, contains no allusion to his doctrines having been examined by it; when they were publicly condemned, June 12, 1521, the ceremony was performed by the Bishop of Ascoli, Auditor of the Rota, and Silvestro Prierias, Master of the Sacred Palace, while the sentence which consigned his effigy and his books to the flames was pronounced by Frà Cipriano, professor in the College of Sacred Theology. It was perhaps the most momentous auto de fé that has ever been celebrated, but the Inquisition can boast of no participation in it. *
In the Two Sicilies the Inquisition dragged on a moribund existence. Letters of King Robert in 1334 and 1335 and of Joanna I. in 1342 and 1343 show that inquisitors continued to be appointed and to receive the royal exequatur, but they were limited to making fifty arrests each, and record of these was required to be entered in the royal courts; they had no jails, and the royal officials received their prisoners and tortured them when called upon. The Jews appear to be the main object of inquisitorial activity, and this can only have been halting, for in 1344 Clement VI. orders his legate at Naples, Aymerico, Cardinal of S. Martino, to punish condignly all apostate Jews, as though there were no Inquisition at work there. Yet in 1362 there were three inquisitors in Naples, Francesco da Messina, Angelo Cicerello da Monopoli, and Ludovico da Napoli, who took part in the trial of the rebellious Luigi di Durazzo. Still, when efforts were to be made against the Fraticelli, Urban V., in 1368, deemed it necessary to send a special inquisitor, Frà Simone del Pozzo, to Naples. Although his jurisdiction extended over the island of Sicily, Gregory XI., in 1372, when informed that the relics of the Fraticelli were venerated there as those of saints, ordered the prelates to put a stop to it, as though he had no inquisitor to call upon. Yet Frà Simone was there in that year, and had a theological disputation with Frà Niccolò di Girgenti, a learned Franciscan who had been provincial of his Order. The question turned upon some scholastic subtle-1 ties respecting the three persons of the Trinity, and as each dis-
putant claimed the victory, Simone proceeded to settle the matter by secretly prosecuting his antagonist for heresy. Niccolò got wind of this and at once appealed to Rome, before the Archbishop of Palermo, demanding his apostoli--an appeal which Simone pronounced frivolous. The revelations made by Niccolò as to his antagonists present a most dismal picture of the internal condition of the Church at the time, although Frà Simone's learning and ascetic life won him the popular reputation of a saint, and he obtained the bishopric of Catania, becoming an important political personage. In 1373 Frederic III. issued letters to all the royal officials ordering them to lend all aid to him and to his familiars, and the Inquisition seems to have been firmly established, with prisons of its own. In 1375 we find Gregory applying to the king for the confiscations, and procuring from the revenues of Palermo an appropriation of twelve ounces of gold, to be applied to the extermination of heresy. In this recrudescence of persecution the Jews appear to have been the principal victims. They appealed to Frederic, who in the same year, 1375, issued letters severely blaming the inquisitors and ordering that in future their prisoners should be confined only in the royal jails; that civil judges should assist in their decisions, and that an appeal should lie to the High Court. This was imposing serious limitations on inquisitorial jurisdiction, but no reclamation against it appears to have been made. In Naples, letters of Charles III., issued in 1382 to Frà Domenico di Astragola and Frà Leonardo di Napoli, show that inquisitors continued to be appointed. In 1389 Boniface IX. seems to unite Naples with Sicily by appointing Frà Antonio Traverso di Aversa as inquisitor on both sides of the Faro; but in 1391 another brief of the same pope alludes to the Inquisition of Sicily having become vacant by the death of Frà Francesco da Messina, and as there is customarily but one inquisitor there he fills the vacancy by the appointment of Frà Simone da Amatore. Frà Simone had a somewhat stormy career. Already, in 1392, he was replaced by Frà Giuliano di Mileto, afterwards Bishop of Cefalù, but seems to have regained his position, for in 1393 he was obliged by King Martin to refund moneys extorted from some Jews whom he had prosecuted for holding illicit relations with Christian women, and was told not to interfere with matters beyond his jurisdiction. Engaging in treasonable intrigues, he was driven from the island, and in 1397 we find him acting as papal legate and provincial in Germany. In 1400 he obtained his pardon from King Martin, and was allowed to reside in Syracuse, but was strictly forbidden from exercising the office of inquisitor. Meanwhile, in 1395, we hear of Guglielmo di Girgenti as inquisitor, and in 1397, of Matteo di Catania, a sentence by whom in that year, fining a Jew and his wife in forty ounces, was confirmed by the king, showing that the Inquisition continued to be subordinated to the civil power. Frà Matteo was inquisitor on both sides of the Faro, for a royal letter of 1399 describes him as such, and orders obedience rendered to his vicar, while another of 1403 shows that he still retained the position. A royal decree of 1402 specially provides for Jews an appeal to the king from all inquisitorial sentences, thus continuing what had long been the practice. In 1415 royal letters confirming the appointment of Frà Antonio de Pontecorona, others of 1427 in favor of Frà Benedetto da Perino, and of 1446, in favor of Frà Andrea de la Pascena, show that the organization was maintained, but all sentences were required to be transmitted to the viceroy, who submitted them to a royal judge before they were valid. Thus, in 1451, King Alfonso confirmed a fine of ten thousand florins, levied upon the Jews as a punishment for their usuries and other offences. * On the mainland we have seen proof of the decay of the Inquisition in the undisturbed growth of the Waldensian communities, and the complete breaking-down of its machinery is fairly illustrated in 1427, when Joanna II. undertook to enforce certain measures against the Jews of her kingdom. Had there been an effective and organized Inquisition she would have required no better instrument for her purpose; and it could only have been the absence of this that led her to call in the indefatigable persecutor, Frà Giovanni da Capistrano, to whom she issued a commission to coerce the Jews to abandon usury and to wear the sign Tau, as provided by law. He was empowered to decree such pun- ____________________
* MSS. Chioccarello, T. VIII.--Raynald, ann. 1344, No. 9; ann. 1368, No. 16; ann. 1372, No. 36; ann. 1375, No. 26.--Tocco, Archivio Storico Napolitan. Ann. XII. ( 1887), Fasc. 1.--Ripoll II. 311, 824, 364. -- Giuseppi Cosentino, Archivio Storico Siciliano, 1885, pp. 74-5, 87. -- La Mantia, Dell' Inquisizione in Sicilia, Torino, 1886, pp. 13-15. as he might deem fit, which were to be mercilessly inflicted by all judges and other officials, and he was moreover to constrain, under pain of confiscation, the Jews to surrender to him for cancellation all letters and privileges granted to them by former monarchs. Yet there was still a simulacrum of the Inquisition maintained, for in the following year, 1428, we find Martin V. confirming the appointment of Frà Niccolò di Camisio as Inquisitor of Benevento, Bari, and the Capitanata. * Whatever vitality the Inquisition retained was still more reduced when, in 1442, the House of Aragon obtained the throne of Naples. Giannone tells us that the Aragonese princes rarely admitted inquisitors, and, when they did so, required minute reports as to their every official act, never permitting any conviction without the participation of the secular magistrates, followed by royal confirmation, as we have seen to have been the case in Sicily. When, in 1449, Nicholas V. appointed Frà Matteo da Reggio as inquisitor to exterminate the apostate Jews who were said to be numerous throughout the kingdom, the terms employed would seem to indicate that for some time the Inquisition had been practically extinct, although but two years before he had given a commission to Frà Giovanni da Napoli, and although subsequent inquisitors were occasionally appointed. † In Sicily, however, in 1451, the Inquisition obtained fresh vitality by means of an ingenious device. Frà Enrico Lugardi, Inquisitor of Palermo, produced a most impudent forgery in the shape of a long and elaborate privilege purporting to have been issued by the Emperor Frederic II. in 1224, ordering all his Sicilian subjects to give aid and comfort to the "inquisitors of heretical pravity," and stating that, as it was unfitting that all confiscations should inure to the royal rise without rewarding the inquisitors for their toils and perils, the confiscations henceforth should be divided equally between the fisc, the Inquisition, and the Holy See; moreover, all Jews and infidels were required once a year
to supply inquisitors and their attendants, when in prosecution of their duty, with all necessaries for man and beast. Though the fraudulent character of this document was conspicuous on its face, to say nothing of a blunder in the regnal year of its date, the age was not a critical one; Frà Enrico seems to have had no trouble in inducing King Alonso to confirm it, and it was subsequently confirmed again in 1477 by Ferdinand and Isabella. The privileges which it conferred were substantial, and gave fresh importance to the Inquisition, although its judgments were still subjected to revision by the civil power. When, in 1474, famine led Sixtus IV. to request of the Viceroy Ximenes the shipment of a large supply of corn from Sicily to Rome, he wrote to the inquisitor, Frà Salvo di Cassetta, ordering him to strain every nerve to secure the granting of the favor. The inquisitor at that time was evidently a personage of influence, for Frà Salvo in fact was also confessor of the viceroy. The central tribunal of the Inquisition sat in Palermo, and there were three commissioners or deputies in charge of the three "valleys" of the island. * Ferdinand the Catholic, in founding the New Spanish Inquisition, obtained for his grand inquisitor the power of nominating deputies in all the dependencies of Castile and Aragon. About 1487 Fray Antonio de la Peña was sent to Sicily in that capacity, who speedily organized the Holy Office on its new basis throughout the island; and in 1492 an edict of banishment was issued against the Jews, who, as of old, were the chief objects of persecution. On the mainland there was more trouble. When, in 1503, Ferdinand acquired the kingdom of Naples, the Great Captain, Gonsalvo of Cordova, finding the people excited with the fear that the Spanish Inquisition might be introduced, made a solemn compact that no inquisitors should be sent thither. The old rules were kept in force; no one was allowed to be arrested without a special royal warrant, and no inquisitor could exercise any functions without the confirmation of his commission by the royal
Giuseppe Cosentino says ( Arehivio Storico Siciliano, 1885, p. 73) that the confirmation in 1451 by King Alonso of the diploma of Frederic II. is not to be found in the archives of Palermo, but that the royal letters of 1415 allude to a privilege granted by Frederic. Set also La Mantia, pp. 8-10, 13, 15. representative. Notwithstanding this, in 1504, Diego Deza, the Spanish inquisitor-general, sent to Naples an inquisitor and a receiver of confiscated property, with royal letters ordering them to have free exercise of their authority, but Gonsalvo, who knew by how slender a tenure the new dynasty held the allegiance of the people, seems not to have admitted them. Under the excuse that the Jews and New Christians expelled from Spain found refuge in Naples, the attempt was again made in 1510, and Andres Palacio was sent there as inquisitor, but the populace rose in arms and made demonstrations so threatening that even Ferdinand's fanaticism was forced to give way. The movements of the French in the north of Italy were disquieting, the loyalty of the Neapolitans was not to be relied upon, and the inquisitor was withdrawn with a promise that no further effort would be made to force upon the people the dreaded tribunal. Even Julius II. recognized the necessity of this and assented to the understanding. The Calabrian and Apulian Waldenses thus had a respite until the progress of the Reformation in Italy aroused the Church to renewed efforts and to a complete reorganization of its machinery of persecution. *
WHEN Innocent III. found himself confronted with the alarming progress of the Catharan heresy, his vigilant activity did not confine itself to Italy and Languedoc. The home of the belief lay to the east of the Adriatic among the Slavic races. Thence came the missionaries who never ceased to stimulate the zeal of their converts, and every motive of piety and of policy led him to combat the error at its source. Thus the field of battle stretched from the Balkans to the Pyrenees along a front of over a thousand miles, and the result might have been doubtful but for the concentration of moral and material forces resulting from the cetralized theocracy founded by Hildebrand.
The contest in the regions south of Hungary is instructive as an illustration of the unconquerable persistence of Rome in conducting for centuries an apparently resultless struggle, undeterred by defeat, talking advantage of every opening for a renewal of the strife, and using for its ends the ambition of monarchs and the self-sacrificing devotion of zealots. A condensed review of the rapid vicissitudes of such a contest is therefore not out of place, although the scene of action lay too far from the centres of European life to have decisive influence upon the development of European thought and belief, except as it served as a refuge for the persecuted and a centre of orthodoxy to which neophytes could be sent.
The vast regions east of the Adriatic scarce paid more than a nominal spiritual allegiance to Rome. A savage and turbulent population, conquered by Hungary towards the end of the eleventh century, and always endeavoring to throw off the yoke, was Christian in little more than name. Such Christianity as it boasted, moreover, was not Latin. The national ritual was Slavic, in spite of its prohibition by Gregory VII., and the Roman observance was detested, from its foreign origin, as the badge of subjugation.
The few Latin prelates and priests and monks were encamped amid a hostile population to whom they were strangers in language and manners, and the dissoluteness of their lives gave them no opportunity of acquiring a moral influence that might disarm national and race antipathies. Under such circumstances there was nothing to hinder the spread of Catharism, and when the devastating wars of the Hungarians came to be dignified as crusades for the extermination of heresy, heresy might well claim to be identified with patriotism. From the Danube to Macedonia, and from the Adriatic to the Euxine, the Catharan Church was well organized, divided into dioceses with their bishops, and actively engaged in mission work. Its most flourishing province was Bosnia, where, at the end of the twelfth century, it counted some ten thousand devoted partisans. Culin, the ban who held it under the suzerainty of Hungary, was a Catharan, and so were his wife and the rest of his family. Even Catholic prelates were suspected, not without cause, of leaning secretly to the heretic belief. * The earliest interference with heresy occurs at the end of the twelfth century, when the Archbishop of Spalatro, doubtless under impulsion from Innocent, drove out a number of Cathari from Trieste and Spalatro. They found ready refuge in Bosnia, where Culin welcomed them. Vulcan, King of Dalmatia, who had designs upon Bosnia, in 1199 represented to Innocent the deplorable prevalence of heresy there, and suggested that Emeric, King of Hungary, should be urged to expel the heretics. Innocent thereupon wrote to Emeric, sending him the severe papal decretal against the Patarins of Viterbo as a guide for his action, and ordering him to cleanse his territories of heresy and to confiscate all heretical property. Culin seems to have taken the initiative by attacking, Hungary, but at the same time he tried to make his peace with Rome by asserting that the alleged heretics were good Catholics. He sent some of them, with two of his prelates, to Innocent for examination, and asked for legates to investigate the matter on the spot. In 1202 the pope accordingly ordered his chaplain, Giovanni da Casemario, and the Archbishop of Spalatro, to
* Schmidt, Histoire des Cathares, I.104-9.--Gregor. PP. VII. Regist. VII:. 11.-Batthyani Legg. Eccles. Hung. II. 274, 289-90, 415-17.--Raynald. ann. 1203, No. 22.--Innocent. PP. III. Regest. II. 176. proceed to Bosnia, where, if they found any heretics, including the Ban himself, they were to be prosecuted according to the rigor of the canons. Giovanni successfully accomplished this mission in 1203. He reported to Innocent a pledge given by the Cathari to adopt the Latin faith, while, to insure the maintenance of religion, he recommended the erection of three or four additional bishoprics in the territory of the Ban, which were ten days' journey in extent and which yet had but one see, of which the incumbent was dead. At the same time King Emeric wrote that Giovanni bad brought to him the leaders of the heretics, and he bad found them converted to orthodoxy. Culin's son had likewise presented himself, and had entered into bonds of one thousand marks, to be forfeited in case he should hereafter protect heretics within his dominions. The triumph of the Church seemed assured, especially when, in the same year, Calo Johannes, the Emperor of the Bulgarians, applied to Innocent to have cardinals sent to crown him, and professed himself in all things obedient to the Holy See. *
All such hopes proved fallacious. With the development of the Albigensian troubles the attention of Innocent iv, as directed from the Slavs. The conversions made under pressure were but temporary. The metropolitan of the province, Arringer, Archbishop of Ragusa, filled the vacant see of Bosnia with a Catharan, and, dying himself soon after, his episcopal city became a nest of heretics. The few Catholic priests scattered through the region abandoned their posts, and Catholicism grow virtually almost extinct. In 1221 it is said that in the whole of Bosnia there was not a single orthodox preacher to be heard. Equally disheartening was the course of affairs among the Bulgarians. After Calo Johannes had been crowned by a legate from Rome, his quarrels with the Latin Emperors of Constantinople led to a breach, and in the wide territories under his dominion the Cathari had full liberty of conscience. †
At length the papal attention was again directed to this deplorable state of affairs. In 1221 Honorius III. sent his chaplain, Master Aconcio, as legate to Hungary, with orders to arouse the king and the prelates to a sense of their obligation to exterminate
the heretics who were thus openly defiant. On his way the legate paused at Ragusa to superintend the election of an orthodox archbishop, after which lie ordered all Dalmatia and Croatia to join in a crusade, but no one followed him, and he went alone to Bosnia, where he died the same year. Better results were promised by the ambition of Ugolin, Archbishop of Kalocsa, who desired to extend his province; he proposed to Andreas II. of Hungary that he would lead a crusade at his own cost, and king and pope promised him all the territories which he should clear of heretics, but Ugolin overrated his powers, and adopted the expedient of subsidizing with two hundred silver marks the ruler of Syrmia, Prince John, son of Margaret, widow of the Emperor Isaac Angelus. John took the money without performing his promise, though reminded of it by Honorius in 1227. Relieved from apprehension, the Bosnians deposed their Ban Stephen and replaced him with a Catharan, Ninoslav, one of the most notable personages in Bosnian history, who maintained himself from 1232 to 1250. *
The scale at length seemed to turn with the advent on the scene of the Mendicant Orders, full of the irrepressible enthusiasm, the disregard of toil and hardship, and the thirst for martyrdom of which we have already seen so many examples. Behind them now, moreover, was Gregory XI., the implacable and indefatigable persecutor of heresy, who urged them forward unceasingly. The Dominicans were first upon the ground. As early as 1221 the Order formed establishments in Hungary, developing its proselyting energy from that centre, and thus taking the heretics in flank. The Dominican legend relates that the Inquisition was founded in Hungary by Friar Jackzo (St. Hyacinth), an early member of the Order, who died in 1257, and that it could soon boast of two martyred inquisitors, Friar Nicholas, who was flayed alive, and Friar John, who was lapidated by the heretics. In 1233 we hear of the massacre of ninety Dominican missionaries among the Cumans, and it was perhaps somewhat earlier than this that thirty-two were drowned by the Bosnian heretics, whom they were seeking to convert; but Dominican ardor was only inflamed by such inci-
* Potthast No. 6612, 6725, 6802. -- Raynald. ann. 1225, No. 21. -- Klaic, Geschichte Bosniens, nach dem Kroatischen von Ivan v. Bojnicic, Leipzig, 1885, pp. 89-91. dents. Preparations were made for systematic work. In 1232 Gregory ordered his legate in Hungary, Giacopo, Bishop of Palestrina, to convert the Bosnians. King Andreas gave the Banate to his son Coloman, Duke of Croatia and Dalmatia, and ordered him to assist. Results soon followed. The Catholic Bishop of Bosnia was himself infected with heresy, and excused himself on the ground that he had ignorantly supposed the Cathari to be orthodox. The Archbishop of Ragusa was cognizant of this, and had paid no attention to it, so Giacopo transferred Bosnia to Kaloesaa transfer, however, which was for the present inoperative. More important was the conversion of Ninoslav, who abandoned the religion of his fathers in order to avert the attacks of Coloman, which were rapidly dismembering his territories. He was effusively welcomed by Gregory; he gave money to the Dominicans for the building of a cathedral; many of his magnates followed his example, and his kinsman, Uban Prijesda, handed his son to the Dominicans as a hostage for the sincerity of his conversion. Gregory was overjoyed at this apparent success. In 1233 he ordered the boy restored to his father; he took Bosnia under the special protection of the Holy See, and ordered Coloman to defend Ninoslav from the attacks of disaffected heretics; he deposed the heretic bishop, and instructed his legate to divide the territory into two or three sees, appointing proper incumbents. The latter measure was not carried out, however, and a German Dominican, John of Wildeshausen, was consecrated Bishop of all Bosnia. *
The Legate Giacopo returned to Hungary satisfied that the land was converted, but success proved fleeting. Either Ninoslav's conversion was feigned or be was unable to control his heretic subjects, for in the next year, 1234, we find Gregory complaining that heresy was increasing and rendering Bosnia a desert of the faith, a nest of dragons and a home of ostriches. In conjunction with Andreas he ordered a crusade, and Coloman was instructed to attack the heretics. The Carthusian Prior of St. Bartholomew was sent thither to preach it with Holy Land indulgences, and by the end of 1234 Coloman laid Bosnia waste with fire and sword.
* Monteiro, Historia da Sacra Inquisição P. I. Liv. 1, c. 59.--Paramo, p. 111.-Raynald. ann. 1257, No. 13. -- Hist. Ord. Prædic. c. 8. (Martene Ampl. Coll. VI. 338).--Ripoll I. 70.--Klaic, pp. 92-4. Ninoslav threw himself heart and soul with the Cathari, and the struggle was bloody and prolonged. The Legate Giacopo induced Bela IV. to take an oath to extirpate all heretics from every land under his jurisdiction, and the Franciscans hastened to take a hand in the good work. They commenced with the city of Zara, but the Archbishop of Zara, instead of seconding their labors, impeded them, which earned for him the emphatic rebuke of Gregory. Indeed, from the account which Yvo of Narbonne gives about this time of the Cathari of the maritime districts, they could not have been much disturbed by these proceedings. *
In 1235 the crusaders were unlucky. Bishop John lost all hope of recovering his see and asked Gregory to relieve him of it, as the labors of war were too severe for him; but Gregory reproved his faintheartedness, telling him that if he disliked war the love of God should urge him on. † In 1236 the aspect of affairs improved, probably because Bela IV. had replaced Andreas on the throne of Hungary, and because the crusaders were energetically aided by Sebislav, Duke of Usora, the son of the former Ban Stephen, who hoped to recover the succession. He was rewarded by Gregory calling him a lily among thorns and the sole representative Of orthodoxy among the Bosnian chiefs, who were all heretics. At last, in 1237, Coloman triumphed, but heresy was not eradicated, in spite of his efforts through the following years. In fulfilment of his request, Gregory ordered the consecration of the Dominican Ponsa as Bishop of Bosnia, and soon afterwards appointed Ponsa as legate for three years in order that he might exterminate the remnant of heresy. It must have been a tolerably large remnant, for in the same breath he promised the protection of the Holy See to all who would take the cross to extirpate it. In 1239 the Provincial Prior of Hungary was ordered to send to the heretic districts a number of friars, powerful in speech and ac-
* Epist. Sæc. XIII. T. I. No. 574, 601. -- Ripoll I. 70. -- Potthast No. 9726, 9733-8, 10019, 10052.--Klaic, p. 96.--Batthyani Legg. Eccles. Hung. I. 355.-Matt. Paris ann. 1243 (Ed. 1644, pp. 412-13). † Bishop John succeeded in resigning his bishopric, and became Grand Master of his Order. A contemporary, who knew him personally, describes him as a man of apostolic virtue, who distributed in alms the revenue of his see, amounting to 8000 marks, and performed his journeys on foot, with an ass to carry his books and vestments. After his death at Strassburg lie shone in miracles.--Thomæ Cantimprat. Bonum universale Lib. II. c. 56. tion, to consummate the work. Ponsa, though bishop and led-ate, had no revenues and no resources, so Gregory ordered paid over to him the moneys collected from crusaders in redemption of vows, and the sum which Ninoslav, during his interval of orthodoxy, had given to found a cathedral. By the end of 1239 heresy seemed to be exterminated, but scarce had Coloman and his crusaders left the land when his work was undone and heresy was as vigorous as ever. In 1240 Ninoslav appears again as Ban, visiting Ragusa with a splendid retinue to renew the old treaty of trade and alliance. King Bela's energies, in fact, were just then turned in another direction, for Assan, the Bulgarian prince, had declared in favor of the Greeks; his people therefore were denounced as heretics and schismatics, and Bela was stimulated to undertake a crusade against him, for which, as usual, Holy Land indulgences were promised. It was hard to make head at once against so many enemies of the faith, and in the confusion the Cathari of Bosnia had a respite. Still more important for them as a preventive of persecution was the Tartar invasion which, in 1241, reduced Hungary to a desert. In the bloody day of Flusse Sajo the Hungarian army was destroyed, Bela barely escaped with his life, and Coloman was slain. The respite was but temporary, however, for in 1244 Bela again overran Bosnia. Ninoslav made his peace and the heretics were persecuted, until 1246, when Hungary was involved in war with Austria, and promptly they rose again with Ninoslav at their head. *
All these endeavors to diffuse the blessings of Christianity bad not been made without bloodshed. We have few details of these obscure struggles in a land little removed from barbarism, but there is one document extant which shows that the Albigensian crusades, with all their horrors, bad been repeated to no purpose. In 1247 Innocent IV., in making over the see of Bosnia to the Archbishop of Kalocsa, alludes to the labors performed by him and his predecessors in the effort to redeem it from heresy. They had meritoriously devastated the greater part of the land; they had carried away into captivity many thousands of heretics, with great effusion of blood, and no little slaughter of their own men
* Potthast No. 10223-6, 10507, 10335, 10631-9, 10688-93, 10822-4, 10842.-Ripoll I. 102-4, 106-7.--Schimdt, I. 122.--Klaic, pp. 97-107. and waste of their substance. In spite of these sacrifices, as the churches and castles which they had built were not strong enough to resist siege, the land could not be retained in the faith; it had wholly relapsed into heresy, and there was no hope of its voluntary redemption. The church of Kalocsa bad been thoroughly exhausted, and it was now rewarded by placing the recalcitrant region under its jurisdiction, in the expectation that some future crusade might be more fortunate. Innocent IV. had, a few months earlier, ordered Bela to undertake a decisive struggle with the Cathari, but Ninoslav appealed to him, protesting, that he had been since his conversion a faithful son of the Church, and had only accepted the aid of the heretics because it was necessary to preserve the independence of the Banate. Moved by this, Ilinocent instructed the Archbishop of Kalocsa to abstain from further persecution. He ordered an investigation into the faith and actions of Ninoslav, and gave permission to use the Glagolitic writing and the Slavic tongue in the celebration of Catholic service, recognizing that this would remove an obstacle to the propagation of the faith. Ninoslav's last years were peaceful, but after his death, about 1250, there were civil wars stimulated by the antagonism between Catharan and Catholic. He was succeeded by Prijesda, who bad remained Catholic since his conversion in 1233. Under pretence of supporting Prijesda, Bela intervened, and by 1254 he had again reduced Bosnia to subjection, leading, doubtless, to active persecution of heresy, although the transfer of the see of Bosnia to Kalocsa was not carried into effect. * It was about this time that Rainerio Saccone gives us his computation of the Perfects in many of the Catharan churches. In Constantinople there were two churches, a Latin and a Greek, the former compiring fifty Perfects. The latter, together with those of Bulgaria, Roumania, Slavonia, and Dalmatia, he estimates at about five hundred. This would indicate a very large number of believers, and shows how unfruitful had been the labors and the wars which had continued for more than a generation. In fact, although Bela's long reign lasted until 1270, he failed utterly in his efforts to extirpate heresy. On the contrary, the Cathari grew
ever stronger and the Church sank lower and lower. Even the Bosnian bishops dared no longer to remain in their see, but resided in Djakovar. So little reverence was there felt in those regions for the Holy See that so near as Trieste, when, in 1264, two Dominicans commissioned to preach the crusade against the Turks endeavored to perform their duty, the dean and canons hustled them violently out of the church, and would not even allow them to address the crowd in the public square, while the archdeacon publicly declared that any one who listened to them was excommunicate. *
Things grew worse with the accession, in 1272, of Bela's grandson, Ladislas IV., known as the Cuman, from his mother Elizabeth, a member of that pagan tribe. Ladislas lived with the Cumans and shared their religion until his contempt for the Holy See manifested itself in the most offensive manner. The papal legate, Filippo, Bishop of Fermo, had called a council to meet at Buda, when Ladislas ordered the magistrates of the city not to permit the entrance of any prelates, or the supplying of any food to the legate, who was thus forced to depart ignominiously. This called down upon him the anger of Rodolph of Hapsburg and of Charles of Anjou, and he was fain, in 1280, to make reparation, not only by a humble apology and a grant of one hundred marks per annum for the founding of a hospital, but by adopting and publishing as the law of the land all the papal statutes against heresy, and swearing to enforce them vigorously, while his mother Elizabeth did the same as Duchess of Bosnia. Something was gained by this, and still more, when, in 1282, Ladislas appointed as ruler of Bosnia his brother-in-law, Stephen Dragutin, the exiled King of Servia. The latter, although a Greek, persecuted the Cathari; and when, about 1290, he was converted to Catholicism, his zeal increased. He sent to Rome Marino, Bishop of Antivari, to report the predominance of heresy and to ask for aid. Nicholas IV. promptly responded by commissioning a legate to Andreas III., the new King of Hungary, to preach a crusade, and the Emperor Rodolph was ordered to assist, but the effort was bootless. Equally vain was his command to the Franciscan Minister of Slavonia to select
two friars acquainted with the language, and send them to Bosnia to extirpate heresy. The request at the same time made to Stephen to support them with the secular arm shows that the missionaries were in fact inquisitors. Unluckily, Nicholas in his zeal also employed Dominicans in the business. Inspired by the traditional hatred between the Orders, the inquisitors, or missionaries, employed all their energies in quarrelling with each other, and became objects of ridicule instead of terror to the heretics. *
In 1298 Boniface VIII. undertook finally to organize the Inquisition in the Franciscan province of Slavonia, which comprised all the territory south of Hungary, from the Danube to Macedonia. The provincial minister was ordered to appoint two friars as inquisitors for this immense region, and was intrusted as usual with the power of removing and replacing them. This slender organization he endeavored to supplement by ordering the Archbishop of Kalocsa to preach a crusade, but there was no response, and the proposed Inquisition effected nothing. When Stephen Dragutin died, in 1314, Bosnia was conquered by Mladen Subic, son of the Ban of Croatia, under whom it was virtually independent of Hungary. Mladen made some show of persecuting heresy -- at least when he had a request to make at Avignon--but as the vast majority of his subjects were Cathari, whose support was absolutely necessary to him, it is safe to say that be made no serious effort. In 1319 John XXII. describes the condition of Bosnia as deplorable. There were no Catholic ecclesiastics, no reverence for the sacraments; communion was not administered, and in many places the rite of baptism was not even known or understood. When such a pontiff as John felt obliged to appeal to Mladen himself to put an end to this reproach, it shows that he had no means of effective coercion at hand. † Mladen was overthrown by Stephen Kostromanic, and when be fled to Hungary, Charles Robert cast him in prison, leaving undisturbed possession to Stephen, who styled himself Ban by the grace of God. Stephen, in 1322, seems to have abandoned Catholicism, joining either the Greeks or the Cathari, but in spite of this
affairs commenced to look more favorable. Hungary began to emerge from the disorders and disasters which had so long crippled it, and King Charles Robert was inclined to listen to exhortations as to his duty towards the Bosnian heretics. In 1323, therefore, John XXII. made another attempt, sending Frà Fabiano thither and ordering Charles Robert and Stephen to give him effective support. The latter was obdurate, though the former seems to have manifested some zeal, if one may believe the praises bestow ed on him in 1327 by John. Fabiano was indefatigable, but his duty proved no easy one. At the very outset he met with unexpected resistance in a city so near at hand as Trieste. When he endeavored there to enforce the decrees against heresy, and to arouse the people to a sense of their duty, the bells were rung, a mob was assembled, be was dragged from the pulpit and beaten, the leaders in the disturbance being two canons of the Cathedral, Michele da Padua, and Raimondo da Cremona, who were promptly ordered by the pope to be prosecuted as suspects of heresy. Hardly had he settled this question when he was involved in a controversy with the rival Dominicans, whom he found to be poaching on his preserves. A zealous Dominican, Matteo of Agram, by suppressing the fact that Slavonia was Franciscan territory, had obtained from John letters authorizing the Dominican provincial to appoint inquisitors, commissioned to preach a crusade with Holy Land indulgences, and these inquisitors bad been urgently recommended by the pope to the Kino, of Hungary and other potentates. It was impossible that the Orders could co-operate in harmony, and Fabiano made haste to represent to John the trap into which lie had been led. The pope was now at the height of his controversy with the greater part of the Franciscans over the question of poverty, and it was impolitic to give just grounds of complaint to those who remained faithful; he therefore promptly recalled the letters given to the Dominicans, and scolded them roundly for deceiving him. Even yet it seemed impossible for Fabiano to penetrate beyond the borders of his district, or to work without impediment, for in 1329 be was occupied with prosecuting for heresy the Abbot of SS. Cosmas and Damiani of Zara and one of his monks, when John, the Archbishop of Zara, intervened forcibly and stopped the proceedings. The difficulties thrown in Fabiano's way must have been great, for he felt compelled to visit Avignon for their removal, but his usual ill-luck accompanied him. The contest between the papacy on the one side, and the Visconti and Louis of Bavaria on the other, rendered parts of Lombardy unsafe for papalists, and a son of Belial named Franceschino da Pavia had no scruple in laying, hands on the inquisitor and despoiling him of his horses, books, and papers. During all this time the Inquisition must have been at a standstill, but at last Fabiano overcame all obstacles. In 1330 he returned to the scene of action; Charles Robert and Stephen lent him their assistance, and the work of suppressing the Cathari commenced under favorable auspices, and by the methods which we have seen so successful elsewhere. The condition of the Bosnian Church may be guessed from the fear felt by John XXII. that the bishops would be heretics, leading him, in 1331, to reserve their appointment to the Holy See. Yet on the death of Bishop Peter, in 1334, the chapter elected a successor, and Charles Robert endeavored to force a layman on the Church, causing a disgraceful quarrel which was not settled until Benedict XII., in 1336, pronounced in favor of the candidate of the chapter. *
The spiritual condition of the Slavs at this period is indicated by an occurrence in 1331 nearer home. The Venetian inquisitor, Frà Francesco Chioggia, in visiting his district, found in the province of Aquileia innumerable Slavs who worshipped a tree and fountain. Apparently they were impervious to his exhortations, and he had no means at the moment to enforce obedience. He was obliged to preach against them, in Friuli, a crusade with Holy Land indulgences. He thus raised an armed force with which he cut down the tree and choked up the fountain; unfortunately, we have no record of the fate of the nature-worshippers. † Benedict XII. was as earnest as his predecessor. Yet even Dalmatia was still full of heresy, for in 1335 he felt obliged to write to the Archbishop of Zara and the Bishops of Trau and Zegna, ordering them to use every means for the extermination of heretics, and to give efficient support to the inquisitors. The Dalmatian prelates, it is true, prevailed upon the magistrates of Spalatro and Trau to
* Klaic, pp. 124-5, 139-40, 154-6.--Theiner Monument. Slavor. Merid. I. 157, 234.--Raynald. ann. 1325, No. 28; ann. 1327, No. 48.--Wadding. ann. 1325, No. 1-4; ann. 1326, No. 3-7; ann. 1329, No. 16; ann. 1330, No. 10. † Archivio di Venezia, Fontanini MSS. III. 560. enact laws against heresy, but these were not enforced. A century had passed since the Inquisition was founded, and yet the duties of persecution had not even then been learned on the shores of the Adriatic. The work seemed further than ever from accomplishment. The Cathari continued to multiply under the avowed protection of Stephen and his magnates. A gleam of light appeared, however, when, in 1337, the Croatian Count Nelipic, a bitter enemy of Stephen, offered his services to Benedict, who joyfully accepted them, and summoned all the Croatian barons to range themselves under his banner in aid of the pious labors of Fabiano and his colleagues. War ensued between Bosnia and Croatia, of the details of which we know little, except that it brought no advantage to the faith, until it threatened to spread. * Stephen's position, in fact, was becoming precarious. To the east was Stephen Dusan the Great, who styled himself Emperor of Servia, Greece, and Bulgaria, and who had shown himself unfriendly since the union of Herzegovina with Bosnia. To the north was Charles Robert, who was preparing to take part in the war. It is true that the Venetians, desirous to keep Hungary away from their Adriatic possessions, were ready to form an alliance with Stephen, but the odds against him were too great. He probably intimated a readiness to submit, for when, in 1339, Benedict sent the Franciscan General Gherardo as legate to Hungary, Charles Robert convoyed him to the Bosnian frontier, where Stephen received him with all honor, and said that he was not averse to extirpating the Cathari, but feared that in case of persecution they would call in Stephen Dusan. If liberally supported by the pope and King of Hungary he would run the risk. In 1340 Benedict promised him the help of all Catholics, and he allowed himself to be converted, an example followed by many of the magnates. It was quite time, for Catholicism had virtually disappeared from Bosnia, where the churches were mostly abandoned and torn down. Gherardo hastened to follow up his advantage by sending missionaries and inquisitors into Bosnia. That there was no place there, however, for the methods of the Inquisition, and that persuasion, not force, was required, is seen by the legends which recount how
* Theiner Monument. Slavor. Merid. I. 174, 175.--Wadding. ann. 1331, No. 4; ann. 1337, No. 1.--Raynald. ann. 1335, No. 62.-- Klaic, pp. 157-8. one of these inquisitors, Fray Juan de Aragon, made numerous converts, after a long and bitter disputation in an heretical assembly, by standing unhurt on a blazing pyre; and how one of his disciples, John, repeated the experience, remaining in the flames while one might chant the Miserere. These miracles, we are told, were very effective, and the stories show that nothing else could have been so. Stephen remained true to his promises, and the Catholic Church commenced to revive. A bull of Clement VI., in 1344, recites that, deceived by the falsehoods of the Franciscan General Gherardo, he had ordered the Bosnian tithes paid over to the friars on the pretext of rebuilding the churches, but on the representation of Laurence, Bishop of Bosnia, that they belonged to him and that he had no other source of support, he is in future to receive them. At the instance of Clement, in 1345, Stephen consented to allow the return of Valentine, Bishop of Makarska, who for twenty years had been an exile from his see, and the next year a third bishopric, that of Duvno, was erected. The Catharan magnates were restless, however, and when Dusan the Great, in 1350, invaded Bosnia many of them joined him, but their prospects became worse when peace followed in 1351, and when, in 1353, shortly before his death, Stephen married his only child to Louis of Hungary, a zealous Catholic who had succeeded his father, Charles Robert, in 1342. * Stephen Kotromanic was succeeded by his young nephew, Stephen Tvrtko, under the regency of his mother, Helena. Under such circumstances, dissatisfied and insubordinate Catharan magnates had ample opportunity to produce confusion. Of this full advantage was taken by Louis of Hungary as soon as the death of Dusan the Great, in 1355, relieved him from that formidable antagonist. The Dominicans hastened, in 1356, to obtain from Innocent VI. a confirmation of the letters of John XXII., of 1327, authorizing them to preach a crusade against the heretics with Holy Land indulgences. Louis seized Herzegovina as a dower for his wife Elisabeth, reduced Stephen Tvrtko to the position of a vassal, and forced him to swear to extirpate the Cathari. Not content with this he proceeded to stir up rebellion among the magnates, pro-
* Klaic, pp. 159-61, 181-3.--Wadding. ann. 1340, No. 6-10.--Theiner, op. cit. I. 211. ducing great confusion, during which the Cathari regained their position. Then, in 1360, Innocent VI. conferred on Peter, Bishop of Bosnia, full powers as papal inquisitor, and also ordered a new crusade, which served as a pretext to Louis for a fresh invasion. Nothing was accomplished by this; but in 1365 the Cathari, irritated at Tvrtko's efforts to suppress them, drove him and his mother from Bosnia. Louis furnished him with troops, and asked Urban V. to send two thousand Franciscans to convert the heretics. After a desperate struggle Tvrtko regained the throne. His brother, Stephen Vuk, who had aided the rebels, fled to Ragusa and embraced Catholicism, after which, in 1368, he appealed for aid to Urban V., representing that his heretic brother bad disinherited him on account of his persecuting heretics. Urban accordingly urged Louis to protect the orthodox Vuk, and to force Tvrtko to abandon his errors, but nothing came of it. Whether Tvrtko was Catharan or Catholic does not clearly appear. Probably he was indifferent to all but his personal interests, and was ready to follow whatever policy promised to serve his ambition, and his success shows that be must have bad the support of his subjects, who were nearly all Cathari. Although, in 1368, Urban V. congratulated Louis of Hungary on the success of his arms, aided by the friars, in bringing into the fold many thousand heretics and schismatics, Louis himself, in 1372, reported that Christianity was established in but few places; in some the two faiths were commingled, but for the most part all the inhabitants were Cathari. It was in vain that Gregory XI. endeavored to found Franciscan houses as missionary centres; the Bosnians would not be weaned from their creed. Had Tvrtko followed a policy of persecution he could not have accomplished the conquests which, for a brief period, shed lustre on the Bosnian name. He extended his sway over a large part of Servia and over Croatia and Dalmatia, and when, in 1316, he assumed the title of king, there was no one to dispute it. After his death, in 1391, the magnates asserted virtual independence under a succession of royal puppets--Stephen Dabisa, his young son, under the regency of his widow, Helena, and then Stephen Ostoja. The most powerful man in Bosnia was the Vojvode Hrvoje Vukcic, who ruled the north, and next to him was his kinsman Sandalj Hranic who dominated the south. Both of these men were Cathari, and so was the king, Stephen Ostoja, and all his family. Catholicism almost disappeared, and Catharisin was the religion of the State. It was organized under a Djed (grandfather), or chief, with twelve Ucitelji, or teachers, of whom the first was the Gost, or visitor, the deputy and successor of the Djed, and the second was known as the Starac, or elder. *
These were state officials, and we see them occasionally acting in an official capacity. Thus, when, in 1404, the Vojvode Paul Klesic, who had been exiled, was recalled, it was the Djed Radomjer who sent Catharan envoys to Ragusa to briny him home, and who wrote to the Doge of Ragusa on the subject. Klesic was a Catharan, and his residence in Ragusa, as well as that of many similar Catharan exiles, shows that persecution had grown obsolete even on the coast of the Adriatic. In spite of his Catharism, Hrvoje Vukcic was made by Ladislas of Naples, Duke of Spalatro and lord of some of the Dalmatian islands, thus making Catharism dominant along the shore. In the troubles which ended in the deposition of Stephen Ostoja and the election of Stephen Tvrtko II. a "Congregation of the Bosnian Lords" was held in 1404, in which, among those present, are enumerated the Djed and several of his Ucitelji, but no mention is made of any Catholic bishop. Toleration seemed to have established itself. The Great Schism gave the Holy See abundant preoccupation, and missionary efforts are no longer heard of, until the Emperor Sigismund, as King of Hungary, bethought himself of re-establishing his claim over Bosnia. Two armies sent in 1405 were unsuccessful, but in 1407 Gregory XII. aided him with a bull summoning Christendom to a
* Klaic, pp. 184-5, 187-8, 190-5, 200-1, 223, 262, 268-77, 287, 369.--Theiner Monument. Slavor. Merid. I. 233, 240.--Wadding. ann. 1356, No. 7; ann. 1368, No. 1-3; inn. 1369, No. 11; ann. 1372, No. 31-33; ann. 1373, No. 17; ann. 1382, No. 2.--Raynald. ann. 1368, No. 18; ann. 1372, No. 32.--Pet. Ranzani Epit. Rer. Hung. XIX. (Schwandtner Rer. Hung. Scriptt. p. 377). In 1367 we find the people of Cattaro appealing to Urban V. for aid against the schismatics of Albania, and the heretics of Bosnia who were endeavoring to convert them by force ( Theiner, op. cit. I. 259), which probably refers to some enterprise of the restless Sandalj Hranic. Yet when, in 1383, we hear of a Bishop of Bosnia, recently dead, who had left 12,000 florins to Louis of Hungary, and had then bequeathed the debt to the Holy See (Ib. p. 337), we can only conclude that the orthodox Bosnian Church continued to exist and was not wholly penniless.
crusade against the Turks, the apostate Arians, and the Manichæans. Under these auspices, in 1408, he led a force of sixty thousand Hungarians and Poles into Bosnia, defeated and captured Tvrtko II., and recovered Croatia and Dalmatia, but the Bosnians were obstinate, and replaced Ostoja on the throne. Another expedition, in 1410-1411 drove Ostoja to the south, and Sigismund, for a while, retained possession of Bosnia, but when, in 1415, he released Tvrtko II. and sent him to Bosnia as king, a civil war immediately ensued. Tvrtko at first was successful, supported with a large Hungarian army, but Ostoja called the Turks to his assistance, and in a decisive battle the Hungarians were defeated. The Turks penetrated to Cillei in the Steyermark, devastating and plundering everywhere, and on their return carried with them thousands of Christian captives. *
This shows the new factor which had injected itself into the already tangled problem. In 1389 the fatal day of the Amselfeld had thrown open the whole Balkan peninsula to the Turks, who since then had been steadily winning their way. In 1392 we hear of their first incursion in southern Bosnia, after which they had constantly taken a greater part in the affairs of the Banate. The condition of the country was that of savage and perpetual civil war. There was no royal power capable of enforcing order, and the magnates were engaged in tearing each other to pieces. Devoid of all sentiment of nationality, no one bad any scruple in calling in the aid of the infidel, in paying allegiance to him, or in subsidizing him to prevent his joining the opposite party. It was the same with Catholic, Catharan, and Greek. No sense of the ever-approaching danger served to make them abandon their internecine quarrels, and if a temporary petty advantage was to be gained there was no hesitation in aiding the Turk to a farther advance. The only wonder is that the progress of the Moslem conquest was so slow; there can be little doubt that it could have been arrested by united effort, and it may be questioned whether the rule of Islam was not, after all, an improvement on the state of virtual anarchy which it replaced. To the peasantry it offered itself rather as a deliverance. When, in 1461, Stephen Tomasevic ascended the throne, in his appeal for aid to Pius II. he describes
* Klaic, pp. 275, 287-8, 291, 297-8, 304-5, 312-13, 324. the Turks as treating the peasants kindly, promising them freedom, and thus winning them over, and he adds that the magnates cannot defend their castles when thus abandoned by the peasants. *
As regards the Cathari, the Turkish advance produced two contrary effects. On the one hand there was the danger that persecution would drive them to seek protection from the enemy. On the other hand there was absolute need of assistance from Christendom, which could only be obtained by submission to Rome, and obedience to her demands for their extermination. Both of these influences worked to the destruction of Bosnia, for when toleration was practised aid was withheld, and when at last persesecution was established as a policy the Cathari welcomed the invader, and contributed to the subjugation of the kingdom.
In 1420 Stephen Tvrtko II. reappeared upon the scene, and the next year he was acknowledged. There followed a breathingspace, for the Turkish general Isaac was defeated and killed during an incursion into Hungary, and Mahomet I., involved in strife with Mustapha, had no leisure to repair the disaster. This did not last long however for in 1424 the sons of Ostoja endeavored, with Turkish help, to win back their father's throne, the only result of which was a war ending with the surrender of a portion of Bosnian territory to Murad II. Again, in 1433, when Tvrtko was fighting with the Servian despot, George Brankovic, he was suddenly called to the south to withstand a Turkish inroad invited by Radivoj, one of the sons of Ostoja, and this was immediately followed by the rising of Sandalj Hranic, the powerful magnate of Herzegovina, who drove Tvrtko to seek refuge with Sigismund. His absence lasted three years, during which the wildest confusion reigned in Bosnia, the Turks being constantly called in to participate with one side or the other. †
Meanwhile the rise of the Observantine Franciscans was restoring to the Church some of its old missionary fervor, and furnishing it with the necessary self-devoted agents. In spite of the preoccupations arising from the contest between Eugenius IV. and the Council of Basle, an effort was made to win back Bosnia to the faith. If anything could accomplish this there might be
hope from the fierce and inexhaustible enthusiasm of the Observantine Friar, the Blessed Giacomo della Marca, who had already given evidence of ruthless efficiency as inquisitor of the Italian Fraticelli. In 1432 he was accordingly sent with full powers to reform the Franciscan Order in Slavonia, and to turn its whole energies to missionary work. Under this impulsion we are told that conversions were numerous from Bosnia to Wallachia, and Eugenius IV. stimulated rivalry by also setting the Dominicans at work. In 1434 Giacomo was driven out, but was sent back the next year, and distinguished himself by redoubled ardor and success, attributed, according to his biographers, partly to his miraculous powers. Alarmed at his progress, the wicked queen sent four assassins to despatch him, when he extended his arms and bade them do whatever God would permit, whereupon they became rigid and suffered agonies until he prayed for their release. Indignant at this attempt, he bearded the king and queen in full court, and his boldness gained him so many converts that the king, became alarmed for his throne. A sorcerer was accordingly employed to slay the intrepid inquisitor, but Giacomo promptly rendered the man speechless for life. Some heretics then sawed through the supports of a platform where he was preaching. It fell, but he escaped, and to this day, says the legend, the posterity of the perpetrators have all been born halt and lame. These proofs of divine favor led to numerous conversions, but he became involved in quarrels with the Catholic clergy, caused, we are told, by envy, and they excommunicated him, so that he was obliged to seek absolution from the pope. His triumphant career was cut short by a summons from the Emperor Sigismund to assist in the pacification of the Hussite troubles, and his field of action was transferred to regions farther north where we shall meet him hereafter. Even there, however, he did not forget his Bosnian enemies, for at Stuhlweissenburg, on meeting the legates of the Council of Basle, he at once asked them to exert their influence on Sigismund. Though King Stephen, he said, was an unbaptized heretic who would not allow his subjects to be baptized, a command from the emperor would be sufficient to compel him to yield. Giacomo, moreover, had left behind him worthy disciples from among the natives. One of these, the Blessed Angelo of Verbosa, shone also by miraculous gifts. On one occasion the heretics gave him poison to drink, but on making the sign of the cross above the cup it became innocuous, which brought him many converts. *
This legendary extravagance has some foundation in fact. A bull of Eugenius IV., in 1437, speaks of sixteen Franciscan churches and monasteries destroyed by the Turks within two years, and another grants to the friars who remained certain privileges in hearing confessions, which show that they had been active, and had been winning their way. Giacomo's influence at Stuhlweissenburg is, moreover, indicated by his inducing Sigismund to compel Stephen Tvrtko to undergo baptism, and to issue from that place, in January, 1436, an edict taking the Franciscans under his protection, and permitting them to spread Catholicism throughout Bosnia. In reward for this Sigismund aided his return to his kingdom, which he found possessed partly by Servia, partly by the Turks, and wholly devastated. For what he could obtain of this ruined land he had to render allegiance to Murad II., and to pay him a yearly tribute of twenty-five thousand ducats. Wretched as was this simulacrum of royalty, it was incompatible with the favor which he had been compelled to show to Catholicism. Southern Bosnia by this time was independent under Stephen Vukcic, nephew and successor of Sandalj; as a Catharan, he was regarded throughout Bosnia as the defender of the national faith, and, in alliance with Murad II., he overthrew Stephen Tvrtko II. †
In 1444 another king was elected in the person of Stephen Thomas Ostojic, a younger natural son of Ostoja, who had carefully kept himself in obscurity with a low-born Catharan wife, to whom he had been married with the Catharan ceremony--a fact which subsequently served as an excuse for a divorce. Almost the first question which the new king had to decide was whether he would adhere to his religion or cast his fortunes with Catholicism. The Church had not relaxed its efforts to win over the fragments re-
* Wadding. ann. 1433, No. 12-13; ann. 1435, No. 1-7, 9; ann. 1476, No. 3940; ann. 1498, No. 2.--Ægid. Carlerii Lib. de Legationibus (Monument. Concil. General. Sæc. XV. T. I. p. 676). † Theiner Monument. Slavor. Merid. I. 375,376. -- Klaic, pp. 354-6, 364-5, 369. maining of Bosnia, in spite of the fact that it was only aiding, the designs of the Turks by adding to confusion and discord. In 1437 the vacancy left by Giacomo della Marca had been filled by the appointment of Frà Niccolò of Trau, and since 1439 Tommaso, Bishop of Lesina, had been in Bosnia as papal legate, busily engaged in furthering the interests of Catholicism. He had failed in an effort to convert Stephen Vukcic, but the advent of a new king was an incentive to further exertions. Eugenius promptly appointed the Observantine Vicar of Bosnia, Fabiano of Bacs, and his successors perpetual inquisitors over the Slavonic lands, and instructed the Bishop of Lesina to promise Stephen Thomas the recognition of his election if he would embrace the true faith. The position iv, as a difficult one. All his magnates, with the exception of Peter Vojsalic, were Catharans, and to offend them would be to invite Turkish intervention, while, so long as he held aloof from Christendom, he could expect no aid from the West. Doubtless promises that could not be fulfilled were made to him in plenty, for he concluded to cast his fortunes with Catholicism, but he abstained from receiving the crown offered to him by Eugenius for fear of offending his Catharan subjects. He permitted the erection of two new bishoprics, he was duly baptized, and he labored long and earnestly to induce his subjects to follow his example. Nearly all his magnates did so, but Stephen Vukcic was a conspicuous exception, and the common people were not so easily moved. Even the king himself did not dare to omit the customary "adoration" of the Perfects, for which he was duly excommunicated by the inquisitor, but the pope recognized the difficulty of his position, and wisely gave him a dispensation for associating with heretics. *
Although many Catholic churches were built, the legate reported, on a visit to Rome, that the land was too full of heresy for other cure than the sword. The king's position was too insecure for him to venture on persecution, which would infallibly have led to a revolt. In a grant, in 1446, of certain towns to Count Paul Dracrisic and his brothers, who were zealous Cathari,
it is provided that, in case of their committing treason, the gift is not to be resumed without a previous investigation "by the Lord Djed and the Bosnian Church and good Bosnians." The Franciscans complained of his lukewarmness to Nicholas V., when he justified himself on the plea of necessity; he longed, he said, for the time when he could offer to his subjects the alternative of death or conversion, but as yet the heretics were too numerous and powerful and his position too precarious. Nicholas calmed the Franciscans, and they eagerly awaited the good time to come. *
The defeat, in 1448, of John Hunyady, in a three days' battle on the historic Amselfeld, led, in 1449, to a seven years' peace between him and Murad II., in which Bosnia was included. Peace with Servia followed, and, thus relieved from the fear of foreign aggression, Stephen Thomas was summoned to perform his promises. Before the papal representatives he was obliged to give a solemn pledge to John Hunyady that he would strike heresy with a crushing blow. Nicholas V., who had sent the Bishop of Lesina back as legate, ordered him to preach a crusade with Holy Land indulgences, and active efforts were made in the good work. Early in 1451 the Bishop of Lesina sent most encouraging reports of the result. Many of the nobles had sought conversion; the king in every way helped the Franciscans, and had founded several houses for them; wherever these houses existed the heretics melted away like wax before the fire, and if a sufficient supply of friars could be had heresy would be extirpated. Not quite so rose-colored was the statement of a Dominican, Frà Giovanni of Ragusa, that in Bosnia and Servia there were very few monks and priests, so that the people were wholly untrained in the faith. Unmindful of the danger of conjoining the two Orders, Nicholas sent him thither with some of his brethren on missionary work, and at the same time despatched the Franciscan Eugenio Somma to Albania, Bulgaria, and Servia in the double capacity of nuncio and inquisitor. †
first pressure of persecution forty heads of the Catharan Church, with great numbers of the laity, sought refuge with Stephen Vukcic, who proceeded to attack the Catholics of Ragusa, while many others fled to Servia and to the Turks, and appealed to them for help. Those who remained prepared for resistance, and a bloody religious war broke out, of which George Brankovic of Servia took advantage to renew the war suspended in 1449. This was more than Stephen Thomas could endure; he was forced to abandon persecution and to call for help. John Hunyady was enraged at his weakness, and ordered him to make peace with Servia. He appealed to Nicholas V., who remonstrated with Hunyady, when the latter retorted that Stephen Thomas was false to his promises, and, in place of exterminating the heretics, was protecting them, to the scandal of all Christendom. *
On the fall of Constantinople, in May, 1453, Stephen Thomas promptly sent envoys to Mahomet II. to tender his allegiance. In the ever-deepening menace of the Turks persecution could hardly be resumed with activity, but the popes occasionally gave him a portion of the moneys raised for the crusade, and the Cathari were humiliated and proscribed as far as could be ventured upon, and constituted a discontented and dangerous element of the population. In 1459 we find the king protesting to Pius II. that he persecuted the Cathari roundly, and asking for more bishops; and one of his latest acts was to send the Bishop of Nona to the pope with three Catharan magnates--George Kucinic, Stojsav Tvrtkovic, and Radovan Viencinic--that they might be converted. It seems incredible that any one should covet a throne so precarious, and yet, in 1461, while Stephen Thomas was battling with the Croatian magnates, he was murdered by his son, Stephen Thomasevic, and his brother Radivoj. The crown which Stephen Thomasevic thus won by a parricide was a crown of thorns. To the north Matthias Corvinus of Hungary was estranged and unforgiving; to the west was Croatia, with which he was at war; in the South Stephen Vukcic was his enemy; while on the east lay Servia, now a Turkish pashalic, from which Mahomet II. only awaited the fitting moment to reduce Bosnia to a like condition. Thus surrounded by foes, the internal condition of the land was
not reassuring, for it was full of secret or open Cathari, who longed for help or revenge, no matter whence it might come. *
The new king recognized that his only hope lay in obtaining aid from Christendom, to earn which he labored energetically to strengthen the Catholic Church in his dominions, but, in the fatal perverseness of the time, this only precipitated his downfall. From Pius II. he obtained only barren instructions to the legate, Lorenzo, Abbot of Spalatro, to collect money and crusaders. From Matthias Corvinus he purchased an alliance by a heavy payment, by surrendering some castles, and by breaking off relations with the Turks and ceasing to pay them tribute. In all this he estranged still further his heretic subjects and drew upon his head the vengeance of Mahomet II. Many Cathari, driven from Bosnia, had found refuge in Moslem territory; others, especially nobles, forced to pretend conversion, maintained constant relations with the Turks, kept them advised of all that occurred, and were eager to aid them, in hopes of revenge. The news of the treaty with Matthias Corvinus was speedily conveyed to Mahomet, who, to test its truth, sent an envoy to demand the tribute. King Stephen took him to the treasury, showed him the money, and refused to deliver it, saying that he needed it for self-defence, or that it would support him in exile if driven from the kingdom, and he paid no heed to the envoy's warning that treasure withheld in defiance of pledges would bring him no luck. †
Defiance such as this left nothing to hope for from the Turk, but preoccupations in Wallachia kept Mahomet busy during 1462, and he postponed his revenge till the following year. It shows the blindness of Rome to the situation and the unflagging persistency of the determination to secure uniformity of faith, that during this respite Pius II. sent learned friars to Bosnia with instructions that the best mode of overcoming heresy was to promote study. The instructions were excellent, but sadly misplaced. Through the winter and spring of 1463 Mahomet was preparing the final blow by massing one hundred and fifty thousand men at Adrianople. To throw Stephen Thomasevic off of his guard, his request for a fifteen years' truce was granted, and his envoys, re-
turning with this welcome news, were followed, after an interval of four days, by the Turkish host. The land was found defenceless, and no resistance was offered till the invaders reached the royal castle of Bobovac, a stronghold capable of prolonged defence. Its commandant, however, was Count Radak, a Catharan who had been forced to conversion, and on the third day he surrendered on a promise of reward. When he claimed this, Mahomet, reproaching him with his treason, had him promptly beheaded, and tradition still points out on the road to Sutiska the rock Radakovica, where the traitor met his end. The capitulation of Bobovac cast terror throughout the land. Resistance was no longer thought of, and the only alternatives were flight or submission. The king hurried towards the Croatian frontier, with Mahomet Pasha at his heels, and was compelled at Kljuc to surrender on promise of life and freedom, but, in spite of this, he was put to death after being utilized to order all commandants of cities and castles to surrender them. Within eight days more than seventy towns fell into the bands of the Turks, and by the middle of June all Bosnia was in their possession. Then Mahomet turned southward to overrun the territories of Stephen Vukcic, but the mountains of Herzegovina were bravely defended by the Cathari, and by the end of June the Turkish host took its way homeward, carrying with it one hundred thousand prisoners and thirty thousand youths to be converted into Janissaries. *
Thus abandoned by Christendom, except to hasten the end through perpetually inflaming religious strife, Bosnia was conquered without a struggle, while Herzegovina held out for twenty years longer. How easily the catastrophe might have been averted is seen in the fact that before the year 1463 was out Matthias Corvinus had reconquered a large portion of the territory so easily won, which was held until the Hungarian power was broken on the disastrous field of Mohacs in 1526. In the Turkish lands the Cathari for the most part embraced Mahometanism, and the sect which had so stubbornly endured the vicissitudes of more than a thousand years disappeared in obscurity. The Christians had the resource of flight, which they embraced, commencing an emigration which continued until the middle of the eighteenth
century. This was rather to escape oppression than persecution, for the Turks permitted them the exercise of their religion. When the blessed Angelo of Verbosa, the disciple of Giacomo della Marca, persuaded his fellow-believers to leave the country, Mahomet sent for him and menacingly asked him his reasons. "To worship God elsewhere," he boldly replied, and so eloquently pleaded his cause that the Turk ordered the Christians to be unmolested, and gave Angelo permission to preach. Thenceforth the Franciscans were the refuge and support of the Christians up to modern times, though they had many cruelties to endure at the hands of the barbarous conquerors. *
There was at least one humorous incident connected with the conquest of Bosnia. On the occupation by the Turks of the capital, Jaicza, the Franciscans fled to Venice, carrying with them the body of St. Luke, which had been translated thither from Constantinople. The possession of so important a relic brought them great consideration, but involved them in a troublesome contest. For three hundred years the Benedictine house of St. Justina at Padua had rejoiced in owning the body of St. Luke, which was the source of much profit. The Benedictines objected to the intrusion of the döppelganger; and as no trustworthy tradition assigned two bodies to the saint, there was no chance of compromise. They appealed to Pius II., who referred the case with full powers of decision to his legate at Venice, Cardinal Bessarion. A trial in all legal form was held, lasting for three months and resulting in the victory of the Franciscans. The Paduan Luke, as an impostor, was forbidden to enjoy in future the devotion of the faithful, but no provision was made to compensate those who for three centuries had wasted on him their prayers and offerings, in the belief that they were securing the suffrages of the genuine Evangelist. The Paduans for years vainly endeavored to get Bessarion's decision set aside, and they were finally obliged to submit. Their strongest argument was that, about the year 580, the Emperor Tiberius II. bad given to St. Gregory, then apocrisarius of Pelagius II. in Constantinople, the head of St. Luke, which was still exhibited and venerated in the Basilica of the Vatican. Now the Benedictine St. Luke was a headless trunk, while the Franciscan one was perfect, and they argued with reason that it was highly improbable that St. Luke bad possessed two heads. This logic was more cogent than successful, though the Vatican clergy did not feel called upon to discredit their own valuable relic, which they continued to exhibit as genuine. The question was still further complicated by a superfluous arm of the Evangelist which was preserved in the Basilica of S. Maria ad Præsepe ( Wadding. ann. 1463, No. 13-23).
The completion of this book marks the end of a long journey which I began, when, as an undergraduate at Cambridge, I attended the lectures and seminars of Walter Ullmann. I owe a considerable debt to him for inspiring me to study the political thought of the Middle Ages and for supervising me as his research student.
I should like to thank the University of Wales, Bangor, for two periods of study leave to finish this work, and its School of History and Welsh History for research grants. Without Ann Illsley’s efficiency in obtaining inter-library loans, my task would have been much more difficult. I also wish to express my gratitude to the British Academy for financial support for necessary research. The resources of Cambridge University Library and the Warburg Institute have also been of very great assistance. I wish to record my gratitude to my original editor at Routledge, Janice Price, for her encouragement while this book was being written.
I should like to thank Professor Dr Otto Gerhard Oexle for inviting me for two research visits as a Stipendiat at the Max-Planck-Institut für Geschichte at Göttingen, a paradise for historical research. I should also like to thank my good friend there, Dieter Girgensohn, for arranging my original invitation: he and his wife Bettina helped make my stays extremely happy and fruitful.
I owe my greatest debt of gratitude to my wife, to whom this book is dedicated, for sustaining me throughout the time of preparation and writing, and to my children who put up with having an author as a father.
This study seeks to interpret the history of the political ideas of medieval western, that is Latin, Europe and covers the period between the early fourth and the mid-fifteenth century. This starting-point, still within late antiquity, has been chosen because it marks the public acceptance and then dominance of Christianity, a development which was to provide the fundamental context for the political ideas of the Middle Ages proper. The concluding date is more problematical, because it can well be argued that the period from the thirteenth to the mid-seventeenth century forms a coherent whole in terms of political thought. The problem is that there is no clear end to the Middle Ages because of the diversity of cultural development in different parts of Europe and the survival of medieval ideas and attitudes well into the seventeenth century. It would, however, prove far too unwieldy to prolong this book to 1650 or thereabouts. A division in about the middle of the fifteenth century has been accepted because it reflects the effective end of the medieval papacy and the beginnings of early modern territorial monarchies, and because the development of Renaissance humanism increasingly created a new world of political discourse.
The first and fundamental problem, however, in treating medieval European political thought is to define clearly the nature of the subject. In this study a broad definition will be used: ideas concerning the nature, organisation, government and ends of society. This wide approach is dictated by the characteristics of medieval political thought and of the sources from which the historian may reconstruct it. The most obvious omission from this definition is any mention of the state, which would have to be included in any examination of post-medieval political ideas.
The reason for this absence helps characterise a large part of the Middle Ages: although the term ‘state’, being in content historically fluid, can have medieval as distinct from a variety of modern connotations, it is difficult to see that it can be meaningfully employed to describe aspects of politically organised society in the medieval west before the twelfth century. The whole question of the state in the Middle Ages is, however, a very vexed one: there are, for instance, scholars who would locate an idea of the state in as early a period as the Carolingian. The disagreements hinge around the degree of rigour employed in the application of the term ‘state’ and illustrate a profound difficulty concerning the interpretation of western medieval political thought: so much of its content does not fit into modern preconceptions about what comprises political thought.
This difficulty is also apparent in the nature of the sources for this enquiry. Medieval political thought cannot be adequately treated by considering the works of a string of political thinkers: such writings were largely lacking in the Middle Ages, and in so far as they existed, were products only of the period from the twelfth century onwards. Most medieval writers relevant to this study were primarily theologians, philosophers or jurists: political ideas formed only a minor part of their concerns. The basic intellectual orientation of these thinkers must be borne in mind when interpreting them. Similarly, the works of publicists involved in the disputes between the papacy and secular rulers have to be understood within the context of each conflict and according to the intentions of the writer: such men were not professedly political thinkers. The importance of legal, and especially juristic, sources was paramount, and because of the role of the church, ecclesiological questions assumed a political significance which they would have lacked in a more secular age. Furthermore, throughout the medieval period, and certainly in its earlier part, a range of other kinds of source has to be considered: coronation orders, for instance, and histories. The sources of medieval political thought, therefore, consist both of writings directly or indirectly concerned with political matters, and other forms of material which permit the elucidation of political assumptions, attitudes and mentalities.
Such considerations lead the student of medieval political thought to treat it within its historical context. This method will be followed here, because the historical meaning of the whole range of medieval political ideas can only be discerned, when the sources, in all their variety, are viewed against the background of the societies, institutions, conflicts and intellectual milieux in which they were produced and with which they were concerned. This is in any case very much a historian’s attitude, and of course it is perfectly possible to approach, where relevant, the sources of medieval political thought from a purely philosophical or jurisprudential stand-point. Differing kinds of meaning would thereby be gleaned from the material, but not that which was originally contained in the source, or which, in the case of a writer, he sought to express.
Given the nature of the sources to be considered and the method to be followed, it has seemed best to combine in this book a thematic with a chronological approach, thereby enabling the integrity of every historical stage to be preserved and the longer-term connections to be made. The focus is on the west; Byzantine political thought is only considered for purposes of comparison and in so far as it affected the west, because the Byzantine empire had a very different history: there the state endured as a continuation of the Roman empire of antiquity, and the position of the church in relation to the secular power increasingly diverged from that existing in the west, where ecclesiastical claims to independence developed to an extent unknown in the east. Although the church and secular rulers normally worked in harmony throughout the Middle Ages in the west, the opportunity for conflict was ever-present from the mid-eleventh century onwards, when the papacy substantially enlarged its jurisdictional claims. There was thereafter an underlying tension between secular and ecclesiastical power, which on occasion broke out into full-scale conflicts. The existence of such disputes in the west and their virtual absence in the more static east had the most profound long-term implications for the political ideas of both parts of Christendom. The conflicts between the church and secular power, reflecting the divided loyalties of those involved, provided so much of the dynamism of western medieval political thought, and prevented the emergence of the idea of a monolithic society. Writers engaged in these disputes radically disagreed about the ordering of society, its government and the public obligations of its members. Fundamental enquiries concerning the nature and purpose of rulership were exhaustively pursued precisely because of this disagreement. As a result, profound contributions were made to perennially important political questions, but contributions which were characteristically medieval in content. The modern enquirer into medieval political thought is first struck by the prominence of religious aspects; but, as we shall see, therein lies only part of the story.
The political ideas of the ancient world largely conditioned the development of those of the Middle Ages. This process was, however, a highly complex one involving reinterpretation and innovation as these ideas were applied in the context of medieval conditions radically different from those which prevailed in ancient Greece, Rome or Israel. Antiquity provided so much of the intellectual raw material which was worked into peculiarly medieval structures of thought. Furthermore, the history of political ideas reflected the vicissitudes of the classical heritage in the medieval Latin west. In the early Middle Ages that inheritance was severely attenuated, whereas it was deeply enriched from the late eleventh century by the rediscovery of the whole of Justinian’s codification of the Roman law, the Corpus iuris civilis, 1 and from the mid-twelfth by the growing body of Aristotelian works available in Latin translations. This is not to suggest, however, that the whole content of medieval political ideas rested on concepts derived from the ancient world. Some areas, such as, for instance, feudal notions, were specifically medieval developments. The rich texture of political ideas in the Middle Ages was provided by the way in which the medieval versions of ultimately Greco-Roman and biblical concepts coexisted and interacted with purely medieval modes of thinking. In the Byzantine empire the integration of classical and biblical ideas into a structure of political thought followed a path markedly different from that which the west pursued, but one which directly influenced the west in certain crucial phases.
The immediate foundations of early medieval political thought lay in the lengthy period of transition between the ancient world and the Middle Ages proper, that is to say between the reign of the Emperor Constantine (306-37) and the early eighth century, which in the west saw the rise to power of the Carolingians and in the east the existence of a thoroughly Greek Byzantine empire. It is necessary to begin our enquiry with this period of transition because it produced ideas basic not only to the whole thought-structure of the early Middle Ages but ones which were pervasive throughout the medieval period. A complete survey of intellectual life in these transitional centuries will not be attempted here: only those aspects important for the Middle Ages will be considered.
This period witnessed the conversion of Constantine, his foundation of Constantinople as the first predominantly Christian city and the reception of Christianity as the official religion of the Roman empire in 380; thus was provided the Christian context fundamental to the development of political ideas in the Middle Ages. In the west, Roman life became gradually barbarised with the settlement of Germanic peoples within the frontiers of the empire. With the gradual collapse of Roman administration as barbarian kingdoms emerged in the fifth and sixth centuries, regionalism developed leading ultimately to territorial kingship which became the characteristically medieval form of rulership. Yet within these kingdoms, notably in Gaul, Spain and Italy, increasingly diluted elements of Roman civilisation persisted into the seventh century. In the east, the Roman empire survived and became more and more Greek in outlook.
Although the bases of Byzantine political thought had already been laid down in the fourth century, when the Roman empire remained intact, the eastern empire—despite its continuing universalist claims—had by the second half of the seventh century become clearly Byzantine, possessing control over only a part even of the original eastern portion of the empire: despite the attempted reconquests of Justinian the west had been lost apart from a remnant of power in Italy, and the advance of Islam in the seventh century had conquered Syria, Palestine and North Africa. Indeed it was the seventh century which really marked the end of antiquity and the beginning of the Middle Ages. The west in reality was left to its own resources; its regionalism crystallised into kingdoms: the Visigothic in Spain, the Frankish in Gaul, the Lombard in Italy and the Anglo-Saxon and Celtic ones in the British Isles. Byzantium, despite its grandiloquent universalist claims, turned inwards into its Greek culture and destiny. Much of the future lay with Islam which through its conquests largely destroyed what remained of the unity of Mediterranean civilisation. By 713 Islam had conquered the Visigothic kingdom, and by 720 Septimania in southern France, although its control there proved to be only short lived. Indeed, in 732/3 the Frankish leader Charles Martel halted any further Moslem advance northwards in a battle which took place at Tours or Poitiers. In a western Latin Europe limited, in effect, to Gaul, parts of western Germany, Italy and the British Isles, the stage was set for the Carolingian Renaissance, the flowering of a purely medieval western culture, in which were elaborated concepts of rulership which remained fundamental for the rest of the Middle Ages.
The conversion of Constantine, and Christianity’s later status as the official religion of the Roman empire, produced in the long term a radical change in Christian attitudes to political life and the state. It was, however, a development which came about gradually: the immediate effects of Constantine’s conversion itself can be exaggerated. Previously, there had been a range of Christian reactions to the Roman state. At one pole there existed negative alienation reinforced by sporadic persecutions largely caused by Christian unwillingness to participate in the pagan cult of the divinity of the emperor. A form of indifferentism resulting in political quietism was also prevalent. Following Christ’s words, ‘My kingdom is not of this world’, 2 Christians considered this life but a passing preparation for the next, where in heaven they would find their true home. Amongst Christians, there was also a more positive attitude recognising the necessity of the Roman state and indeed its divinely sanctioned existence which justly claimed their submission in all that was not sin: ‘Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar’s and to God the things that are God’s.’ 3 This message was supported by the words of St Peter, ‘Fear God, and honour the emperor’, 4 and of St Paul,
You must all obey the governing authorities. Since all government comes from God, the civil authorities were appointed by God, and so anyone who resists authority is rebelling against God’s decision, and such an act is bound to be punished. 5
Indeed many Christians in the third century served the Roman state as soldiers. The transformed public position of Christianity in the fourth century did not result in the disappearance of the negative and indifferentist attitudes: these coexisted in tension with wholehearted Christian acceptance of the validity of the state. The change which did occur was a fundamental one: Christian theory of government and rulership was developed to accommodate an imperial power which was itself Christian. The results were of the greatest long-term significance, because from this point onwards into the Middle Ages there grew a theory and practice of government understood and justified in Christian terms. In itself Christianity advocated no particular form of government, but because the church was confronted with monarchy as the only form of rule existing in late antiquity and the early Middle Ages, Christian political thought emerged as monarchical.
The fundamental structure of Byzantine political thought was established in essence during the reign of Constantine himself, and remained largely unchanged throughout the existence of the empire. The father of this theory was Eusebius of Caesarea (263-339) whose interpretation of the significance of Constantine’s reign exerted the widest influence. Eusebius believed that Constantine’s establishment of the Christian empire marked a crucial turning-point in human history, nothing less than the fulfilment of God’s promise to Abraham. This view interpreted Roman history as being determined by divine providence: that the empire was founded under Augustus, in whose reign Christ was born, in order to facilitate the spread of the Christian religion, a development culminating in the conversion of the emperor himself.
Eusebius also adapted Hellenistic ideas of kingship which by the third century had markedly influenced the development of Roman concepts of emperorship. According to Hellenistic theory the ruler was the image of God and his vicegerent on earth ruling a kingdom which was an imitation (mimesis) of that of heaven. Under the influence of Neoplatonic ideas the kingdom could thus be seen as a microcosm reflecting the order of the macrocosm of the universe itself. The ruler was understood as being himself divine: the Roman emperor was indeed ‘lord and God’ (dominus et deus). Eusebius, following the intention of Constantine, was able with ease to Christianise this pagan view. All that was necessary was to claim not a form of divinity for the emperor, but simply divine appointment confirmed by Constantine’s closeness to God as shown by the special revelations to him and his military success. Thus the emperor was God’s human vicegerent on earth ruling over an empire which was the reflection of the kingdom of heaven. Monotheism infused this cosmic order: just as there was one God in the universe there was one emperor (Basileus) in this world.
In relief at the end of recent severe persecution the bulk of the Christian church, like Eusebius, was only too willing to accept Constantine’s close supervision of ecclesiastical matters. Constantine took it upon himself to summon ecclesiastical councils. Shortly after the decree of toleration known as the Edict of Milan (313) he called the Council of Arles in 314 to attempt to resolve the Donatist question; 6 in 325 he convoked the first ecumenical council itself at Nicaea. Constantine had brought the Christian church within the structure of the Roman state and thereby subjected it to his authority. He claimed jurisdiction over all the external aspects of Christianity, that is to say ecclesiastical organisation and administration, whereas bishops, he accepted, had authority over purely spiritual matters, such as the formulation of doctrine and the administration of sacraments. He also considered that as emperor he had religious responsibility for the pagans in his empire: thus the Vita Constantini (Life of Constantine) records that in a dinner speech given to the fathers of the Council of Nicaea he described himself as ‘bishop of those without [i.e. pagans]’ (episkopos ton ektos). 7 In Christian terms Constantine was not a bishop or priest in any sacramental sense, although he was accorded liturgical honours not given to any other layman. When he died, as a mark of special reverence he was declared a Christian saint, the equal of the apostles (isapostolos): so much had he done for his adopted religion.
After the death of Constantine, apart from the interlude of the Emperor Julian’s (361-3) brief favouring of paganism, the view which understood the Roman empire as a Christian one gained in strength. The culmination of this process was the decree, Cunctos populos, whereby in 380 the emperors Valentinian II and Theodosius I made Catholic Christianity the official religion of the empire. From now on paganism went into further decline and the equation between Roman and Christian was consolidated.
From the point of view of the history of poetical ideas, the classic expression of Christian Roman emperorship is found in the Corpus iuris ci?ilis. This was begun at Justinian’s command in 527 and completed in 534 by a committee chaired by Tribonian. The codification consisted of three main parts. The largest was the Digest (or Pandects), divided into fifty books and comprising selections from thirty-nine classical jurists ranging from the second to the fourth centuries. A short introductory textbook for students, the Institutes (in four books), was added. The third part was the Code in twelve books containing imperial constitutions including many by Justinian himself. By the act of codification, the emperor made all parts of this Corpus iuris his law deriving efficacy from his will and thus possessing equal validity. The language of this compilation was Latin: there were very few Greek passages. Justinian forbade any commentaries on his codification but found he had to supplement it by issuing further constitutions, known as Novels, until his death in 565. These were mainly written in Greek, and in c. 580 a collection of 168 of them was made for general use. In the medieval west the Novels became known in two versions: the Epitome Iuliani, a Latin abridgement of 124 constitutions, and the Authenticum comprising 134 in either the original Latin or a translation from the Greek. By the twelfth century the Authenticum was considered part of the Corpus iuris as a whole.
The Corpus iuris contains the fundamental Roman law distinction between public and private law (ius publicum and ius privatum). The vast bulk of the compilation is private law. Its public law content, which is directly related to matters of politics and government, although it is restricted in extent and unsystematically presented, contains statements of enduring importance for political thought. There are, however, major problems of interpretation. Because of the speed of codification there are contradictions resulting from the diversity of the sources consulted. Thus, for instance, statements produced under the principate exist side by side with laws reflecting conditions under the dominate and Byzantine emperorship. Yet all laws in the Corpus iuris are accorded equal weight by the will of Justinian. The historian has to consider what each text meant when it was originally produced, how it was understood in the sixth century and what it was thought to signify in later periods of European history. Although the overall tenor of the Corpus iuris reflects a monarchical form of government, it also contains material echoing constitutional and legal ideas deriving ultimately from republican Rome: this is notably the case in the Digest and Institutes. Because of such inconsistencies and irreconcilable elements in the text, it thus proved possible in the late Middle Ages to ransack the Corpus iuris for statements to support theories of both monarchy and government by the people. Furthermore the opening titles of the Digest, especially, contain principles of general relevance to any system of law or government. The destiny of the Corpus iuris was to serve as a vast treasure-house of legal and political ideas for medieval and early modern Europe.
However, its influence in the west was long delayed until the revival of scientific jurisprudence at the university of Bologna from the end of the eleventh century and the beginning of the twelfth. Before that period in the west, some Roman law was known primarily through the barbarian codes, the Lex Romana Visigothorum and the Lex Romana Burgundionum. In the east, the influence of the Corpus iuris was also problematic. Because of the decline in the knowledge of Latin, Greek translations and commentaries were produced. In c. 741 8 a short official summary of the law based on the Corpus iuris and the novels of subsequent emperors was produced by the emperors Leo III and Constantine V: this was known as the Ecloga Isauriorum. The great Greek version of the Corpus iuris known as the Basilica was issued by Leo VI (886-912) continuing the work of his father, Basil I. The original text of the Corpus iuris retained legal effect, although by the twelfth century Justinian’s legislation was known to all intents and purposes only through the medium of the Basilica, a development culminating in the decision made by the imperial Court of Justice in 1169 whereby a law included in the Corpus iuris but not the Basilica was held to be invalid.
The dominant political message of the Corpus iuris is a theocratic one. The emperor derives his power from God: in the constitution Deo auctore at the beginning of the Digest Justinian describes himself as ‘at God’s command governing our empire, which has been entrusted to us by heavenly majesty’. 9 The divine source of imperial authority is constantly reiterated in the Code and Novels. ‘At divine command we took up the imperial insignia.’ 10 The emperor’s laws are sacred (sacrae or sacratissimae), 11 thus reflecting the Christianising of his pagan role as pontifex maximus. They are, furthermore, of everlasting effect: Justinian decreed that his codification was to be valid ‘forever’ (in omne aevum). 12 His divine office is a universal one: he is ‘lord of the world’ (dominus mundi). 13 It is, therefore, his will alone which constitutes law: ‘what has pleased the princeps has the force of law’ (quod principi placuit legis habet vigorem). 14 He is thus no less than the ‘living law’ (lex animata), an application of the Hellenistic concept of the ruler as nomos empsychos: ‘Let the imperial rank be exempted from all our provisions [in this constitution], because God has subjected the laws themselves to the emperor, by sending him as a living law to men,’ 15 He is in short not bound by the law, but ‘freed from the laws’ (legibus solutus). 16 This famous phrase indicates that the emperor is above human law: he is not subjected to the laws which derive from his own universal authority. This formulation laid the foundation for the elaboration of the concept of absolute power in the late Middle Ages. 17
On the other hand there are also in the Corpus iuris statements which indicate the possession of authority by the Roman people. The historical outline of Roman law in D.1.2.2 includes a brief sketch of the republican period, and republican sources of law are treated in D.1.1.7 and Inst. 1.2, 3-5. The most fundamental question however concerns the origin of the imperial power itself: reference is made to the so-called lex regia or ‘royal law’, whereby the Roman people transferred its power and authority to the emperor. The meaning of these references to the lex regia has been hotly debated by historians. One school of thought has seen it as an ex post facto legal construction to justify the transition from the republic to the empire. Such a law in fact never existed, but was postulated by later classical jurists to explain the transfer of sovereignty from the Roman people to the first princeps, Augustus, a device, in short, to legitimise the imperial power. 18 The other view identifies the lex regia with the leges de imperio by which the popular assembly gave power to each emperor at the beginning of his reign. 19
Justinian himself clearly considered that the lex regia established the empire: ‘By an ancient law (lege antiqua) which was called “royal”, all the authority and all the power of the Roman people were transferred to the power of the emperor.’ 20 For Ulpian, what has pleased the princeps has the force of law, ‘since by the royal law, which was passed concerning his imperial authority, the people confers on him all its authority and power’, 21 a statement which can be understood to refer either to an original lex regia or to a lex de imperio. The problem with this interpretation is that only one such lex de imperio survives: that for Vespasian. In the form in which we have it, only part of the text remains and does not conform with the description of the lex regia: it is not a general transfer of power but confers specific powers and exemptions. It is pure speculation to consider that the missing first part would have contained such a general transfer; the existence of other leges de imperio is also hypothetical. The most likely interpretation is that the lex regia was indeed a later and classical juristic construction adopted by Justinian as having been genuinely enacted as a law. The name lex regia is itself strange. The nomenclature ‘royal’ would be at home in a Byzantine context but utterly alien to that of the principate. It has been suggested that the word is a Byzantine interpolation into Ulpian’s text; Theodor Mommsen considered it more likely that it reflected the jurist’s Syrian background. 22
Whatever the truth about the lex regia, its significance for political thought was that it expressed the idea that the emperor’s power derived from the people, and thus provided a model for the popular source of governmental power to be elaborated later in the Middle Ages and the early modern period. The lex regia raised a fundamental problem concerning the origins of authority, because its inclusion in the Corpus iuris meant that both divine and popular sources of rulership coexisted. These two sources could be seen as being mutually exclusive, and the Corpus iuris itself does nothing to solve this problem. At the time of Justinian the conception of the divine origin of imperial power overwhelmed any idea that the people was in any meaningful sense the source of authority; the only echo of such an ultimately republican idea was to be found in the acclamation of a new emperor by the senate, army and people. Such acclamation either sufficed as a form of election after the death of an emperor or, as was more normal in Byzantine history, confirmed the already co-opted choice of the previous incumbent. Either way, popular acclamation only served to declare the divine choice of emperor whose power came from God directly. With the revival of Roman law studies in the high Middle Ages the mutual implications of the two sources of authority were to be more thoroughly explored together with the question of whether the lex regia had been revocable or irrevocable.
The question of the people’s authority also arises in the treatment of customary law in the Corpus iuris. This was a relatively unimportant area in Justinian’s time but one which was to be crucial for the Middle Ages. In its general classification of custom, Roman law, following Greek terminology, was not profound, describing it as ius non scriptum (unwritten law) as opposed to ius scriptum (written law)—a superficial distinction based on outward form. There is, however, in the Digest, one passage which goes to the heart of the matter by isolating the will of the people as the constitutive element in custom. It considers that the popular will makes both written laws (leges) and custom, and therefore holds that custom can abrogate a lex:
What does it matter whether the people declares its will by a vote or by its actions? It is, therefore, most correctly accepted that laws are abrogated not only by the vote of the legislator, but also by the tacit consent of all through disuse. 23
This was written by the second-century jurist, Julian, and reflects the survival of republican ideas into the principate. A constitution of Constantine, however, directly contradicts this text by maintaining that a custom cannot abrogate a lex, a sign of the diminished importance of custom by the fourth century. 24 There is thus no suggestion in the Corpus iuris that custom can revoke imperial law: indeed, Justinian maintains that the emperor, being through his will the sole source of law, is also its unique interpreter. 25 When in the late Middle Ages juristic theories of the authority of the people were developed, however, this passage from Julian through its understanding of the power of consent provided ammunition for the elaboration of theories of the autonomy, and indeed sovereignty of the people.
The Corpus iuris can thus appear ambiguous about the ultimate source of legal and political authority. Although in the sixth century it was meant to be the comprehensive enactment of a divinely appointed emperor, it provided sufficient material for later medieval and early modern theories both of monarchy and of government by the people. It was especially possible for such later jurists and political thinkers to take passages out of context. A notorious example is the statement, ‘what touches all should be approved by all’ (quod omnes tangit, ab omnibus comprobetur). 26 This occurs in a constitution of Justinian concerning the relationship between guardian and ward, and means that where there are several guardians of the one ward, certain acts require the agreement of all the guardians, because their interests are at stake. Clearly this law has nothing to do with political matters. Nevertheless, medieval jurists employed this famous dictum in a political sense as part of the development of theories of consent. 27
There might also appear to be ambiguity about whether the emperor was limited by law. As regards positive law—that is, human enacted law—there were statements which tended to modify the starkness of the claim that the emperor was legibus solutus. Although the Corpus iuris derived its legal force from Justinian’s will, the imperial power existed within the context of the body of the Roman law itself. The Roman tradition of government was essentially a legal one, and Justinian’s motivation in codifying classical juristic opinion and imperial decrees was born out of reverence for the law and a desire to preserve and revivify it. Precisely because the emperor’s power was derived from the law (in the form of the lex regia) it was thought fitting that he should obey the laws. 28 There was however no obligation on him to do so and thus ultimately his freedom was preserved: obedience to the laws would be purely voluntary on his part.
At the beginning of the Digest and the Institutes the discussion of general jurisprudential principles goes beyond questions of positive law. Distinctions are drawn between ius civile, the provisions of a particular legal system such as the Roman; natural law (ius naturale); and the law common to all peoples (ius gentium). The treatment of the relationship between natural law and the ius gentium is contradictory. Ulpian considers natural law to be that which mankind shares with the animals, and to cover mating and the procreation and education of children: it is therefore different from the ius gentium which concerns only human beings. 29 Gaius, however, connects both laws by presenting the ius gentium as the product of natural reason (naturalis ratio): this view appears to have been the general opinion among Roman jurists. 30 Indeed Inst. 1.2, 11 maintains that, ‘Natural law, which is uniformly observed by all peoples, was established by a kind of divine providence and remains always constant and unchanging.’ 31 Yet elsewhere the Stoic idea of the original natural liberty of mankind is contrasted with the introduction of slavery by the ius gentium. 32 Clearly, the treatment of the natural law and the ius gentium is incoherent and sparse; but the few statements dealing with them enjoyed an enormous influence in the Middle Ages simply because they were included in the Corpus iuris.
From the twelfth century onwards the discrepancy between the approaches of Ulpian and Gaius was to provoke among jurists fundamental discussion which explored the meaning of nature itself, and thereby involved profound implications for their theories of government and society. The crucial point is, however, that the Corpus iuris presented positive law as existing within a normative context, thus providing at least some of the seeds of full-blown medieval natural law theories. There was nevertheless a fundamental difference of approach. The Corpus iuris did not maintain that positive law contrary to natural law was in any sense invalid: as Ulpian says, ‘The civil law is that which neither wholly departs from the law of nature or peoples, nor follows it in everything.’ 33 The emperor was certainly not considered to be obliged to obey natural law. Later in the Middle Ages, in contrast, jurists commenting on the Roman law contributed to the theory that positive law and governmental measures contrary to the natural law and the ius gentium were invalid: the relevant passages were thus woven into a theory going far beyond anything contained in the Corpus iuris itself.
As regards the emperor’s relationship with the Christian church the Corpus iuris gives a great deal of information, which, however, must be seen in a wider context for its correct evaluation. This relationship, despite its central importance for Byzantine political and religious life, remained somewhat ill-defined. To try and understand it an interpretative distinction needs to be drawn between two meanings of the term ‘church’. The empire itself (the Basileia), being Christian, was understood as the church in the wider sense of the body of Christians; of this body the emperor, as God’s vicegerent, was the head on earth. It was not possible for Byzantines to conceive of the empire without the church and vice versa. In a narrower sense, however, the church was understood to be an ecclesiastical body with a sacerdotal hierarchy. The problems arose concerning the emperor’s relations with this institution.
In the preface to Nov. 6, Justinian sets out the relationship between the emperor and the clergy. A distinction is made between the emperorship (imperium) and the priesthood (sacerdotium). Both derive directly from God:
Amongst men God’s greatest gifts, conferred by his mercy from on high, are the priesthood and the emperorship. The former’s ministry is in divine matters; the latter presides over and cares for human ones. Both, deriving from one and the same origin, regulate human life. 34
The emperor’s main responsibility (sollicitudo), he continues, is to preserve true Christian doctrine and the integrity of the clergy. With these aims attained, the state (respublica) will be correctly governed, due harmony (consonantia) achieved, and God’s favour obtained through the prayers of a faithful priesthood. 35 The moral and doctrinal well-being of the clergy is essential for the health of the Christian empire, and thus demands imperial supervision.
This imperial role was expressed in permanent form by the legislation of Justinian and his predecessors. The first thirteen titles of the Code were concerned with the clergy and religious questions, as were many of the Novels. The emperor’s capability to legislate in this way was a Christian application of the traditional Roman view that public law included matters relating to religion and the priesthood, which were thus perceived as the concern of the state. 36 Although Justinian preserved the crucial distinction between the imperium and the sacerdotium, he also maintained that there was not much difference between them. This view, which was formulated with ecclesiastical property specifically in mind, expressly reflected the public status of the clergy in a Christian empire. 37 In essence Justinian’s position represented the long-standing Byzantine compromise between the imperial and priestly powers. Emperors had indeed called church councils, presided over them and participated in their discussions. Yet the authoritative formulation of doctrine remained the concern of the sacerdotium. Nevertheless, Justinian, in launching his anti-Nestorian attack against the Three Chapters without first convoking a church council, provoked the accusation of undue interference in ecclesiastical matters, and then had to call the Fifth Ecumenical Council which proceeded to endorse his views. The accepted role of the emperor was to make canons issued by the church and synodal decrees into laws of the empire. Thus Justinian reiterated that the canons of the four ecumenical councils be considered to be imperial leges. 38 Furthermore, as a professed example of the desired consonantia between imperial and ecclesiastical authority, he gave legal effect to the deposition of Patriarch Anthimus by a synod chaired by Pope Agapetus and the new patriarch, Menas. 39 Similarly, the emperors since Constantine had permitted both secular and clerical suitors to bring cases before the bishops’ courts, and Justinian confirmed that only church judges could deal with purely ecclesiastical matters.
Justinian certainly exercised very considerable power over ecclesiastical affairs and was personally extremely interested in theology. It used to be conventional to describe the image of the emperor in the Corpus iuris as Caesaropapist, indicating thereby that he possessed divinely instituted supreme power within a unified entity of church and empire. 40 More recent scholarship has questioned the aptness of the term ‘Caesaropapism’ in the Byzantine context. 41 Although the emperor was commonly called ‘priest and emperor’ (hiereus kai basileus), 42 he remained a layman throughout the Byzantine period. He was not a priest in that he did not possess the sacramental power of orders: he had not been ordained. He was only a priest in the sense of possessing jurisdictional powers in ecclesiastical matters. 43 Although the emperor was the head of the church understood as the empire, he was definitely not the head of the church conceived as an ecclesiastical body. Justinian accepted the primacy of the pope and the second place of the patriarch of Constantinople. 44 Whatever the vicissitudes in the long historical relationship between Constantinople and the papacy, the head of the church at Constantinople was recognised to be the patriarch. Normally there was harmony between church and emperor, in the interests of which the clergy would practice ‘economy’ (oikonomia) involving the avoidance of disputes on relatively unimportant matters. Nevertheless, when a major clash could not be avoided the clergy adhered to its claim to be the interpreter of doctrine.
Thus in the eighth and ninth centuries, although the church was divided over iconoclasm, the anti-iconoclastic party among the clergy was able in the end successfully to resist those emperors who wished to forbid the veneration of icons and religious images. It even happened that a patriarch excommunicated an emperor, as Nicholas Mysticus did Leo VI because of his fourth marriage. Furthermore, from 491 the patriarch received the confession of faith of the newly appointed emperor. Canon law existed side by side with secular law (nomos) and the church in interpreting and augmenting the canons, provided the spiritual and moral context within which the emperor ruled. Since the relationship between the two kinds of law, in so far as both concerned religious matters, was ill-defined, collections setting out parallel texts of first the ecclesiastical and then the relevant secular law were developed and known as nomocanones, of which the most well known was the seventh-century one in fourteen titles. These compilations facilitated considerable independence on the part of the patriarch and his synod in the interpretation of the law. A development of this trend is found in the ninth-century Epanagoge of Basil I, in which, under the influence of Patriarch Photius, the freedom of the church is stressed.
Yet the power of the patriarch of Constantinople should not be exaggerated. His coronation of the emperor, which first occurred in 457, was in no sense constitutive but purely part of the declaration of the divine choice. Indeed, initially the patriarch acted as representative of the Roman people; it was only gradually that the coronation became more ecclesiastical in character. As a guarantee of orthodoxy a coronation oath to uphold the faith and the position of the church can be discerned in the ninth century. The purely ecclesiastical rite of anointing was only introduced into the inauguration ritual in the twelfth century. Furthermore, the procedure for creating the patriarch himself was subject to considerable imperial control beneath the appearance of preserving ecclesiastical freedom. Three candidates were canonically elected by synod. It was then the emperor’s prerogative to choose one of these three. If he did not favour any of them, he could then nominate a man of his own choice, in whose appointment the synod would have to aquiesce. Likewise, emperors forced at least 36 of the 122 patriarchs elected between 379 and 1451 to resign or be deposed. 45 Most telling of all were the traditional words which made it clear that the emperor instituted a patriarch at the latter’s consecration by divine grace and the imperial power proceeding therefrom.
Although the structure of Byzantine political thought was largely fixed from the time of Constantine and Eusebius there were clearly some developments in it, as the increasingly ecclesiastical aspect of imperial consecration shows. Similarly the legislation of Leo VI, through depriving the senate and curiae of their little remaining authority, and also confirming the trend since Justinian whereby the consulate was reserved to the emperor, consolidated the imperial monarchy by removing these purely theoretical vestiges of republican institutions. Nevertheless, it has been justifiable to concentrate here on the Corpus iuris which, containing the expression of Byzantine political ideas in permanent legal form, was the prime means of transmission of these to the high and late Middle Ages. As we shall see, however, the influence of Byzantine forms of rulership was also important in the early medieval west: the emperor provided the model of the Christian ruler both as legislator and monarch of a universal empire.
During the gradual disintegration of the Roman empire in the west the most widespread form of rulership which emerged was Christian kingship. The long-term historical significance of this development can hardly be exaggerated because it laid the foundations of the theory of monarchy which survived into modern times.
In the fourth and fifth centuries the earlier Roman suspicion of kingship had become eroded under the influence first of Hellenistic and then of Christian ideas. The Bible provided the images both of kingship in Israel and of Christ the King. 46 In the west it became common to refer to the empire as a kingdom (regnum) and the emperor as king (rex), whereas in the east the emperor’s title Basileus simply meant ‘king’. This change facilitated the development of a Roman-Christian form of kingship in the barbarian kingdoms.
The nature of barbarian kingship after entry into the Roman empire has provoked intense debate among modern scholars. The centre of the problem concerns the question of Germanic kingship. In the nineteenth century German historians produced a theory which maintained that the Germanic tribes had a form of rulership based on popular election, and, furthermore, that this kind of popular kingship persisted as a fundamental element in barbarian and early medieval monarchy in the west. Such rulership, because it derived from the people, was, therefore, limited and answerable to a popular assembly. Indeed, within the German tradition of historical writing the theme of Germanic kingship has provided a model for the interpretation of the political conceptions of the Middle Ages. One has only to look at the seminal studies of Otto Gierke, Fritz Kern and Walter Ullmann to find this. 47 Yet there is a growing opinion in recent scholarship that this whole great intellectual structure of Germanic kingship is a myth. There is very little evidence indeed for the nature of Germanic kingship before entry into the Roman empire. Such evidence as there is derives from non-Germanic sources, notably Caesar, Tacitus’ Germania and Ammianus Marcellinus. Enormous and misplaced scholarly industry has been devoted to trying to elucidate the meaning of the few relevant phrases in these works.
Thus for instance we cannot be sure of what Tacitus meant in his famous statement that the Germans ‘choose kings for their nobility, and war-commanders for their valor’. 48 Furthermore, it is methodologically unsound to generalise about supposedly common ‘Germanic’ features in the rulership of tribes diverse in kind, space and time. 49
The form of kingship which in fact emerged in the post-entry barbarian kingdoms was overwhelmingly Roman and Christian in character and stressed the power and authority of the monarch. Initially Roman influence was strong and direct, reflecting the way in which barbarian kingship was assimilated into the decaying Roman governmental system. These kings ruled largely with the co-operation of the surviving Roman senatorial class, and certain of them accepted imperial legitimisation of their rule through receiving Roman offices. Thus in fifth-century Italy, for instance, the Ostrogoth, Odovacer, ruled with imperial sanction and his successor, Theoderic, gained the Emperor Anastasius’ recognition of his kingship in 497. Likewise in Francia the emperor conferred on Clovis in 508 an honorary consulate and permitted him to wear regalia. According to Gregory of Tours Clovis thereafter employed the title ‘consul or Augustus’ (consul aut augustus). 50 A turning-point came, however, with Justinian’s Gothic War to reconquer the west (535-55): thereafter it seems that no western kings sought imperial confirmation of their rule. The west increasingly went its own way.
In the barbarian kingdoms God was understood to be the ultimate source of royal authority. This notion, which was widely prevalent in the sixth century, became focused into the formula that such a ruler was ‘king by the grace of God’ (rex dei gratia)—that he ruled by God’s favour. This formulation became fundamental to medieval conceptions of kingship and was the distant ancestor of early modern divine right monarchy. The earliest known use of the formula itself in the west apparently dates from the reign of the Lombard king, Agilulf (590-616); Isidore of Seville also applied it to the Visigothic king, Svinthila (621-31); by the end of the seventh century the Anglo-Saxon kings were employing it or similar titles; and in the second half of the eighth century it became part of Charlemagne’s royal title. 51 The idea of kingship by divine favour was, however, older than the formula itself and can be discerned as early as the reign of the Vandal king, Huniric (d. 484). 52 In the east the idea that the emperor ruled by God’s grace had been prevalent from the fifth century, but appears not to have been the source of the western concept.
The origins of the idea of kingship by divine grace lay in interpretations of the Bible. Certain texts in the New Testament were directly relevant. Two in particular had a general application to the relationship between God and the individual Christian, but were applied in this context specifically to that between God and the king: ‘By God’s grace this is what I am’ (1 Corinthians 15:10), 53 and ‘A man can lay claim only to what is given him from heaven’ (John 3:27). 54 Two other texts applied overtly to governmental and jurisdictional power: as we have seen, Romans 13:1 stated that all government came from God, and in John 19:11 Christ said to Pilate, ‘You would have no power over me if it had not been given you from above.’ 55 None of these passages mentioned kings as such, but taken together, and understood in a milieu in which kingship was the current form of government, they provided a mental context for perceiving royal power as being derived from God’s goodwill or favour. The Old Testament also provided ample evidence for the divine source of the power of the kings of Israel, beginning with the account of Samuel’s anointing of Saul. The identification of the people of the Franks with Israel in the Merovingian period encouraged the application of Old Testament imagery to Frankish kingship, an interpretation which was developed further under the Carolingians. Yet the Old Testament was ambivalent about kingship. Samuel was reluctant to institute the monarchy and pointed out the disadvantages of having a king (1 Samuel 8:6-18), and the wickedness of Israel in wanting one, since its only true king was Yahweh (1 Samuel 12:12-20). Similarly Hosea 8:4 declares, ‘They have set up kings, but not with my consent, and appointed princes, but without my knowledge.’ 56 These reservations were, however, generally ignored in the spread of divine grace monarchy and only resurfaced infrequently in medieval discussions of the role of kings.
The implications of this theocratic form of kingship were profound for the relationship between ruler and ruled. The king was understood to derive his authority directly from God: he was God’s vicegerent on earth, and was as such often described as his vicar (vicarius dei). The people he ruled were not considered to be the source of his power, but were instead thought to have been divinely conceded to the royal care. The ruler in turn by virtue of his divinely granted authority conceded offices and powers to those he governed. The members of the people were, in short, subject (subditi) to their king, and lacked a right of resistance to him. In this hierarchical structure the monarch, as the superior instituted over his subjects who were his inferiors, was a true earthly sovereign. This model of kingship was in essence established in the period of the barbarian kingdoms but developed as the Middle Ages progressed. Nevertheless, as we shall see, it was only one aspect of the complex phenomenon of medieval monarchy.
The classic treatment of the model of theocratic kingship has in modern times been given by Walter Ullmann. The core of his interpretation of medieval political ideas has been in terms of what he described as the ‘ascending’ and ‘descending’ theses: the antithesis between the derivation of power downwards, as it were, from God, or upwards from the people. This analysis is based essentially on the question of the origin of governmental power and authority. Yet in interpreting medieval political thought quite as much weight, if not more, should be given to the purpose of such power. This is not, of course, to deny that Ullmann did consider teleological aspects; but if these are accorded a more central role somewhat different conclusions can be reached. 57
When theocratic kingship is seen in terms of its purpose the seemingly absolute nature of such monarchy appears modified. Precisely because rulership was understood to have been instituted by God it was considered to exist for a divinely willed end. Kingship was viewed as an office existing within a Christian normative structure: there was no place for the arbitrary exercise of the monarch’s will. The king’s role was that of Christian service for the common good of his people. As St Paul said, The state is there to serve God for your benefit… The authorities are there to serve God… All government officials are God’s officers.’ 58 Gregory the Great, whose works were fundamental to the development of medieval thought, writing in the late sixth century, classically described this royal role in terms of the established theme of Christian ministry, 59 a formulation which was to have a determining influence on medieval conceptions of kingship. The king in performing this function was to observe a characteristically Christian humilitas, 60 a notion alien to Greek or Roman political thought. Isidore of Seville, writing in the Visigothic kingdom of Spain in the first part of the seventh century, also made this idea of ministry a fundamental part of his treatment of kingship. Not only were Isidore’s works the most important literary products of Visigothic Spain, the most culturally precocious of the barbarian kingdoms, but many of his statements exerted a disproportionate effect on the development of thought in the Middle Ages themselves. This is particularly true of his ideas concerning kingship and political life. This is not to claim any originality or great depth for his thought; it is just that his formulations proved peculiarly long lived. Indeed, many of the basic concepts of medieval theocratic kingship are to be found in his works. 61
The moral purpose of kingship is summed up in Isidore’s retailing of the ancient axiom, ‘You will be a king if you act rightly, if you do not, you will not be’, based on a play on the words rex and recte (rightly), a trite but effective observation which for him assumed a Christian value-system. 62 He stressed the king’s duty to aim at justice (iustitia), the virtue which in the Middle Ages was to come to encapsulate the duties of a Christian ruler. Similarly, the king should observe clemency, humility and patience, and in general serve the Christian religion which characterised the community which he governed. 63 In sum the king must rule for his subjects’ benefit and was answerable to God for the way in which he ruled them, an idea which echoed Hebrews 13:17, ‘Obey your leaders and do as they tell you, because they must give an account of the way they look after your souls.’ 64 Isidore was attempting to integrate Roman, biblical and patristic moral criteria into his theory of kingship, thus illustrating that according to both Greco-Roman and Judaeo-Christian political ideas rulership should have the moral aim of achieving the common good. Indeed, this shared teleological orientation facilitated the fusion of ancient and Christian ideas throughout the Middle Ages.
The fundamental duty of the Christian ruler to care for his subjects’ well-being was also understood in terms of his role as their protector or preserver. The Roman source for this idea can be found in the model of a tutor who must act in the interests of the minor committed to his guardianship. Indeed, Cicero, for instance, had described government as a tutela, 65 and this notion in the form of the monarch’s tuitio of the Christians whom he ruled also appeared in Isidore. 66 Furthermore, there existed the similar Germanic conception of Munt (mundeburdium) which as early as the reign of the Merovingian king Childebert I (511-58) was rendered into Latin as tuitio. 67 The concept of Munt (in Anglo-Saxon mundbora) remained fundamental to kingship and received prominent treatment, for instance, in the important late seventh-century Merovingian royal formulary of Marculf. 68 The king’s tutorial role is a large theme which runs throughout medieval political thought. The seeds of it are to be found in this early period, although its main development appears to be from the Carolingian period onwards. The thesis of the king as tutor and the people which he rules as being in the position of a minor under age in relation to him, has been integrated by Walter Ullmann into his model of theocratic monarchy: the king acts for the people which has been committed to his care by God and which cannot act for itself. 69 As we shall see, care must be taken with this interpretation, not least because the royal tutorial role limits the king’s freedom of action in that it recognises by implication the existence of the people or regnum as an entity independent of its ruler because he has to protect its inherent rights. The minority-thesis is the logical corollary of the tutorial theme but it is only clearly enunciated in the twelfth century with the renaissance of the scientific study of Roman law. In that law the minor does not receive his rights from his tutor. This problem illustrates the difficulties involved in elaborating such a thesis over a lengthy period of time. Certainly, in the sixth and seventh centuries the king’s duty to provide tutela or Munt should be seen as a defining limitation on his monarchical powers in terms of their purpose, and as modifying Ullmann’s dubious argument that the people derived all its public rights from its divinely appointed ruler. The king had the responsibility to provide protection for his people.
The whole theme of the common good reveals the inherent rights of the people and its existence as an entity separate from its ruler. Indeed, throughout the early development of theocratic monarchy the role of the people should not be underestimated. The people, in the sense of the great men of the realm, participated in the making of the king. In the barbarian kingdoms the mechanisms of king-making varied: although, for instance, actual election was widespread it does not appear to have been universal, and the Merovingians themselves seem to have lacked a fixed ritual for transferring royal power. 70 Certainly the magnates had to signify their acceptance of the new monarch, if only by acclamation. True choice could be highly restricted, sometimes within the limits of a legitimate blood line (stirps regia), as in the case of the Merovingians. Nevertheless, there remains very little hard evidence concerning royal inauguration rituals in this early period. The popular involvement in the making of a king did not conflict with the divine source of his authority once chosen, but was rather a necessary part of the process of legitimisation of his rule whereby one individual was designated as king. The monarch accepted by the people was favoured by God and ruled by his grace.
Similarly, the popular element in the creation of law in the barbarian kingdoms was compatible with theocratic monarchy; customary law coexisted with royal law as it was to do throughout the Middle Ages. As regards the codes of barbarian law produced in this period, modern scholarship considers that they did not display any distinction between people’s law (Volksrecht) and king’s law (Königsrecht). 71 They consisted of both custom and innovation, but since they were written and given authority by the ruler’s will, they were royal legislation. In issuing these codes the barbarian kings were seeking to act out the role of the Romanised Christian ruler as legislator according to the model of Roman emperorship. This function served both to buttress the royal authority and to dignify and legally define the people itself. The barbarian kingdoms were composed of different peoples (gentes), and these codes each applied to a specific gens—they were not therefore territorial. Thus the law to which an individual person was subject was not that of the land but that applicable to his gens, and was thus to this extent personal. Those of Roman descent were subject to Roman law.
In 506 the Visigothic king, Alaric II, enacted what was to become the most important barbarian code of Roman law: the Lex Romana Visigothorum (also known as the Breviarium Alarici). This was to maintain its influence, in southern France at least, until the thirteenth century. There was also a Lex Romana Burgundionum issued by King Gunobad in c. 517 for the Romans living in his Burgundian kingdom. Of the Germanic codes the Visigothic ones were the most impressive. The earliest was the Codex Euricianus issued in c. 476; this showed a mixture of Roman and purely Germanic elements. Euric’s code was revised by Leovigild (572-80) in the Codex revisus, which retained the separate legal regimes for Romans and Goths. The most innovatory development of Visigothic law, however, was the emergence of a territorial code. This appears to have been the work of Chindasvind in 643/4, and to have been consolidated by the Lex Visigothorum of Reccesvind (c. 654). 72 The culmination of Visigothic codification was that of Ervig in 681. The Frankish code, the Lex Salica, whose first recension dated probably from 507-11, was also royal law. 73 Similarly, the Lombard codes from the Edict of Rothari in 643 onwards were clearly issued by a theocratic monarchy. 74 Almost all the barbarian codes were written in Latin which, because of the example of Roman law, was considered to be the proper medium for Christian legislation. The only exceptions were the Anglo-Saxon laws, written in the vernacular but none the less the expression of Christian monarchy, as the codes beginning with that of Aethelberht (602-3) made clear.
Yet the nature of these barbarian codes did show that the theocratic king worked within limitations. Even though he issued the codes and could revise those of his predecessors, he was legislating within a legal tradition largely based ultimately on custom. There was a strong generally held sense that he should himself observe his laws once made, a view which had also been clearly expressed by Augustine and Isidore. 75 Both the Germanic and, as we have seen, the Roman traditions were opposed to any arbitrariness on the part of the ruler: he governed within a legal structure. Thus quite apart from the higher norms which hedged in any Christian ruler, the theocratic king was considered to be limited by human law. This raises a fundamental problem concerning the interpretation of theocratic monarchy. According to the model initially outlined it would appear that such a king through deriving his power from God was in such a position of sovereignty that he could not be limited by any law created by the people or indeed by any law he or his predecessors had made: he was as it were a law unto himself and answerable only to God. However, conceptions of theocratic monarchy changed during the Middle Ages, and the strict application of the abstract thesis to any particular period can be misleading. In reality the theocratic aspect of medieval kingship was never as clear-cut as the model might suggest. The model applies to the barbarian codes in the sense that the king gives them legal force, yet they remain in a profound sense the people’s law. At a deep level there is co-operation between ruler and people. This can be seen as an ambiguity or a discrepancy within this conception of monarchy; but to view it this way is really to impose too rigid an interpretative structure on the complexity of medieval ideas of rulership and to complain when apparent inconsistencies result. The theocratic thesis is attractive as a means for understanding medieval kingship because of its simplicity, but if applied too rigorously it has the defect that it is precisely that—too simple. The problems involved in the theocratic ruler’s relationship to existing positive law only received overt and detailed attention far later in the Middle Ages with the development of scientific jurisprudence, when difficulties were clearly perceived.
The importance of custom as a legal norm in the barbarian kingdoms and then the early Middle Ages has raised fundamental problems of interpretation concerning the creation of law. Fritz Kern argued that law-making as such was alien to this period, that instead the law was held to be something eternally valid and unchanging which was ‘found’ or ‘discovered’ by rulers, judges and those expert in the law. This thesis of ‘the good old law’ proved peculiarly tenacious. 76 Its implications were to deny the possibility of true legislation, and certainly of innovative legislation, and thus to preclude legislative sovereignty on the part of rulers. Instead Kern saw the law itself as being the true sovereign in the Middle Ages. In opposition to this view Walter Ullmann, for instance, structured his whole understanding of medieval law-creation around the argument that all human law was ultimately the product of human will: of the people’s in the case of the ‘ascending’ thesis and of the ruler’s in that of the ‘descending’. The nature both of custom, as the expression of popular implicit consent, and of legislation, as the embodiment of the will of the monarch or the consent of the people, was understood within this model. 77 This view demanded the existence of sovereignty and illuminated its location.
The notion of a ‘good old law’ which is ‘found’ is a modern mental construct, which Janet Nelson has called a myth; 78 indeed, terms directly indicating ‘law-finding’ appear to be absent from the sources. 79 Above all, the Kern theory creates problems because it introduces concepts which are unnecessary for the comprehension of medieval political ideas. Law in this early period can be divided simply into the great mass of popular custom; that small part of custom included in royal codes; and royal decrees. Where law did not exist in a written form, law was what experienced men declared it to be. 80 There is no need to go beyond these categories. In point of fact we have very little hard evidence for custom other than that included in written codes. 81 The most useful definition of custom sees it as being in some sense created by the people and those who declare what it is. Where barbarian and medieval customs were not written down there was infinite scope for unconscious innovation: they of their nature evolved. Custom did not cease to be such through the mere fact of being written down; but if it was included in a royally issued code it took on, as we have seen, the character of legislation. Sophisticated analysis, however, of the constitutive elements of custom, in terms of the tacit consent of the people, usage, lapse of time and the relationship between written and unwritten law, only emerged with later medieval scientific jurisprudence.
The limitations imposed on theocratic kingship by popular elements, higher norms and the demands of the common good were accepted in the barbarian kingdoms and ensured that there was no arbitrary royal absolutism. Normally kings ruled within these constraints. But what happened if they ceased to observe them? Could these limitations be enforced and, if so, by whom? This was to be a problem which was to be inherited by the Middle Ages. In reality, if a king refused to be bound by such limitations, there existed no legal right of resistance to him. A crucial distinction was involved: the king was limited but not controlled. If these limitations could not be enforced, did this mean that they did not really exist? To argue in this way is to adopt a view which only accepts the validity of power. In barbarian kingdoms and the Middle Ages such limitations were considered to have validity, whatever the actions of individual monarchs. Although the lack of a right of resistance is certainly consistent with the logic of the theocratic model, it is not necessarily solely derived from it. Contrary to the myth of Germanic popular monarchy there is only one dubious piece of evidence (concerning the Burgundians) for any right of resistance amongst pre-entry Germans. 82 It may be that barbarian theocratic monarchy was in this respect built upon older Germanic foundations.
Theocratic monarchy only made sense as a form of government over Christians. The society in which it existed could therefore be seen as being identified with the church in the wide sense of those baptised into membership of it. Because of the fundamental division into clergy and laity, the relationships between secular rulers and the church as a purely ecclesiastical and clerical body were to assume central importance in the political ideas of the medieval west: indeed, the very designation of monarchs as secular reflected this religious context. Although the main developments occurred in the Middle Ages proper, some of the seeds were sown in the period of the barbarian kingdoms and some of the basic questions raised.
Yet precisely because the king held theocratic power in such a society, was he in any sense a priest or could he be fully categorised as a layman? The answer is not an easy one. The king in that he did not exercise sacramental functions was not a priest, and was never, either in the barbarian kingdoms or at any time in the Middle Ages, understood to be a priest in such a sense. To this extent the division between clergy and laity was maintained. But there were other aspects to priesthood than the purely sacramental, and it was in these areas that the king could be considered as a priest. If one considers the Visigothic kingdom, for instance, the king exercised a jurisdictional control over the clergy and one which they accepted. Certainly from the time of the Third Council of Toledo called by Reccared in 589, church councils were either summoned directly by the king or held with his permission: indeed, the notable series of Councils of Toledo, which by their decrees contributed to the development of a territorial law for Visigothic Spain, are clear evidence for the identity of church and society. The king legislated in ecclesiastical matters, nominated bishops and even excommunicated. 83 The role of the clergy was to formulate and teach the norms of Christian society, and that of the king to enforce them: as Isidore said, it was the role of the temporal ruler to accomplish ‘through the terror of discipline’ what the priest has failed to bring about ‘through the preaching of doctrine’. 84
Although the monarch himself was subject to the norms set forth by the episcopacy this did not result in any right of resistance or deposition on the part of the clergy. Svinthila, for instance, had fallen before he was condemned in 633 as an unjust and faithless king by the Fourth Council of Toledo, which held that he had already deprived himself of the kingship. 85 The sense in which the Visigoths were priest-kings can be understood according to the distinction between two forms of sacerdotal power, the sacramental one of orders (potestas ordinis) and that of jurisdiction (potestas jurisdictionis), although this terminology only became current in the twelfth century. 86 Isidore stressed the responsibility of this lofty royal vocation by holding that the king was answerable before God for the church in his care. 87 Similarly, the Merovingians were likened to priests, but not in a sacramental sense: thus Gregory of Tours, for instance, referred to Guntram as ‘king like a good priest’. 88 The identification of the Franks with Israel permitted Venantius Fortunatus to call Childebert I by the name of Melchisedech, who at the time of Abraham had combined the offices of ‘king of Salem’ and ‘priest of God most high’, a model which in the Middle Ages was to be of continuing importance for the idea of the combination of royal and sacerdotal power. 89 The foundations of the more highly developed Carolingian conception of priest-kingship were laid in the Merovingian period.
In the Visigothic kingdom, but nowhere else before the Carolingian period, the practice of the clerical anointing of kings emerged. There is dispute about its first appearance. It is possible that Svinthila’s successor may have been anointed in 631 in order to legitimise his rule by thus raising him above the level of his people. 90 From the consecration of Wamba in 672 no unanointed king ruled in Spain. The origins of this rite remain obscure. It most likely derived from post-baptismal chrismation which provided an indirect link with Old Testament royal anointing: the liturgy referred to ‘the oil wherewith thou hast anointed priests, kings and prophets’. 91 There is no evidence of episcopal unction in Visigothic Spain to serve as a model, nor do the fragmentary remains of the royal consecration liturgy (surviving from the late seventh century) refer to the anointings of Saul and David. 92 The rite had to be administered by the clergy; but they did not gain any control over the monarch as a result. 93 This Visigothic anointing had no long-term historical influence because of the Islamic conquest. It was to be the Carolingian royal unction that was to initiate the true western tradition of the consecration of kings with all its implications for the nature of royal priestly powers and a changing relationship between the clergy and the secular ruler.
There still, however, remains the question of whether any form of Germanic sacral kingship underlay Christian theocratic monarchy in the barbarian kingdoms. A sacral king combined royal and priestly functions in that he was a cult-king embodying his people’s good luck which he maintained through his link with divinity. This is a very obscure subject which has provoked radical disagreements among scholars. J.M. Wallace-Hadrill, for instance, has supported the argument that the Germanic tribes brought a form of sacral kingship with them into the empire, although he admits that by the first half of the seventh century Christian concepts of kingship had ousted heathen ones amongst the Merovingians. 94 Furthermore, William A. Chaney has stressed the interaction of Germanic and Scandinavian sacral kingship with Christian theocratic conceptions throughout the whole Anglo-Saxon period. 95 There is a broad stream of scholarship, especially German, which supports the thesis of Germanic sacral kingship. 96 Yet there are serious problems in accepting this idea. As already noted, there are extreme difficulties in determining the beliefs of pre-entry Germans. The earliest Roman evidence for German sacral kingship is provided by Ammianus Marcellinus’ treatment of the Burgundians. Yet the value of his testimony for conditions just before the migrations is questionable. 97 His famous statement that the Burgundian king ‘by ancient custom, after having laid down his power, is removed, if under him the fortune of war shall have wavered, or the land denied a full harvest’, could indicate either sacrality or, equally well, simply the attempt to obviate the effects of supposed divine displeasure. 98 Furthermore, anthropological comparisons with similar tribal societies in which war leaders are dedicated to the cult of a war god do not provide historical evidence for conditions amongst the Germans.
The crucial question, however, is concerned not with any pre-entry notions, but with whether sacrality underlay barbarian and then medieval theocratic monarchy in any sense. Here the problem is a conceptual one. Once such rulership was firmly established, it is very difficult to isolate reliably any sacral elements within it since any which might qualify can be understood in a purely Christian sense—that is, as being simply the signs of God’s favour. The evidence for the divine origin of Germanic royal families is also ambiguous. Although Jordanes, for instance, refers to the demigods called Anses as the ancestors of the Amals, Theoderic’s dynasty, there is apparently no hard evidence that either he or the Ostrogoths themselves considered that the royal family in fact participated in divinity through descent. 99 Similarly, the insertion of Woden in the genealogies of Anglo-Saxon kings, whereas it may indicate a sacral monarchy at some early stage, by the time of Bede at least becomes purely conventional and lacks any real content derived from a pagan past. 100 What seems to have happened generally is that any originally sacral elements, which there may have been, were transformed by the development of theocratic monarchy in such a way that they ceased to exist in any identifiable sense. The long hair of the Merovingians has often been seen as a sign of their sacrality. This interpretation may be relevant to their early years, but with the increasing Christianisation of their kingship their hair was most likely seen only as indicating legitimacy, which may indeed have been its function all along. 101 Barbarian and medieval theocratic kings nevertheless possessed one supposed royal power which may have preserved a faint remnant of sacrality: that of healing (of touching for the king’s evil), which went back at least as far as the Merovingian Guntram, and is evidence of a charisma which appeared to go beyond divine favour. It is, however, outside Christendom that one must look for clear proof for the existence of sacral kingship in the early Middle Ages: to the Scandinavian and Icelandic sagas.
In the west the division between clergy and laity had results which went far beyond just preventing the emergence of any monolithic form of priest-kingship. From the late fourth and above all the fifth century there is clear evidence that the papacy was emerging as a governmental institution. This development was to have profound effects both within the church conceived as a purely ecclesiastical body and for the relationship between secular and spiritual power in the Christian world as a whole. It was in this early period that certain crucial characteristics of the papacy were formed, the seeds which grew into the papal monarchy of the Middle Ages.
It became increasingly apparent that the papacy possessed two aspects: the popes had both a purely spiritual role as pastors and teachers, and also a strictly jurisdictional one. The two were interrelated as different facets of the same office, but the dominant characteristic of the medieval papacy was to be its growth as a jurisdictional and hence governmental institution. The reason was that the church was perceived in corporational terms: it was the body of the faithful (corpus fidelium) which needed to be governed; it was not a purely spiritual communion of believers. Papal government was exercised by means of the law: it was jurisdiction in the fundamental sense of laying down the law. That it should take this form was largely the result of the Roman context of the papacy’s development: Roman governmental and legal concepts heavily influenced papal ideas of government. The die was cast when popes began to imitate imperial rescripts by issuing decretals (that is, letters which determined matters authoritatively), the first surviving one being that sent in 385 by Siricius to the Spanish bishop Himerius of Tarragona. 102
The understanding of the nature of papal authority became more closely defined in legal form. The foundation of that authority was understood to lie in Christ’s commission to St Peter in Matthew 16:18-19:
You are Peter and on this rock I will build my Church. And the gates of the underworld can never hold out against it. I will give you the keys of the kingdom of heaven: whatever you bind on earth shall be considered bound in heaven; whatever you loose on earth shall be considered loosed in heaven. 103
From the 380s this passage was increasingly used by the papacy. Together with Christ’s injunction to Peter in John 21:15-17: ‘Feed my lambs…Feed my sheep’, 104 it was destined to provide the scriptural base of papal jurisdictional and pastoral claims in the Middle Ages. On the face of it the Matthean passage is not clear, as is witnessed by its tortured history in Christian exegesis. Who is the ‘rock’, St Peter or Christ himself? The papacy, of course, identified the ‘rock’ with Peter. 105 The ‘rock’ could also be the truth of Christ’s divinity or Peter’s faith. Furthermore, what is the meaning of ‘binding and loosing’? The phrase could have a purely spiritual sense relating to sin. Yet the papacy interpreted it in a jurisdictional manner, and in so doing reflected rabbinic practice which used the terms in connection with decisions in regard to the law, although the main influence would have been the Roman law employment of ‘to bind’ (ligare) and ‘to loose’ (solvere). Christ, in short, was understood in this passage to have instituted a church and to have imparted jurisdiction to Peter within it as a response to the latter’s recognition of his master’s divinity. Even the Johannine passage, which appears quite literally pastoral, was also given a legal interpretation as fulfilling the Matthean one.
But was Peter to have a successor or was this a purely personal commission in response to his faith? This was the crucial question regarding the claims of the papacy. How could a link be established between each pope and Peter? The assumption behind the papal view was that Christ had established a visible church, which if it was to survive needed a continuing government, and therefore a succession of popes. There was, however, no documentary evidence that St Peter had instituted a successor. Towards the end of the fourth century this deficiency was remedied for the papacy. Rufinus translated into Latin, with elaborations, a spurious letter attributed to Pope Clement I and which had been written in Greek in the late second century. According to this St Peter passed on to Clement the powers of binding and loosing contained in Matthew 16:18-19 thus making him the heir to his authority. 106 Already in the decretal of Siricius mentioned above the pope had been called the heir of St Peter. 107 This theme received an epoch-making development at the hands of Leo I (440-61), who building on the work of his predecessors made the most important contribution to the expression of papal claims in late antiquity. 108 Leo produced the formula that the pope was the unworthy heir of St Peter (indignus haeres beati Petri). 109 Leo’s view was coloured by Roman law ideas of inheritance whereby the heir was considered to be legally identical with the deceased. Thus Leo sought to show that the pope succeeded to the same legal powers as St Peter, but that because of each pope’s personal unworthiness there was involved no claim to St Peter’s personal merits in response to which the original commission had been made. This was the basis of the fundamental distinction between the office and the man which the papacy was to insist upon throughout the Middle Ages and beyond. However depraved or unsuitable an individual incumbent might be, he still retained his full legal authority as pope. Indeed, as Leo said of his office, ‘We are in St Peter’s place’ (vice Petri fungimur) 110 —the first pope overtly to claim this vicariate.
The pontificate of Leo showed the developed monarchical form of papal government with emphasis on the pope’s primacy (primatus) and headship (principatus) of the church. Certainly from the time of Siricius’ decretal onwards that headship had been interpreted within a corporational context. The church, on the basis of St Paul’s image of it as the body of Christ (corpus Christi), 111 was considered to have as its head (caput) the Roman church (whose head was the pope) and the other churches as its members (membra). This organic or organological theme, which ordered those comprising the whole according to their various functions, was to be fundamental for papal theory in the Middle Ages. Leo interpreted his jurisdictional role of headship in a specifically judicial fashion by seeking to encourage the papacy’s existing claim to be the supreme court of appeal in ecclesiastical cases. Walter Ullmann held that Leo’s vision of the pope’s role in the Christian corpus culminated in the possession of plenitude of power (plenitudo potestatis)—that is, the fullness of Christ’s jurisdictional powers given to St Peter. 112 This view should, however, be assessed with caution. Although plenitudo potestatis did come to have this sense in the thirteenth century, Leo I used it in a far more restricted manner: to indicate how the delegated and therefore partial authority of a papal vicar, that is legate, differed from the pope’s, which was full in relation to it. 113 The fulfilment of the early development of papal monarchy should rather be seen as emerging after Leo’s pontificate. By the end of the fifth century the constitutional formula, ‘the pope is judged by no one’ (papa a nemine iudicatur) was established. This expressed what amounted to sovereignty in jurisdictional terms. 114
In the early sixth century the organological theme received further elaboration in a non-papal source which was to have immense influence on ecclesiological and political thought in the Middle Ages, and was to be of especial assistance to the papacy. An anonymous writer in Greek, who purported to be St Paul’s disciple, Denis (Dionysius) the Areopagite, and is thus known as Pseudo-Denis, produced amongst other works two on the theme of hierarchy, On the Celestial Hierarchy and On the Ecclesiastical Hierarchy. 115 These soon found their way into the papal library, although they were translated into Latin only much later (by 835). The author had the distinction of coining the term ‘hierarchy’, by which he meant an ordering of inferior ranks depending on superior ones and culminating in God the ‘principle of unity’ (principium unitatis). This Christian view of the order of the world showed strong Neoplatonist influence and owed much to the works of Proclus (410-85). Neoplatonic ideas, according to which man the microcosm mirrored the structure of the macrocosm, the universe itself, were to supplement the Pauline view as another main source of medieval organological ideas, notably through Chalcidius’ commentary on Plato’s Timaeus. 116
The development of the papacy as a governmental institution within the Christian corpus, conceived as a public body, is obviously that aspect which is directly relevant to the history of political ideas. Yet to overstress this particular process would be to neglect other parts of the papacy’s role. Its jurisdictional function was at heart but the legal expression of its spiritual mission, which also found more direct doctrinal and pastoral realisation. Most dramatically, Leo I’s definition through his legates at the Council of Chalcedon in 451 ensured that the papal solution to the long-standing debate concerning the relationship between the divine and human natures of Christ was accepted as the definition of orthodoxy in both east and west. The pastoral function of the pope received perhaps its most influential elaboration in the pontificate of Gregory I (590-604). He stressed the pope’s primacy within a structure of hierarchy and obedience, yet in an overall context of service to his flock. It is no accident that he adopted as the pope’s official title, ‘servant of the servants of God’ (servus servorum dei). His attitude is summed up by his claim that he had the ‘care and headship’ (cura et principatus) of the church committed to him by God. For him the powers of papal primacy existed to defend the faith and to secure ultimate appellate jurisdiction in ecclesiastical cases. The coexistence of the jurisdictional and pastoral roles of the pope was indeed highlighted in Gregory’s reign. As a result diametrically opposed interpretations have been reached by modern historians. For instance, whereas Walter Ullmann stressed Gregory’s place within the growth of papal monarchy in the west, Jeffrey Richards considers that the emphasis was on humility in the exercise of jurisdiction. 117
Since the pope’s jurisdictional powers were inherited from St Peter, each pontiff on election was understood to succeed St Peter directly, rather than succeeding the previous pope. The pope however only received his sacramental powers on consecration as bishop of Rome; he derived these through normal episcopal apostolic succession and thus succeeded his predecessor in this respect. Whereas papal jurisdictional powers were complete on his election by (in theory) the clergy and people of Rome, the full complement of papal powers was only reached on his consecration. It would be misleading to employ the developed categories of potestas jurisdictionis and potestas ordinis to elucidate the position of the pope at this time, but his emerging claims were that he possessed a general jurisdictional power by virtue of his papal office; that he enjoyed a pre-eminent sacramental, pastoral and teaching role as the bishop of the pre-eminent see; and that as the bishop of Rome he had specific local spiritual and jurisdictional functions. The question of the relationship of the powers of the pope and those of bishops was to be a particularly thorny one in the Middle Ages: there was to be a history of tension between the bishops’ pretensions to local autonomy and the centralising tendency of the papacy. Certainly at this time, although Rome was stressing its appellate jurisdiction, local jurisdiction was understood to form part of the powers which a bishop derived from apostolic succession; it would be much later that the competing idea that bishops derived their jurisdiction from the pope would be developed. The fifth century was indeed a crucial moment in history because the predominantly legal direction which the papacy then took was to be a fateful one for the Middle Ages and beyond. This trend was to a considerable extent historically conditioned both by the retreat of imperial authority in the west and the papacy’s Roman environment. From the theological point of view the history of the medieval papacy could have been different with a central emphasis, not on the legally interpreted passages from Matthew 16:18-19 and John 21:15-17, but on Peter’s role as first Easter witness: ‘The Lord has risen and has appeared to Simon’ (Luke 24:34). 118 Because the papal office encompassed a range of possibilities, there was to be an enduring problem in the Middle Ages concerning the nature and limits of papal authority.
As regards the specific question of the relationship between secular and spiritual power the claims of the fifth-century papacy were to provide the seeds of developments central to the political ideas of the Middle Ages. Although the papacy operated within the context of a Christian world (mundus) identified with the Roman empire, imperial claims were undermined by the consistent papal treatment of the emperor as a son (filius) of the church, on the grounds that he was a Christian and thus subject to ecclesiastical authority in religious and moral matters. In this way the first fracture in the structure of imperial sovereignty was produced. Although it was not perceived at the time, the road was opened in the west for the medieval conflicts between the two powers. In 390 St Ambrose had already, in his censuring of the Emperor Theodosius I, expressly treated him as a son of the church. Ambrose had thereby laid an important part of the foundations of the medieval papacy, but unintentionally so because he himself did not accept the jurisdictional primacy of Rome, attributing to St Peter only ‘a primacy of confession not of honour’ (primatus confessionis non honoris). 119 The hierarchical view of clerical superiority over the laity was expressed by Ambrose and the papacy in the form that the role of the clergy was to teach (docere) and of lay people to learn (discere). As Pope Celestine I (422-32) said, ‘The people is to be taught, not followed’ (docendus est populus, non sequendus). 120 Theological knowledge (scientia), the preserve of the clergy, was perceived as the basis of authority in a Christian society: the stage was set for the move which the church was to make from its teaching to its governmental or jurisdictional role.
However, the Acacian Schism—the first full-scale conflict between the churches of Rome and Constantinople, and thus also between the papacy and an emperor—encouraged Pope Gelasius I (492-6) to define more closely the relative powers of the empire and the priesthood. In so doing he produced classic formulations which both drew on existing papal ideas and also innovated. The schism’s ostensible cause was a dispute over conflicting Monophysite and Chalcedonian Christological interpretations. The Emperor Zeno (474-91), who sheltered Patriarch Acacius, had intervened in 482 through issuing an edict, known as the Henoticon, which contained a formula of faith aimed at achieving unity but which infringed the definition of the Council of Chalcedon. Thus Zeno, solely on his own authority, was laying down the law in a purely religious matter. In doing so he was acting in the traditional Roman fashion by treating res sacrae as matters of public law subject to imperial rulership—a reflection of the sacral nature of the state. Furthermore, he then, quite logically, laid the charge of laesa majestas against some of the bishops who opposed him. This attitude was unacceptable to the papacy under Felix III (483-92), and his head of chancery and successor, Gelasius himself, who denied the imperial claim to legislate in religious matters.
Gelasius, in a letter of 494 addressed to Zeno’s successor, Anastasius I, maintains that ‘there are indeed two things, emperor augustus, by which this world is principally ruled: the consecrated authority of bishops (auctoritas sacrata pontificum) and the royal power (regalis potestas)’. 121 ‘Royal’ here both applies to monarchs in general, and the emperor in particular, as the context makes clear. 122 Gelasius innovates in arguing that the government of Christendom is divided between the secular and the spiritual power, a logical extension of existing papal governmental claims. As he explains in his Tractatus IV, or Tomus, c. 11, this division was decreed by Christ to avoid the effects of human pride (superbia). 123 The two powers are to exist in parallel and observe the limits assigned to them.
In religious matters the clergy are in control. Indeed, the emperor ‘is the son, not the director of the church, and in so far as religion is concerned, it befits him to learn, not teach’: 124 he is to this extent subject to the clergy. 125 Within the clerical body itself primacy and pre-eminence lie with the pope. 126 In secular affairs, however, the clergy obey and use imperial laws because the emperor’s power was instituted by God. 127 Yet even so the advantage lies with the clergy: bishops cannot be tried in lay courts even for treason, an aspect of their claim to the prerogative of independent jurisdiction (privilegium fori), to which they had been aspiring since the fourth century. 128 Although the two powers are distinct, they are not equal. Because the clergy alone define the content of religious matters, they, not the emperor, in effect determine the relative boundaries of both powers in a Christian society. Indeed, ‘of the two [powers] that of the priesthood is a greater burden, in so far as they must also render account before God for the very kings of men’, 129 a responsibility implying that of a superior answerable for the actions of an inferior. Walter Ullmann, however, offered the more thorough-going interpretation that Gelasius was deliberately employing terminology from Roman constitutional law to convey that episcopal auctoritas was so much higher than mere royal potestas that it directed the imperial power, which had a purely auxiliary function. 130 This reading, however, places more weight on Gelasius’ words than they can bear. The pope showed no sign of intending a technically exact usage because he was not consistent: elsewhere he referred to each as a potestas (as in Tomus, c. 11) and in fact also reversed the application of the terms. 131
Even so, Gelasius’ thesis amounted to a definite denial of Roman imperial priest-kingship. The irony was that Cunctos populos had itself contributed to this development. 132 Since Christianity had thereby been made the official religion of the empire and thus its government and doctrine the subject of public law, a Christian character had been given to the emperor’s existing roles as priest and king, which were but two aspects of the one function of rulership. Gelasius’ interpretation of papal governmental ideas, since it had effect at this very level of public law, purported seriously to limit the Christian emperor’s jurisdiction by claiming that bishops shared the rulership of the Roman world. If Christianity had remained but a sect in Roman terms, the whole question would never have arisen in this form. Gelasius, obviously, did not derive his arguments from Roman law; but their effect, because the church was legally a public corporation, was to challenge the emperor’s legal position. The imperial court, as Justinian’s Nov. 6 was to make clear, never accepted the Gelasian view. 133
It is important, however, not to exaggerate the immediate effect of Gelasius’ ideas even in the west. In the sixth century the papacy appears to have retreated from his position in its dealings with the emperor who, it accepted, was in some sense king and priest. This marked a return to the situation under Pope Leo I, who had, for instance, referred to the Emperor Leo I’s ‘sacerdotal and apostolic mind’ in combating heresy. 134 Indeed, the papal chancery seems to have forgotten about Gelasius’ formulations concerning the relationship between spiritual and secular power until the Carolingian period. 135 From that time onwards, however, his statements were central to any discussion of this subject. Yet, as we shall see, his words were to be interpreted in radically different ways. Gelasius’ clearly expressed view that the secular and spiritual powers were distinct was a seminal contribution to the theme of dualism which was to run through medieval political thought: that there were two parallel jurisdictions, the existence of which involved a division of ultimate authority and thus, possibly, of loyalties. Indeed, he expressly denied secular governmental power to the clergy, and his argument in the Tomus about the effects of pride certainly applied to any such encroachment by the sacerdotium quite as much as to any on the part of the emperors. Yet through stressing the superiority of the clergy in religious matters he also provided ammunition for those who in the Middle Ages sought radically to expand the scope of what could be considered the due concern of spiritual jurisdiction in a Christian society, and thus seriously to limit the freedom of action of the secular ruler. Such was not Gelasius’ own intention: he sought primarily to protect the doctrinal independence of the church and the judicial freedom of the clergy.
Gregory I’s views on the relationships between spiritual and secular power were very different from those of Gelasius and reflected the changed circumstances of the papacy after the Gothic Wars. Whereas Gelasius’ ideas had been sharpened through confrontation, Gregory worked in an atmosphere of deliberate co-operation with Constantinople and the imperial Exarchate of Ravenna, and accepted that the emperor could validly involve himself in religious affairs and indeed legislate for them. To this extent he abandoned Gelasius’ sharp distinction between the two powers. Being, like all popes, legally a subject of the emperor, Gregory sought to respect his sovereign’s rights while at the same time fulfilling his own duties as pontiff: to preserve the faith, the pre-eminence of the Roman church, and the privileges of the clergy. Whenever he found himself in opposition to the emperor, he sought to avoid open conflict. As regards Gregory’s attitude to western kings, however, there has been serious disagreement among modern scholars. Walter Ullmann argued that Gregory’s pontificate marked a fundamental turning-point for the development of the early medieval papacy and, indeed, the history of Europe, in that the pope deliberately turned to the Germanic nations of western Europe as the proper theatre for his extension of papal monarchic primacy (principatus), since the way was blocked by the empire in the east. Ullmann found it highly significant that, whereas Gregory consistently called the emperor ‘lord’ (dominus), he addressed western kings as his ‘sons’ (filii). As Robert Markus and Jeffrey Richards have shown, however, this grand interpretation is not supported by the evidence: Gregory viewed the western barbarian nations from an essentially Byzantine perspective, whereby they were considered to be ultimately subject to the universal Roman emperor. As pope, his prime interest was pastoral—to encourage the spread of Catholic Christianity and deepen the faith of those nations already converted: he was not seeking to extend papal power as such over the west. 136 He did however claim the right to impose the purely spiritual sanction of excommunication on secular rulers as well as clergy. 137
Gregory’s pontificate belonged to the end of the world of late antiquity. As that world crumbled in the course of the seventh century the papacy and the emperors drifted further apart as imperial authority diminished in Italy with the growth of Lombard power. The popes remained subjects of the empire, and, indeed, continued to have to obtain imperial confirmation of their election before they could be consecrated. 138 Yet this subjection became progressively out of tune with the realities of power in the west. Furthermore, there was papal resistance against imperial involvement in doctrinal matters. Pope Martin I (649-55), in defence of Chalcedonian christological orthodoxy, fought against the Emperor Constans II’s attempt to impose monotheletism, 139 and paid for his bravery by being arrested, taken to Constantinople, and there condemned for treason. He was deposed and died in exile. In contrast, after the brief reconciliation between Rome and Constantinople achieved by the Sixth Oecumenical Council (680-1), which condemned monotheletism, Pope Sergius I (687-701) was able successfully to resist the Emperor Justinian II’s attempt to impose the decrees of the Quini-Sext Council (692) by force. 140 The emperor no longer had any real power over the papacy. Indeed, Pope Constantine I (708-15), on the last medieval papal visit to Constantinople in 711, successfully demanded a safe-conduct and received the emperor’s ritual prostration before him (proskunesis). Although a form of paper agreement over the Quini-Sext decrees was reached, they were never enforced in the west. Constantine also felt strong enough to refuse to recognise Justinian II’s successor, Philippikos Bardanes (711-13) who officially reverted to monotheletism. In the 720s and 730s Byzantine power in Italy was further diminished by the Lombard advance under King Liutprand. In these circumstances the papacy was for its own security forced to develop radically new ideas about its relationship with secular power.
Theocratic monarchy and the papal claims were formulated within the context of a general Christian doctrine of the history and destiny of mankind. This view was elaborated most effectively by the Latin fathers of the church and was essentially theological in character, although it involved the most profound implications for ideas of government and the state. The story of man was seen to have been shaped by two crucial events: the Fall, involving the entry of sin into the world with the ensuing loss of God’s friendship, and the incarnation of Christ who atoned for human sin by his death and founded the church as the vehicle of salvation. Augustine (354-430) produced the classic exposition of the doctrine of the Fall; his interpretation became completely dominant in the west.
According to the general patristic interpretation, man’s true nature existed solely before the Fall, and survived thereafter only in a damaged form. In this view the nature proper to man was clearly a theoretical construct bearing only a distant relationship to the human condition in the world as we know it: mankind’s present predicament lay in the realm of fallen nature. Sin, however, was not considered to have totally destroyed man’s original nature, but rather to have obscured it: through his rational qualities there remained a scintilla of what he once had been. His ideal, primitive characteristics served as a standard against which the institutions of the fallen world could be judged. In their prelapsarian condition in paradise human beings enjoyed liberty, equality and the common use of all goods. Government, involving the subjection of man to man, like the institutions of slavery and property, was a divinely sanctioned remedy and punishment for sin and would not have been found in the original dispensation of nature: state authority, being perceived as essentially coercion, was inconsistent with man’s original liberty. Humans, according to their unfallen nature, were indeed social beings but not political ones: although the structure of subordination within the family, specifically the wife’s and children’s to its male head, was natural, that within the state was not. This theory recognised no autonomous political dimension, and understood the content and purpose of government and the state according to a strictly theological perspective. Yet within this overall structure there were variations of view between individual Fathers: the role of rulership could be interpreted either in a relatively negative way in so far as its function as punishment was primarily stressed or in a more positive manner with the greater emphasis on its remedial purpose. 141
It is particularly difficult to assess Augustine’s contribution to the patristic theory of government and the state. He was a sophisticated, radical and profoundly spiritual theologian: his political ideas were incidental to his primarily religious purpose in writing and occupied a minute part of his vast output. In his mature thought, that is from about 405 onwards, and above all in De civitate dei (The City of God), his political ideas were subordinated to his developed theological thesis. 142 He divided mankind into the city of God and the earthly city—that is, the elect destined to be saved and those predestined to damnation. The cities were distinguished from each other by the objects of their love: ‘Two loves have built the two cities: self-love in contempt of God the earthly city, love of God in contempt of self the heavenly.’ 143 The city of God was composed of those loving the common good for reasons of Christian charity, the earthly city of those consumed by a self-interested lust for power over others (libido dominandi). This was a deep insight into the way in which human beings make fundamental options in their lives, and thereby affect their relations with others and their ultimate fate in heaven or hell. The two cities were intermixed on earth and would only be distinguished eschatologically, that is at the last judgement. Thus the church in this world, although in a sense it represented the city of God, combined within itself members of both cities, with God alone at this stage knowing who belonged to which group.
Given this orientation of his thought, Augustine was not much concerned with the political order as such. Indeed, he was highly sceptical about how much the state could achieve, attributing to it only the minimal role of preserving peace so that the good might not be disturbed. Political arrangements were entirely neutral as regards the human race’s main business of salvation. Augustine reached the radical position that the state in itself was not a moral force at all. This became clear in De civitate dei where he discussed Cicero’s definition of a people comprising a res publica as being ‘a multitude united together by consent to law and the participation in a common good’. 144 It was fundamental to Cicero’s political theory that the law (ius) of the state should be the embodiment of justice (iustitia). Augustine understood justice in the full Christian sense, which went far beyond Cicero’s conception. Augustine’s main discussion was in Book XIX, where in chapter 21 he maintained that without justice there was no true respublica, a view which appeared to echo his statement in Book IV, chapter 4: ‘Remove justice, and what are kingdoms but bands of robbers on a large scale?’ 145 But such was not his final opinion. Because he held that no state could in fact achieve Christian justice, he was in Book XIX, chapter 24, willing to leave justice out of his definition of the state entirely and to accept a minimalist and amoral description: ‘A people is the association of a multitude of rational beings united by a common agreement on the objects of their love.’ 146 Augustine had the Roman empire primarily in mind, and his words revealed how far he had departed in his later years from the tradition of Eusebius’ equation of Roman and Christian, which he had himself espoused in his earlier works. Faced with the accelerating collapse of Roman power in the west, Augustine had lost confidence in any human state with the result that he freed the church from reliance on any particular political structure. Indeed, his pessimism about the whole political order is summed up in this statement: ‘As for this mortal life, which ends after a few days’ course, what does it matter under whose rule a man lives, being so soon to die, provided that the rulers do not force him to impious and wicked acts?’ 147
Augustine’s mature thought was, however, quite irrelevant to the development of medieval political ideas. His removal of justice from the definition of the state was not perceived, let alone understood, and his doctrine of the two cities was only properly appreciated in the late Middle Ages, notably in the context of the disputes about the role of poverty in Christian life. Augustine kept church and state separate. Yet the later western patristic tradition, as represented by Gregory the Great and Isidore of Seville, travelled along a different road. Unlike Augustine, both were willing to move towards identifying society with the church understood in its wider sense as the community of Christians clerical and lay, and to view secular rulership as operating within this context. Gregory stressed the religious mission of Christian rulers, whether the Roman emperor or barbarian kings, whereas Isidore was not concerned with the empire but with a territorial Christian kingdom. The full development of this ecclesiastical conception of rulership was only reached in the Carolingian period and became a fundamental characteristic of clerical political theory in the Middle Ages.
The monarch was perceived as an individual Christian and as such subject to the Christian normative structure as defined by the clergy. His prime duties to achieve justice and peace were understood to have a Christian content. Augustine’s works were drawn upon in constructing this view, but only in a partial manner. In De civitate dei, II, 21, he stated: ‘True justice is found only in that commonwealth whose founder and ruler is Christ…There is true justice in that City of which the holy Scripture says, “Glorious things are said about you, City of God”.’ 148 Augustine was interpreted as meaning that true justice was only achievable in a Christian society understood as an existing body of baptised Christians; that only such a society, unlike the Roman state, could be a true respublica. This meant that the city of God became directly identified with the church in its wider sense, a less rigorist and more practical notion than Augustine’s denial that it could ever be a perceptible community in this world. His subtle argument in Book XIX, 24, was ignored. The ideals of Christian justice and peace were to be the guiding lights of the Christian monarch, and their achievement his purpose for the good of those he ruled. From Augustine’s standpoint this view would be naïve. Clearly, there is a distinction between Augustine’s mature theory of rulership and the state and this early medieval doctrine. In order to mark the difference, while acknowledging the element of debt to Augustine, H.-X. Arquillière named this development ‘august-inisme politique’, as he said, ‘for want of a better word’. 149 Yet, although Augustine’s mature theory was clear, he was sometimes inconsistent. He justified the forcible coercion of Donatist heretics by Christian rulers and public officials, and in De civitate dei, Book V he expressed the view that the establishment of the Roman empire and the good fortune of certain Christian emperors were the products of divine providence. 150 Although Augustine cast a long shadow over the western Middle Ages, it is possible to exaggerate his influence on political ideas. To categorise the emergent conception of Christian rulership as in any sense Augustinian may be a convenient shorthand, but is certainly a loose usage.
Patristic doctrines were to be selectively interpreted in the early medieval west in a manner which reinforced theocratic monarchy, although they were not in themselves its source. This process consolidated the great shift in Christian political ideas from the early recognition of any form of rule as being ultimately sanctioned by God in a religiously pluralist world, to the acceptance of theocratic monarchy as the sole form of rule in a totally Christian society.
The period from the mid-eighth to the mid-eleventh century was of crucial significance because it witnessed the consolidation of characteristically medieval ideas about both the nature of organised society and its structures of authority and power. Many of these concepts, although developed and modified later, were to remain basic for the remainder of the Middle Ages.
It was a time of fundamental change. In 751 Pippin III, with the support of Pope Zacharias, ousted the last Merovingian king, Childeric, and gained the Frankish kingship for himself. His dynasty, the Carolingian, was to last with varying degrees of authority and territorial control until 987. Under his son Charlemagne (768-814) the Frankish monarchy attained in western Europe a level of power unprecedented since the days of the Roman empire. In his reign Carolingian rule was extended over the whole of continental western Christendom, an area which extended from north-east Spain through what was to become France, to western and central Germany (including areas unconquered by the Romans), and down through most of Italy to the borders of the Byzantine lands in the south. A Frankish empire had been in fact established.
In recognition of Charlemagne’s imperial authority Pope Leo III crowned him Emperor of the Romans in St Peter’s basilica on Christmas Day 800, an event the significance of which has been endlessly debated by historians. This marked the beginning of the medieval Roman emperorship in the west. The heyday of the Carolingian empire did not, however, outlast the troubled reign of Charlemagne’s son, Louis the Pious (814-40). By the Treaty of Verdun in 843 the Carolingian inheritance was split three ways: Charles the Bald (840-77) was to hold West Francia, Louis the German (died 876) East Francia, and the Emperor Lothar (died 855) a middle kingdom stretching from the Low Countries through Burgundy to north Italy. In 870, with the partition of Meersen, a more geographically simplified division was established between West Francia under Charles, East Francia under Louis and a kingdom in north Italy in the hands of the Emperor Louis II (855-75). Although towards the end of his life (in 875) Charles the Bald gained the emperorship, it was by this stage a title of no great practical importance. It was associated with the Italian kingdom and became defunct in 924.
In the political thought of this period from the mid-eighth to the late ninth century, monarchy, whether kingship or emperorship, certainly held centre stage. Ecclesiastics played a dominant role in the elaboration of ideas of theocratic monarchy. This trend reflected the markedly higher profile adopted by the papacy and the Frankish episcopacy in political matters, as shown above all by their active involvement in the making of rulers. The church was well and truly embarked upon its involvement in public life at the highest level, a function which it was to fulfil throughout the Middle Ages. Yet there was another side to Carolingian monarchy. Rulers relied also upon the co-operation of their secular magnates. The Carolingians were both theocratic monarchs and a noble family raised above the level of the others: the highest peaks in the range as it were. This meant that the element of the magnates’ consent in the making of kings and assent to their rule survived. Furthermore, the bonds of society, quite apart from any considerations of Christian faith, were reinforced by the fidelity sworn to the king by those he ruled, both clerical and lay. Carolingian government was a form of combined operation between the monarch and his secular and ecclesiastical magnates. The Carolingian theory of rulership and society was an amalgam of theocracy, consent and fidelity.
The period from the end of the ninth century through to the middle of the eleventh contained many political legacies from the Carolingian era at its height. By the last decade or so before 900 royal authority had been eroded, partly under the cumulative impact of Viking invasions: real power came to lie in the hands of territorial magnates who had been consolidating their families’ possessions for generations and were, for instance, strong enough to depose the West Frankish king, Charles the Simple, in 923. From 895 East Francia suffered the first wave of Hungarian attacks. Increasing fragmentation affected all Carolingian regna.
Yet the consolidation of territorial principalities at the expense of royal power should be interpreted not so much as a symptom of political decline but rather as a sign of change in political structure, especially in West Francia, whereby the nobility at all levels became more and more independent in their localities. Yet in tenth-century West Francia fragmentation often went further, so much so that real authority was in many cases restricted to the area which a castle could dominate: territorial magnates themselves faced constant war to claim their rights within their lordships. The last Carolingians found themselves competing with other magnates, notably the Robertian dukes, who eventually in 987 obtained the kingship through the election of Hugh Capet (died 996), the founder of the Capetian dynasty. The problem of the eleventh-century Capetians was survival, and their task the gradual pacification and extension of their demesne around Paris. The history of East Francia was very different. From the time of Henry I, ‘The Fowler’ (916-36), who was elected by the Frankish and Saxon magnates, a strong monarchy based upon the Saxon stem-duchy emerged and was consolidated by the Ottonians. Otto I’s (936-73) victory over the Hungarians at the battle of the Lechfeld in 955 ended the period of the invasions of western Europe.
His pre-eminence as the most powerful ruler in Europe was confirmed when in 962 Pope John XII crowned him Roman Emperor. This time the institution of emperorship was to prove extremely long-lasting: indeed the line of Roman emperors only came to an end when it was suppressed by Napoleon in 1806. This Saxon dynasty, which was succeeded by the Salian from the reign of Conrad II (1024-39) relied considerably upon the support of its bishops and abbots to provide resources and administration. The growing difference between conditions in West and East Francia only served to underline the increasingly permanent division into the kingdoms which were becoming France and Germany: the frontiers between them would vary from time to time, but this fundamental configuration of the map of western Europe was to be a legacy of the Carolingian and Ottonian eras. In 1050 the German kingdom was very much a reality, the French, however, still not much more than an idea, but one which was to prove triumphantly tenacious.
As regards political ideas this period from the early tenth to the mid-eleventh century in continental Europe saw the further development of theocratic ideas of kingship and emperorship, but in a way which clearly subjected the church to lay control. The popes crowned and anointed the Roman emperors; but in the years from 963 to 1049 the emperors managed to exert a considerable degree of domination over the papacy. Although the spotlight must be on the German monarchy there were important developments elsewhere. In England the tenth and eleventh centuries witnessed the unification of the most governmentally precocious early medieval kingdom, the Anglo-Saxon, which, although it drew on Carolingian and Ottonian ideas, had a unique contribution to make to medieval political thought.
That Carolingian political ideas were overwhelmingly focused on theocratic rulership is both obvious and misleading because of the nature of the evidence. Theocratic notions were deliberately fostered by the monarchy as part of its programme for legitimising and consolidating the power of the dynasty. Royal and imperial official documents, such as capitularies 1 and letters, were a prime means to this end. The church supported this endeavour through the decrees of councils and the formulation of coronation orders (ordines). Individual ecclesiastics contributed through letters and tracts of various kinds, notably those which may be classed as early forms of the mirror-of-princes genre, 2 which sought to set forth the image of the ideal Christian ruler. Indeed, the royal programme itself was progressively taken over by the clergy in the course of the ninth century. Yet the prominence of theocratic conceptions should not obscure other ideas which, although fundamental, are not nearly so noticeable in the sources: the notions of fidelity and consent which, especially among the lay magnates, formed a bond of society and a basis for accepting the ruler’s authority. These deep-rooted attitudes and assumptions remained predominantly at the level of word and action rather than written record. These problems in interpreting political ideas form part of the wider one of how to assess the Carolingian Renaissance as a whole. This overtly Christian movement was the programme of the ruling dynasty and the church: it left large parts of life untouched. 3
The church stood at the cradle of the Carolingian dynasty through legitimising the transfer of the kingship from the powerless Childeric to Pippin. At the request of a Frankish embassy in 750 Pope Zacharias authorised this procedure. According to the Royal Frankish Annals written about forty years later, he replied to Pippin, ‘That it would be better for him to be called king who had the power of one, than him who remained without royal power’, and then ‘commanded by apostolic authority that Pippin be made king lest order be disturbed’. 4 Whereupon Pippin was elected king of the Franks at Soissons, and in 751 the Frankish bishops participated in this king-making through anointing the new monarch, an innovation in Frankish terms: as a contemporary account tells us, ‘Pippin the most high by the election of all the Franks to the throne of the kingdom, with the consecration by the bishops and the subjection of the lay magnates, together with his queen Bertrada, as the ancient order requires, was raised to the kingdom.’ 5
In 754 Pope Stephen II himself anointed Pippin. The bare facts of papal authorisation and election by the Frankish magnates, followed by episcopal and then papal anointing, are clear; interpretation is more obscure. Because of the lapse of time after the event the Royal Frankish Annals cannot necessarily be taken as an accurate account of Zacharias’s own words; they may be such, but may also represent a later justification in terms of the Isidorean notion that there must be congruence between the name (nomen) of king and royal actions, and the Augustinian view of the paramountcy of order in the microcosm and the macrocosm. Further, the church had by no means monopolised the king-making process. At this stage election by the Franks and clerical anointing are best seen as parallel and complementary forms of legitimation. Unction certainly indicated the ultimately divine source of royal authority, although, as we shall see, the developing significance of this liturgical act under the Carolingians became highly complex. Since the Merovingians themselves were theocratic kings, there was no innovation in stressing that Pippin’s power came from God. The older historical interpretation that Christian monarchy by divine grace replaced the Germanic blood-right of the Merovingians is misleading. 6 What was new, however, was the prominent role adopted by the church, notably the papacy’s involvement based on its long-established links with the Franks. In 751 the Exarchate of Ravenna had fallen to the Lombards who threatened the papacy. Zacharias and Stephen supported Pippin as potentially their strongest defender in the west; indeed, at his anointing Stephen also made Pippin ‘patrician of the Romans’ (patricius Romanorum) to perform this function. For Pippin the church gave additional confirmation that the change of dynasty was legitimate.
The clearest sign of the theocratic nature of Carolingian kingship was provided by the official adoption of the rex dei gratia formula as part of the royal title (intitulatio). Although there is a letter of Pippin, probably dating from 765, which uses the formula, it only became part of normal chancellery usage after his death from 769, and is to be found in the first official documents of both Charlemagne and Carloman. Between 769 and 774 the normal Carolingian intitulatio was ‘N. by the grace of God king of the Franks illustrious man’ (N. gratia Dei rex Francorum vir inluster). 7 The model for the rex dei gratia was the kings of the Old Testament, and the context the identification of the Franks as a chosen people with that of Israel. In these respects the Carolingians were developing Merovingian ideas. The king was the vicar of God (vicarius dei), as Cathwulf reminded Charlemagne in a letter of c. 775:
Always remember, therefore, my king, with fear and love for God your king, that you are in his place to look after and rule over all his members and to give account on judgement day even for yourself. And a bishop is in second place: he is only in Christ’s place. Ponder, therefore, within yourself how diligently to establish God’s law over the people of God. 8
Such kingship involved a religious role. At the Diet of Frankfurt of 794, for instance, Paulinus of Aquileia addressed Charlemagne as ‘priest and king’ (rex et sacerdos). 9 This usage did not imply any sacramental function, as indeed it had not for the Merovingians. Charlemagne both saw himself and was seen by those he ruled as having the prime responsibility before God for the Christian people divinely committed to his care—that is, for the church in the wider sense. He was a priest in that he promoted the worship of God and the spreading of his word. The church in the narrower and strictly ecclesiastical signification was included within the people which he governed; and his duty was to defend that church entrusted by God to his protection. 10 Indeed, as Alcuin, his teacher and adviser, explained, Charlemagne had been given two swords: one to keep the church internally clean from heresy, and the other to use against its pagan enemies—imagery derived from Luke 22:38 and not yet used, as it was from the mid-eleventh century, to describe the relationship between spiritual and secular power. 11 The king’s overridingly religious concerns were reflected in the large number of his capitularies devoted to spiritual and ecclesiastical matters. According to Alcuin, Charlemagne, like King David, combined the functions of royal leadership and priestly teaching (praedicatio) in order to guide his people, a community of belief, to salvation: 12 by means of correction (correctio) he aimed to spread and enforce the rule of uprightness (norma rectitudinis). 13 This usage of the Davidic theme became widespread in Carolingian literature from c. 794, 14 although it had been prefigured by Pope Stephen II’s calling Pippin a ‘new David’ in 757. 15 The Old Testament idea of kingship as an office of service was thereby transposed into a Christian dimension.
In the course of the ninth century ideas of theocratic monarchy became more and more differentiated. The ecclesiastical perception, already partially articulated by Gregory I and Isidore, whereby society was identified with the church, became consolidated and predominant in Carolingian political thought. Secular rulership was understood to operate within the ecclesia conceived in the wider sense. Louis the Pious accepted this view and in so doing reflected the increasingly determinant role of the clergy in the formulation of political ideas. The church Council of Paris of 829 was a milestone in confirming this approach. Its decrees contained a number of chapters concerning the role and position of kings, and including an overt quotation from Gelasius:
Principally therefore we know that the body of the whole holy church of God is divided into two distinguished persons, namely the priestly and the royal, as we accept has been passed on by the holy fathers. Concerning this matter Gelasius, the venerable bishop of the Roman see, writes thus to the emperor Anastasius, ‘There are indeed’, he says, ‘two august empresses by which this world is principally ruled: the consecrated authority of bishops and the royal power. Of these that of the priesthood is a greater burden, in so far as they must also render account before God for the very kings of men.’ 16
A crucial shift was involved here. For Gelasius the mundus had been the Roman world, but for the council it had become the ecclesia. Jonas of Orleans, who played a leading role in the council, incorporated this interpretation of Gelasius in his tract, De institutione regia (c. 830). 17 Within this ecclesia secular authority existed in parallel with that of the priesthood, in accordance with the fundamental division understood to have been instituted by Christ. In the course of the ninth century the clergy gained considerably in self-confidence and were able increasingly to assert their rights and privileges. As part of this development there was produced the canonical collection known as the Pseudo-Isidorean Decretals. This was West Frankish in origin and was quite possibly compiled in the circle of Ebo, the deposed archbishop of Rheims (816-41). It consisted of forged and genuine papal decretals and authentic canons of councils. The main aim of the collection was to justify the freedom of the clergy from lay control. In the first instance it reflected the pretensions of the Frankish episcopate, but it did also stress the theme of papal primacy. It was to have an enormous influence later in the Middle Ages, being used as a treasury of quotations by the reform papacy in the second half of the eleventh century and by Gratian in his handbook of canon law in the twelfth. 18 But did this growth in clerical claims mean that the relationship between spiritual and secular authority was ceasing to be one of parallel roles?
Within the context of the identification of society with the church Gelasius’ notion of the superiority of the clergy in spiritual matters could lead to their erosion of the power of secular rulers, since the ultimate end of a community of this kind was understood to be spiritual. In the ninth century the beginnings of such ideas in ecclesiastical circles can barely be perceived. The Frankish clergy interpreted their inherently superior spiritual role to mean that they had the function of teaching the norms of Christian society and thereby determining the purpose and ideal conduct of the king. The clerical take-over of the process of king-making indicated not any loss of actual power on the monarch’s part but an assertion that he exercised his authority within the context of the ecclesia, and in this had some similarity with a bishop. The episcopacy had no power to depose a ruler: thus in 833 it was the great men of the empire who had in effect deposed Louis the Pious by withdrawing their obedience, whereas the bishops confirmed their action by afterwards declaring formally the divine judgement that he had been shown to be unfit to govern, and by then degrading him from his rank as ruler and imposing a penance on him.
The papal interpretation of the relationship between spiritual and secular power within the ecclesia was also developed with increasing confidence in the ninth century. The clerical claims to superiority of role and thus independence of function were elaborated in a way which focused on the primatial position of the pope. Gregory IV, the pontiff at the time of the events of 833, argued that papal government was superior to that of the emperor in that it was concerned with souls, and that Christ had subjected emperors to the priestly authority of popes. 19 For Nicholas I (858-67) the Roman church was the head of all the churches and the pope was constituted princeps over the whole church. The priesthood was not therefore to be judged by the lay power, rather the reverse. 20
Both the Frankish clergy and the papacy believed that the role of the secular ruler within Christian society was in its purpose one of Christian ministry. The Council of Paris (829) and Jonas of Orleans declared that ‘The royal ministry is specifically to govern the people of God and to rule with equity and justice, and to strive that they may have peace and harmony.’ 21 Indeed, Smaragdus of St Mihiel, writing before 814, had already classically defined the role of the king: ‘Do [most gentle king] whatever you can for the part that you perform, for the royal ministry that you carry out, for the name of Christian that you have, for the place of Christ that you fill.’ 22 In the Carolingian period, as Cathwulf showed, bishops were conventionally described as vicars of Christ. Through applying this nomenclature to kings Smaragdus was likening the royal role to the episcopal. Similarly, Louis the Pious, in his Admonition to all the Orders of the Kingdom (823-5), stated that divine providence had instituted him as ruler ‘in order to care for His holy church and this realm (regnum)’: 23 bishops and counts were to help him by sharing in the exercise of his function, which was thus a ‘ministry divided into parts’ (ministerium per partes divisum). 24
In the ninth century there was, admittedly, considerable fluidity in describing the ruler as vicar of God or of Christ; but with the growth in claims to liberty of the church, it was increasingly perceived that to attribute to the king the vicariate of Christ, the last possessor of both royal and sacerdotal power, would imply an increasingly unacceptable control over the clergy. Thus Hincmar of Rheims in the second half of the century was for this reason scrupulous to refer to the monarch only as vicar of God in an attempt to distinguish more clearly between the ministries of secular rulers and of bishops 25 —needless to say, Cathwulf s suggestion that the vicar of God was superior to that of Christ was not followed up. According to Hincmar, Christ had instituted not one ministry divided into two parts but two parallel ones within the church as a whole, although the episcopal enjoyed the greater dignity. 26
The implications of understanding secular rulership as Christian ministry were profound, and in elaborating them the ninth-century writers were in essence developing the formulation of Gregory the Great. In a fundamental sense the king’s ministry was that of any Christian, but of one who was also the king: of him, therefore, more was expected. And who but the clergy were to tell this exalted Christian what conduct was required of him? Hence there were written the clerical advice-books, or Fürstenspiegel, of which those of Smaragdus and Jonas of Orleans were prime examples. But this advice did not mean clerical control of the monarch. The fundamental thesis of medieval kingship was however established and in theory accepted. Kingship was an office of service within the Christian corpus, and as such its purpose was defined in terms of that of the Christian community as a whole, and its exercise limited by the normative structure of Christian morality.
The perception of kingship as an office of this kind was consolidated in the eighth and ninth centuries by the introduction of anointing into the inauguration rituals of kings. Unction became the liturgical expression of the making of the theocratic monarch. This was an Anglo-Saxon as well as a Carolingian development. There was, however, apparently no link between Visigothic royal anointing and Carolingian, although there may have been in the case of Anglo-Saxon. 27 As regards the anointing of Carolingian kings specifically, a distinction should be drawn between the eighth-century examples and those of the ninth. In 754 the pope also anointed Pippin’s sons, Carloman and the future Charlemagne, and it is possible that they were reconsecrated by Frankish bishops in 768 and 771. Certainly, in 781 Pope Hadrian I crowned and anointed Charlemagne’s sons Pippin and Louis (the Pious) as sub-kings, and on Christmas Day, 800, Pope Leo III crowned and anointed Charlemagne’s son, Charles, as king. There appears, however, to have been no strongly entrenched Frankish tradition of royal anointing as such, because there were no non-papal unctions after at least 771, and also because it is most probable that no Frankish king was anointed during the first half of the ninth century. The examples of anointings in this period are the papal ones at the coronation of an emperor: in 816 that of Louis the Pious, and in 823 of Lothar. A significant shift occurred, however, when, in 848, Wenilo, the archbishop of Sens, crowned and anointed Charles the Bald as king of Aquitaine. From now on all West Frankish kings received episcopal coronation and unction, although the practice was only established in East Francia from 911.
Royal inauguration was thus incorporated in a church service, and was clothed in special liturgical forms, the coronation orders (ordines): the king at his very inception as monarch was dramatically shown to be such specifically within the church. These prayer-texts, although they must be understood primarily as liturgy, are sources for political ideas because they embody fundamental conceptions of rulership. This ceremonial creation of a king marked a significant stage in the institutionalisation of Christian ideas of kingship. There was a distinct process of development and crystallisation of ideas in the Carolingian ordines. The most important personal contribution was made by Hincmar of Rheims, who increasingly brought out the significance of anointing in his four ordines, and most notably in those for the coronation of Charles the Bald as king of Lotharingia in 869, and for that of Louis the Stammerer as king of West Francia in 877. His work formed the basis for the more elaborate West Frankish (‘Erdmann’) Ordo of the Sens tradition, and the ‘Seven forms’ Ordo of Rheims, both, probably, of the end of the ninth century. The last-named especially was particularly influential and was a prime source for the Ordo of ‘Mainz’ in the Pontificale Romano-Germanicum (c. 960), which was fundamental for the formation of coronation ordines for the rest of the Middle Ages. 28
Such was the development in the mainstream in continental Europe. In Anglo-Saxon England royal anointing had certainly been introduced by the eighth century. The first English ordo was, however, composed later. Percy Schramm considered that there was no fixed rite until the 960s. 29 Janet Nelson has, however, argued that the ‘Leofric’ Ordo was English in origin, and that it was the oldest one, antedating Hincmar’s first (for Judith, Charles the Bald’s daughter, on the occasion of her marriage to Aethelwulf in 856). Nelson considers that the ‘Leofric’ Ordo was in use for most, if not all, of the ninth century, and that the English rite was imported into West Francia in the tenth century. 30
The ultimate source for the idea of anointing kings seems obvious: the royal unctions in the Old Testament. Yet, as was most probably the case in Visigothic Spain, the direct liturgical source for the Carolingian coronation ordines appears to have been the episcopally performed ritual of post-baptismal unction, which treated the anointed priests, kings and prophets in the Old Testament as the models for all Christians. 31 Indeed, it is also most likely that Smaragdus’ much-discussed reference to the anointing of a king refers to such a post-baptismal unction rather than to an inauguration as ruler. 32 The immediate context for Carolingian royal anointing was the designation of the Franks as the people of God (populus dei), and thus their identification with that of Israel. As the Old Testament showed, anointing was the form of royal inauguration instituted by God for his people: it was as though, ideologically, there were no gap between the Franks and ancient Israel.
The specific contribution which the anointing rituals made to the development of the idea of theocratic kingship appeared clearly in Hincmar’s ordines. Anointing had become the constitutive element in the king-making process: it was the bishops who as mediators of divine grace made the king. There was thus a relative downgrading of other, traditional aspects of inauguration: the consent of the great men of the kingdom, enthronement and the feast. The episcopal anointing represented the third stage of the elaboration of the notion of kingship by the grace of God, the first being the Pauline view that all rulership was divinely sanctioned, and the second that the monarch derived his power directly from God. Anointing transformed kingship into another, higher dimension, because such unction was understood to be a sacrament. There was thereby involved a crucial change in the meaning attributed to the ‘grace’ by which the medieval king ruled. Whereas previously, gratia in this context meant ‘favour’, thus indicating the source of his power (the possibly sacramental nature of eighth-century unction remains obscure), now gratia also definitely signified ‘supernatural grace’ infused into the king through the mediation of the bishops in order to enable him to perform his specific ministry of rulership over clergy and laity within his kingdom understood as a church in the wider sense.
May the Lord, in his mercy and pity, crown you with the crown of glory, and may he anoint you to the rulership of your kingdom with the oil of the grace of his Holy Spirit, wherewith he anointed priests, kings, prophets and martyrs, who through faith defeated kingdoms, effected justice and gained his promises; and by the grace of God may you be made worthy of these same promises, so that you may merit enjoying their company in the heavenly kingdom. Amen… And with peace given in your time, may he lead you with the palm of victory to the everlasting kingdom. Amen. And may he, who wished to set you up as king over his people, make you happy in this present world and his companion in eternal bliss. Amen. May he make you happily and long govern, by his dispensation and your administration, the clergy and people, whom he wished, with His help, to subject to your dominion, in order that, obeying divine commands, avoiding all adversity, abounding in all good things and obeying your ministry with faith and love, they may both enjoy the tranquillity of peace in this present world and merit winning with you the company of the citizens of heaven. 33
A liturgical affinity with post-baptismal anointing would have suggested that royal unction was a sacrament. In addition another possible source was the opinion enunciated both by Gregory the Great and Isidore of Seville that the Old Testament anointings of kings were themselves sacraments. 34 In any case the notion that royal coronation unction was a sacrament proved peculiarly long-lasting: it can be found in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries even when the bulk of theologians no longer held this view, and such anointing was reduced generally to the level of a sacramental—that is, a sign instituted not by Christ, but by the church, in order, through its intercession, to aid the receipt of grace.
In one sense the king was like any other Christian, since all were ‘anointed ones’ through baptism, and to this extent he stood on an equal footing with his subjects, sharing their common religious and moral responsibilities. Through the additional, royal unction, however, the king was given the grace to perform a specific ministry within the church: as God’s servant (famulus dei) to lead his people, ultimately, to salvation, a role in which Christian responsibilities were focused and intensified. As a result, in his function as king he had been made, through anointing, more than simply a layman: his status as an ecclesiastical person (persona ecclesiastica) was enhanced. He was seen as the image or type of Christ (typus Christi); indeed, his co-regent in heaven. 35 The position of the king, therefore, combined aspects of both hierarchical superiority and equality, in relation to his fellow Christians whom he had been set above by God to rule as subjects of his dominion.
This dual character was reinforced by the complete liturgy surrounding king-making. The anointing and coronation preceded a Mass and therefore took place within the context of the creation of sacred community. The royal inauguration itself symbolically made real the unity of the kingdom through the participation of the king, the clergy and the nobility (whose acceptance of the proceedings came to be institutionalised later in a formal recognition (recognitio)). The Mass celebrated and confirmed the king’s ministry within the community of the faithful: indeed, the Mass involved the first symbolic exercise of his vocation of service. The coronation Mass was a living symbol of a community of people equal as Christian souls, but ruled by a hierarchical structure of government.
In the developed Hincmarian rite of royal inauguration, coronation (as in 869 and 877) was not constitutive, but being secondary followed anointing, and was itself succeeded by the episcopal grant of the sceptre. Byzantine practice, introduced to Francia by the papacy, was the most likely source of such coronation. Initially the Franks did not consider it to be an episcopal monopoly: in 813 Charlemagne crowned Louis as co-emperor in an entirely secular ceremony, and in 838 Louis in turn crowned his son Charles (the Bald) as a sub-king. All this changed with Charles’s inauguration by Archbishop Wenilo in 848. Indeed, Hincmar’s ordo of 869 used coronation as a metaphor for anointing. In England royal coronation by bishops appeared by the early tenth century.
The episcopal domination of royal inauguration in West Francia appeared even more comprehensively in the ‘Seven forms’ Ordo which also included the archbishop’s giving the king his sword (apparently an innovation shared with the West Frankish (‘Erdmann’) Ordo). Likewise, enthronement, probably the core of earlier secular king-makings, was placed in the hands of the bishops, and accompanied by the prayer Sta et retine enunciated by the archbishop, and which reminded the king, ‘How the mediator between God and man [i.e. Christ] confirms you on this throne of the kingdom as mediator between clergy and people, and makes you reign with him in the eternal kingdom.’ 36 Enthronement effectively symbolised the superior status of the theocratic king created on Christ’s behalf by his representatives, the bishops—a process which had been developing, again, since 848.
The bishops had, therefore, come to control the ceremony of king-making and the formulation of the ideas associated with it: to this extent the ecclesiastical dominance of political ideas was institutionalised. The episcopacy represented itself as the mediator of power from God to the king. At the time of inauguration the ruler, on the face of it, accepted ecclesiastical notions of the nature, purpose and limitations of his kingship in so far as he agreed to undergo the whole procedure. How much he acquiesced during the exercise of his rulership was another matter. Certainly, the expression of ideas concerning the role of the king in a Christian society lay predominantly, but by no means entirely, in the hands of the clergy. There remained, however, the perennial problem of the Middle Ages: the ruler was limited in power in theory, but could he be controlled in practice?
In order to attempt to cope with this difficulty, Hincmar introduced a royal commitment into the process of king-making. The monarch-to-be bound himself by a solemn promise given to the bishops in word and writing before his consecration, which was therefore conditional on his undertakings being satisfactory. The first such promise preceded Charles the Bald’s consecration in 869. Charles’s responsio to the address of Bishop Adventius of Metz had the force of a commitment to uphold the honour and dignity of the church and the lay magnates, and ‘to preserve the law and justice for each within his own order according to the laws both ecclesiastical and mundane relating to him’. 37 The procedure was more formalised in the case of Louis the Stammerer in 877. A week before his inauguration Louis made a professio to the lay magnates and the bishops that he would follow the ‘rules’ (regulae) of the church and continued, ‘I also promise that I shall observe the laws and statutes for the people which by the mercy of God is committed to me to rule.’ 38 At the inauguration itself, in response to a request by the bishops (petitio episcoporum), Louis made a formal promise (promissio) to uphold canonical privileges and laws.
The model for the royal profession was that made by bishops-elect prior to their consecrations, to demonstrate their orthodoxy and obedience. As Janet Nelson has shown, Hincmar’s achievement was to perceive the relevance of the bishops’ case to that of the king, the common link being that both were episcopally consecrated. 39 (Episcopal ordination anointing was, however, in no sense a model for the royal: it was only introduced into West Francia in the ninth century and in Rome in the tenth.) By undergoing consecration the king, like a bishop, became answerable to his consecrators and subject to canonical rules. The royal commitment was not a coronation oath as such, but rather the promise of an office-holder to obey the laws. The king was like a bishop in that he was consecrated to wield authority within the ecclesia: indeed, as the ‘Seven forms’ Ordo was to say, he participated in the bishops’ ministry in exterior matters. 40
But the fundamental question remained. Could the king, because of his promises and acceptance of consecration, be controlled ultimately by the bishops? Could they, if they thought it necessary, depose him, as they could a fellow-bishop for breaking his professio? There is some evidence that Charles the Bald thought that they were the only ones who could, because they had performed his anointing, ‘from which consecration…I should have been expelled by no one, at least without hearing and judgement by the bishops, by whose ministry I was consecrated king’. 41 Hincmar, however, never went so far as to claim the right to depose a king: any deposition would be in God’s eyes alone. Yet whatever the practical restrictions on the bishops’ powers, the ninth-century development of ecclesiastically controlled rituals of royal inauguration reinforced the general understanding that there was no such thing as an autonomous secular world. Through the extension of episcopal claims to jurisdiction over the king, the distinction between the spheres of operation of the spiritual and lay orders within the church was beginning to be eroded. This jurisdiction remained, however, at the level of spiritual and moral persuasion and instruction, rather than of the political power to dispose of a king deemed by the clergy to be unsuitable for Christian purposes and thus useless.
The theocratic character of Carolingian kingship can be overstressed at the expense of its other side, that of fidelity (fidelitas) and consent. The personal bond of sworn faith (fides) between ruler and ruled held kingdoms together and contributed to consolidating them. In 786, 792 and 802 Charlemagne had demanded such an oath from all free men in his dominions; but, above all, the fidelity of the magnates, both ecclesiastical and lay, was vital for the monarchy, which depended on their co-operation for its survival. The consent of these aristocratic faithful men (consensus fidelium) was exploited as a principle of government by the Carolingians. 42
This idea of fidelity had its roots in the society of the noble followers of the king. The signorial interpretation of Frankish history, stressing an ‘aristocracy with monarchical peaks’ (Aristokratie mit monarchischen Spitzen), has been strongly in vogue amongst German scholars especially since the Second World War, and has replaced the myth of a Germanic free people electing its kings. Thus a historical link would be discerned between the Germanic band of the king’s war-companions (comitatus), mentioned in Tacitus’ Germania, and the Carolingian fideles. Yet precisely the same impediment of the lack of secure evidence, which helped to undermine the older model of the free people, has caused doubt to be cast on the very idea of ‘original Germanic fidelity’ (urgermanische Treue) as being itself mythic. 43 Certainly there are grave problems involved in trying to connect the comitatus with Carolingian fideles, not least because of ecclesiastical influence on the development of the idea of fidelitas in the intervening period. Because of the paucity of reliable evidence it is difficult to see how these matters can be satisfactorily resolved: care should be taken not to construct hard-and-fast models on shaky foundations. Whatever the truth of the matter, the question of the ultimate source of fidelitas is irrelevant to Carolingian conditions. The most that can be said is that the long-established duty of the magnates as fideles to give counsel (consilium) to their king provided the context within which the idea of the consensus fidelium developed, and that the consent given by Merovingian bishops to royal legislation, and required of them at ecclesiastical synods, served partly as a model for laymen.
Whether we may discern a feudal form of fidelity emerging at this time raises one of the thorniest controversies among historians. Rigorists would maintain that the term ‘feudal’ may only be applied when studying a period in which the word feudum (fief) was current to denote a service benefice, in land (or later in money), held by a vassal from his lord through a contract of personal dependence: that is from the late eleventh century. This view seems to go too far: in that landed benefices were systematically provided by the Carolingians for their vassals in order to enable these men to perform mainly military services for them as their lords in return for protection, it appears reasonable to understand these as feudal relationships. This is an example of a fundamental problem of historical interpretation: whether an idea or phenomenon of one period may be described by a term which accurately corresponds with its content, but which only becomes current later on. A properly historical approach would take account both of continuity in this respect and nuances of difference. The term ‘feudal’ has certainly been amongst the adjectives most abused by historians to describe the past, with its use ranging from solely the legal rights and duties relating to fiefs to highly generalised aspects of medieval society, including the position of the subject peasantry. Indeed, the more abstract term ‘feudalism’ has become no less than a pariah word amongst very many medievalists both because of its vagueness, and because it suggests a system where none existed, there being such local variations in forms of tenure. 44 Yet some scholars would hold that such a general model has a justifiable role in historical explanation. 45 Certainly, a systematic approach to feudal law only appeared later in the Middle Ages, notably in the juristic glosses, and, subsequently, commentaries, on the Lombard Libri feudorum, beginning with the gloss of Pilius in, or shortly before, 1207.
Feudal ideas were significant for political thought because of the contract of mutual consent between lord and vassal, and the resulting normative limitations on ruler and ruled, including the vassal’s right of resistance if his feudal rights were infringed. This is, however, to anticipate, because the Carolingian period witnessed only the beginnings of feudal relationships. The concept of fidelity as such was what was important at this time. The monarchy extended vassalage to tie men to it and thereby raised the status of this condition. Yet whereas all magnates were fideles of the king, Carolingian sources appear to contain little reference to magnates as royal vassals. 46 Fidelity involved a large general obligation; vassalage added a specific extra one. 47
Focus on fidelity reveals the dual relationship between the king and his magnates, spiritual and lay: the signorial aspect of his rule linked him to them as his faithful men, whereas the theocratic stressed the distance he stood above them. Yet the essence of Carolingian rulership in practice was that it was a partnership between the king and his magnates who shared in his ministry as agents exercising royal office. This partnership was reflected in the themes of fidelity and consent which emerged more and more strongly in the Carolingian period, initially as a means of consolidating the authority of the parvenu dynasty, and by the mid-ninth century arguably providing a partially contractual basis for royal power in West Francia under the pressure of the conflicts between the sons of Louis the Pious. Oaths of fidelity were crucial because no monarch relied solely on his theocratic claims for his legitimacy; and if such bonds were broken his position was gravely threatened. But consensus is a protean word. And what did it mean for the Carolingian fideles? If compulsorily demanded by a theocratic ruler it could amount to obedience. It could also mean formal assent; collective or universal consent without the possibility of individual dissent; or truly voluntary consent. Any answer can only be approached by considering the key areas of king-making, contractual monarchy and law-creation.
As regards the origin of royal power, in ninth-century West Francia lay magnates exercised an important role in choosing and deposing kings (as in 833)—a sign of the governmental partnership between the Carolingian ruler and his great men. Yet in the actual process of making the chosen candidate king, this lay participation was only reflected in an attenuated form beside the increasingly stressed theocratic interpretation: in these ceremonies the lay magnates expressed no constitutive consent but merely signified through assent by acclamation that they accepted the bishops’ actions. Indeed, in the meetings leading up to Louis the Stammerer’s coronation in 877 the magnates’ swearing of fidelity took the place of any formal election on their part. Thus Louis’ intitulation in his Professio, ‘I Louis by the mercy of the Lord our God and the election of the people constituted king’, 48 should be understood in this context. There was no contradiction involved in referring to God and the people (in the form of the magnates) as the sources of royal authority. In this respect divine grace and ‘popular’ consent existed in parallel, in that the magnates accepted the king whose power came from God. Equally well, God could be seen to be acting through them. 49 The
Carolingian acclamations were the origin of the later formal Recognition by the nobility at coronation services.
Although there was a clear distinction between the roles of the lay and ecclesiastical members of the magnate class in the ceremony of creating a king, they had in common the swearing of oaths of fidelity to him. The bishops were therefore themselves in a dual position. Because of their spiritual authority they were able formally to create the monarch, yet once he was instituted they were subordinate in temporal matters and were counted amongst his fideles. Indeed, it could well be that the theocratic elements, dominant at the time of the inauguration itself, might have less importance than the bond of fidelity as a basis for the exercise of royal power during the reign as a whole.
Such an interpretation is supported by the emergence of contractual aspects of kingship in West Francia in the 840s. Through the pact (pactum) of Coulaines in 843 Charles the Bald swore to uphold the honour of both his clerical and lay fideles, and the respective laws under which they lived, whereas they swore to sustain the honour of the king. 50 Thereby, reciprocity, co-operation and partnership within a form of community of the realm were established as aspects of what amounted to a fundamental law for the kingdom. Indeed, royal authority appeared conditional in so far as there was an implicit suggestion that king or magnates were released from the pact if either side broke its undertaking. Furthermore, in his oath taken at Quierzy in 858 Charles promised ‘like a faithful king’ (sicut fidelis rex) to honour and protect the persons and legal position of his fideles. 51 This contractual element was reflected at his coronation of 869, when his promise in his responsio repeated his words at Coulaines almost verbatim. 52 Fidelity, which in its pre-Carolingian origins seems to have imposed a unilateral obligation on the Frankish fidelis, had become a bilateral bond involving rights and duties for both ruler and ruled.
This contractual development was reflected in the process of law-making. Under Charles the Bald, capitularies, issued with the authority of the royal bannum, were promulgated with the freely given consent of his fideles—hence the statement in the Edict of Pîtres (864): ‘law is made by the consent of the people and the constitution of the king’. 53 F.L. Ganshof held that a fundamental change in procedure was involved, in that the consent formulae contained in capitularies under Charlemagne and Louis the Pious reflected assent which could not be refused by the fideles, and which was thus in reality an unavoidable declaration of obedience. 54 Ganshof’s views have been contested, in that some later scholars have attributed a more genuine role to magnate consent in the capitularies of Charlemagne and Louis the Pious. 55 This opinion would therefore see the reign of Charles the Bald more as consolidating a previous trend. Yet, even so, the consent given, being that of a group of fideles, would tend to be not individual but universal, partly in imitation of the procedure in ecclesiastical synods.
What, then, was the overall significance of the role played by the consensus fidelium? Certainly, the character of Carolingian monarchy was thereby considerably complicated, in that the signorial aspect of kingship came into clearer relief beside the theocratic. Because the central idea of theocratic monarchy was the divine origin of royal power, the king’s relationship with those he ruled was based on fides in the sense of religious faith. As signorial monarch, however, the self-same king had with his fideles a relationship of fides in the sense of mutual fidelity, a bond useful to both parties. Such fidelity was not the source of his royal title, but it might consolidate his actual power. The theocratic-signorial model of kingship, clearly apparent in ninth-century West Francia, was to become the distinctive form of monarchical secular government in western and central Europe in the Middle Ages.
These theocratic and signorial aspects of kingship raise the further question of the extent to which Carolingian rulership and society exhibited impersonal and public characteristics, in addition to purely personal and private ones. Modern German scholars in particular have devoted considerable attention to this problem. They have used the term ‘transpersonal’ (transpersonal) to denote a range of meanings beyond the merely personal and individual, and stretching to the extreme of abstract state concepts. Notions according the kingdom an existence distinct from that of its king, organological ideas of society organised into a corporate body, and views of rulership as public office, would all be considered transpersonal. This word is now standard in German studies of the whole period of medieval political ideas, but has only been employed sporadically in English treatments. It is a useful term, however, since ‘impersonal’ only covers part of the meanings it denotes. For the moment the main focus will be on transpersonal ideas of kingship; those relating to Carolingian emperorship will be treated as part of the next section dealing with notions of empire.
The ninth-century elaboration of the idea of kingship as Christian ministry emphasised the distinction between the person of the individual king and his impersonal office. The normative standards, applying to such rulership, appeared objective, and, in theory at least, meant that the king should not govern in a subjective and thus arbitrary manner. The concept of a royal office, whose purpose was to serve the common good, involved the notion that the regnum or populus had a separate existence from that of its monarch. The Carolingian emphasis on the king’s tutorial role of caring for those committed by divinity to his rule, only served to emphasise that the people of the realm had God-given rights which were to be protected. 56 This people was composed of free men who were Christians, a view which combined the Roman idea that members of the respublica were free and not slaves, and the Christian doctrine of the liberty of the sons of God. In addition to specifically Christian obligations, royal coronation promises respected the existing legal rights of those the king ruled. The signorial aspect of kingship was also not purely personal because of the way in which royal fideles held offices of the king and thus shared in his God-given ministry.
There is considerable further evidence supporting the view that in the Carolingian period there existed transpersonal ideas of the regnum. Charlemagne, for instance, from the beginning of his rule used the intitulatio, ‘Charles by the grace of God king and ruler of the kingdom of the Franks, and defender and helper of the church’. 57 In that he did not designate himself simply ‘ruler of the Franks’, there was some idea of the kingdom as an entity in its own right. Similarly, to take a later example, the aim of the meeting at Coulaines was to consider ‘the stability and good of the king and the kingdom…and what would be to his [i.e. the king’s] and the whole people’s common profit’. 58 Of greatest significance, however, are the implications of the use of respublica in the ninth century after Charlemagne’s imperial coronation, and notably from the reign of Louis the Pious onwards. The concept of the respublica was one of the most distinctive bequests of Rome to medieval political ideas. In antiquity it signified the state as such; was an eternal entity distinct from the ruler or government; and existed within an essentially public dimension. In itself the term respublica connoted no specific form of government: following the historical changes in the Roman world it signified the state under the Republic and the Empire. It was central to the idea of the respublica that it existed within a structure of law. Nithard, Paschasius Radbert, Sedulius Scottus and Hincmar of Rheims in particular used respublica in transpersonal senses owing a great deal to this Roman inheritance. They thereby distinguished between the king and the kingdom, the emperor and the empire. For them, regnum and imperium existed as entities which were public in nature and founded in law. 59
It must, however, be said that some historians deny that such transpersonal ideas existed in the Carolingian period and stress the personal nature of authority and the bonds of society. 60 It is true that fideles who held office were in part performing a personal service to the monarch, but only in part. One meaning of respublica was the more down-to-earth one of fiscal possessions, yet even so there was a transpersonal element involved. More seriously, the principle of the personality of law persisted as the pact of Coulaines revealed. Against this should be weighed legislation of general effect, and the growing notion of territorial regna. As we shall see, the vicissitudes of the idea of empire in the ninth century reflected the interplay of patrimonial and transpersonal conceptions. In a sense, too, the royal household always was the basis for the Carolingian structure of government. Genuine problems of historical interpretation are at issue. Clearly, transpersonal ideas were at a very early stage of development, yet present they were.
The most serious difficulty, however, concerns organological conceptions. According to Carolingian theocratic ideas, the church in the wider sense was the corpus within which secular and spiritual rulership operated. There was no such thing as a state in the analogous sense of a politically organised body or community with an autonomous existence. In consequence it is possible to see ideas concerning society and its government as focusing on the person of the ruler, and thus lacking a transpersonal dimension. 61 Yet this interpretation goes too far, because within the overarching context of the church in the wider sense, both the regnum or imperium, and the church in its narrower and purely ecclesiastical signification, exhibited transpersonal aspects, which is why the Vita Walae (Life of Abbot Wala of Corbie), written, perhaps, by Paschasius Radbert, characterised both of them as respublicae within the ecclesia as a whole. 62
The re-establishment of a form of Roman emperorship in the west was a decisive moment in the development of medieval political ideas, and marked the entrance of a large theme which attracted varied interpretations over time. Indeed, within the Carolingian period itself notions of empire were very diverse. The whole complex of ideas of emperor and empire fluctuated widely in importance, with different writers, and in different times and places in the Middle Ages, yet remained one of the determining characteristics of specifically medieval political thought. These western imperial ideas were of marked longevity: they exerted an influence even into modern history, and thus far outlasted those of Byzantium from which they derived so much but from which they were so different. Charlemagne was created Emperor of the Romans (imperator Romanorum) by two actions. As he was rising from prayer at the Christmas Mass Pope Leo III placed a crown upon his head, whereupon the assembled Roman people acclaimed Charles as emperor. The pope then most likely prostrated himself before the new emperor in a formal ‘adoration’ (adoratio). The significance of this sequence of events can only be understood against the background of the Byzantine process of making an emperor, which was its model. At Constantinople the formal popular acclamation was the more important component, and was followed by coronation by the patriarch. Clearly, the ceremony of 800 contained certain crucial innovations. The involvement of the pope was novel, as was the placing of the coronation first, thus emphasising the prominence of his role. The geographical Romans were also substituted for the Byzantines. The excuse for these actions was that, because a woman, the Empress Irene, ruled at Constantinople, the imperial throne was in effect vacant.
This event was open to more than one interpretation at the time. 63 According to the papal view, as expressed in the account of the ceremony in the Liber pontificalis (The Book of the Pontiffs), the whole process constituted Charlemagne Emperor of the Romans. The pope, in crowning Charlemagne, was given a pre-eminent role and presented as acting for God: indeed the Roman people’s reported acclamation was ‘to Charles, most pious Augustus crowned by God, great and pacific emperor, life and victory’. Yet this source did not treat the pope’s action as being constitutive, but rather the popular acclamation: ‘and he was constituted emperor of the Romans by all’. Nor was there any mention of papal anointing. 64 The Byzantine model explains much of this: the declaratory nature of patriarchal coronation, the lack of unction, and the function of popular acclamation to institute the emperor by declaring and effecting God’s choice. Yet at Constantinople the role of the acclamation was by this stage very theoretical indeed. What is striking about the account in the Liber pontificalis is its stress on the constitutive nature of the ceremony. The reason why the pope wished Charlemagne to be made emperor was to consolidate his existing role as defender of the Roman church and the papacy, as was also made clear in the Annales regni francorum (Annals of the Kingdom of the Franks), written c. 801: ‘and with the name of patrician removed he was called emperor and augustus’. 65 The patriciate of the Romans was supplanted by the emperorship which inherited its function. The overall context of the papal action was the developing process whereby in the eighth century the papacy increasingly exerted its independence and emancipation from Byzantium.
Charlemagne himself did not accept the papal interpretation. Indeed, he tried to downgrade the significance of the ceremony—as did the Annales which presented it as a normal Christmas crown-wearing, during which the pope intervened to replace the crown on Charles’s head and the people inserted the title of emperor in the conventional Frankish praises (laudes). 66 Charlemagne never called himself imperator Romanorum: from 29 May 801 he employed as his official title, ‘Charles most serene augustus, crowned by God, great, pacific emperor governing the Roman empire, and who [is] also by God’s mercy king of the Franks and the Lombards’. 67 This apparently cumbersome wording reflected his real intentions.
His biographer, Einhard, writing about thirty years after the event, said that Charles would often maintain that he would never have entered St Peter’s basilica if he had known what was about to happen. 68 This statement could be somewhat misleading, because Charles definitely knew that he was going to be made emperor: on 23 November he had been received outside Rome with imperial honours, and at a meeting inSt Peter’s on 23 December it had been publicly decided to make him emperor.
Charlemagne apparently expected to be acclaimed simply as ‘emperor’; he objected to the words ‘emperor of the Romans’, and to the way in which the pope claimed a pre-eminent role through crowning him before the acclamation. He wanted in effect to be a Roman emperor rather than the Roman emperor; that is, to be emperor in the west without supplanting the Byzantine emperor in the east—hence the wording on his seal after the coronation: Renovatio romani imperii (Renewal of the Roman Empire). He desired recognition of the position which he in fact held: that he ruled so much of what had once been the western Roman empire together with additional lands in Germany. Indeed, he had already begun to adopt the external trappings of emperorship based on the Byzantine model available to him, and to treat his capital, Aachen, as a form of New Rome.
Charlemagne’s idea of empire had a Frankish centre: the Franks were the imperial people. In including the geographical Romans within his dominion he did not wish to supplant the Franks, or indeed the Lombards, in any way. Adoption of the title, ‘emperor of the Romans’, would have been interpreted as favouring the Romans over them. He therefore employed the formula, ‘governing the Roman empire’, which had long been current in Italy, and was indeed to be found in three sixth-century Ravenna papyri containing oaths for the health of the emperor; he also stressed his royal titles. 69 Indeed, the fact that he ruled so many kingdoms gave him a further, hegemonial claim to emperorship. Carl Erdmann held that in Roman emperorship itself there had been such a hegemonial element which, in the early Middle Ages, had been transposed into barbarian kingdoms and become ‘Rome-free’. 70 This interpretation has been criticised by Werner Suerbaum on the grounds that it is incorrect to maintain that in late antiquity the term imperium was only properly applied to the Roman empire as being composed of several regna, whereas it was also in fact applied to monarchies and indeed some cities. 71 Indeed, as we have seen, the empire itself was also called a regnum. 72 As far as the Franks were concerned, however, it seems dubious to insist on a clear-cut ‘Rome-free’ component in their idea of empire, because of the aping of Roman imperial characteristics so evident at Charlemagne’s court: the hegemonial and Roman aspects of Carolingian emperorship were complementary.
The Christian character of Charlemagne’s empire was also paramount: Alcuin, for instance, had already consistently referred to his rule over a ‘Christian empire’ (imperium christianum). 73 That empire was in communion with the Roman church. Indeed, in the Libri carolini (written in 791-2) Charlemagne, in rejecting what he understood to be the theological errors of the Greek Council of Nicaea of 787, had denied the universalist claims of the Byzantine emperor and stressed the close links between the Franks and the Church of Rome, the guarantor of orthodoxy. 74 In this religious sense, therefore, his empire was Roman. Yet, although after his coronation he was happy to be called a ‘new Constantine’ (novus Constantinus), he had no wish to compete with the Byzantine emperor in the east: he desired no more than equality or parity with him. In contrast, the papally inspired title imperator romanorum definitely was a denial of the validity of Byzantine emperorship. The title itself was a neologism, at least as regards official documents: the correct Latin phrase would have been imperator romanus (the genitive plural was properly reserved for the names of peoples other than the Romans constituting the respublica). At Constantinople the emperor was simply referred to as the Basileus: indeed, since Heraclius I (610-41) he had not been called Basileus ton Rhomaion (emperor of the Romans). 75 Charlemagne and the Byzantines came to pursue a policy of compromise over the imperial title. In 812 the Byzantine emperor Michael Rhangabe sent to Charlemagne an embassy which saluted him at Aachen as Basileus and imperator, thus recognising his hegemonial claims to emperorship. From this time on, however, the Byzantine emperors began to style themselves Basileus ton Rhomaion, in order to make clear that they were the only true Roman emperors. In 813 Charlemagne replied to Michael in a friendly way stressing the independence and equality of the two empires, oriental and occidental: he began, ‘Charles by divine grace emperor and augustus, and at the same time king of the Franks and Lombards, to his beloved and honourable brother Michael glorious emperor and augustus’. 76
At heart Charlemagne believed that he had won his empire for himself with divine approval, and felt in no way dependent on the Roman people or the pope for the source of his power. He, therefore, considered that he could dispose of his empire as he saw fit. In 806 he had drawn up a formal division of the empire according to which his son Charles would succeed to an undivided Francia, and his younger sons Pippin and Louis to the acquired kingdoms of Italy and Aquitaine. Although this scheme retained the unity of the Frankish core of the empire, 77 it was evidence of a patrimonial attitude which envisaged the dismemberment of the empire as a whole, even though Charles was probably intended to be the heir to the imperial title itself. In the event the empire only remained a unity because Louis was the sole son to survive. Finally, in 813 at Aachen Charlemagne, in imitation of the Byzantine practice, crowned Louis himself co-emperor.
The reign of Louis the Pious marked the high point in the development of Carolingian ideas of empire. Louis himself stressed the Frankish and Christian aspects at the expense of the Roman. He consistently used the title of, simply, imperator augustus, and his seal bore the inscription, ‘Renovatio regni Francorum’ (Renewal of the kingdom of the Franks). In his Ordinatio imperii (Ordering of the empire) of 817 he made provisions which both had immediate effect and applied after his death, and which went beyond Charlemagne’s patrimonial approach in 806. He decreed that his eldest son, Lothar, was immediately to receive the imperial title together with the inheritance of Francia and the kingdom of Italy (in the event of Louis’ death), whereas his son Pippin was to receive right away the kingdom of Aquitaine as was his remaining son Louis the German that of Bavaria. The younger sons were to be subordinate to their elder brother. He then proceeded to crown Lothar co-emperor. This arrangement combined both a unitary and a hegemonial approach. The overall unity of the empire was preserved by the subordination of the lesser kings to Lothar, who was also to rule a united Francia. In that the empire was identified with the church it shared the characteristic of being a transpersonal entity rising above subdivision: The unity of the empire which God has entrusted to us should not be rent by any human division…lest haply this should give rise to a scandalous state of affairs in holy church.’ 78 This sense of unity was not, however, to survive the reign of Louis the Pious, as the Treaty of Verdun and the partition of Meersen showed.
The papacy, for its part, pertinaciously developed its claim to create the emperor. When, in 816, Pope Stephen IV journeyed to Rheims, he crowned and anointed Louis the Pious emperor in a thoroughly ecclesiastical ceremony; the role of the Roman people to constitute by acclamation was thereby ignored. Louis may well have been in part manipulating the pope on this occasion, and certainly did not consider papal coronation to be necessary, as his subsequent coronation of Lothar revealed. Yet the papacy persisted: in 823 Pope Pachal I invited Lothar to be crowned and anointed in St Peter’s. A shift, however, occurred by 850, when Lothar, who had not previously made his son Louis II emperor, petitioned the pope to do so. Already in 844 Pope Sergius II had crowned and anointed Louis as king of the Lombards. Pope Leo IV duly crowned and anointed the young king imperator augustus at Easter, 850, in St Peter’s. The emperorship became steadily more Roman in complexion, as, after Lothar’s death in 855, it was associated directly with Louis’ rule in Italy and (in theory) his defence of the papacy. In his letter of 871 to the Byzantine Emperor Basil, Louis called himself ‘Emperor and Augustus of the Romans’, deriving his right to this title specifically from his consecration by the pope. ‘Through our orthodox and sound thinking we [Franks] have received the government of the Roman Empire, and the Greeks, through their unorthodoxy and unsoundness, have ceased to be Emperors of the Romans.’ 79
Yet the true watershed was reached with Pope John VIII’s coronation and unction of Charles the Bald in 875. For the first time the pope took the initiative as the sole, constitutive creator of the emperor: in the case of Charlemagne the Roman people, in papal eyes, had exercised a constitutive role, and all subsequent papally created emperors had been co-emperors. John made it clear that he had elected Charles as an officer called by God to act ‘for the honour and exaltation of the holy Roman church and the security of the Christian people’; 80 and the new emperor took an oath to defend that church. The emperorship was, even so, more important for the papacy than for Charles. Although he pursued his claim to Louis II’s inheritance in Italy, the real centre of his interests remained in Francia. Indeed his idea of empire retained hegemonial aspects: when in 869 he won control of part of Lotharingia he styled himself imperator et augustus on the grounds that he ruled two kingdoms; 81 and his seal after his imperial coronation bore the inscription ‘Renovatio imperil Romanorum et Francorum’ (Renewal of the empire of the Romans and the Franks). The papacy, on the other hand, had the most direct interest in who ruled south of the Alps, and made sure that the Roman emperorship remained linked to the protection of Italy and the church of Rome. Arab attacks in south Italy made the need for effective imperial aid all the more pressing. The medieval papacy was to stay obsessed with the empire mainly because of the security demands entailed by possession of the papal lands.
The status of the papal patrimony was a central concern of what is for modern historians one of the most important, and certainly the most enigmatic, documents, concerning the rights of the papacy as regards the empire, to be produced in the Carolingian period: the Donation of Constantine. This was a forgery which purported to be a constitution of Constantine (Constitutum Constantini) in favour of Pope Silvester I and his successors. It has attracted a vast amount of scholarly attention; but there is no agreement as to when, where or by whom it was produced. The suggested time-scale for its production has ranged from c. 750 to c. 850; and the places put forward have varied from Rome (notably the Lateran church and the papal chancery), France (Rheims and the abbey of St Denis), the library of the margrave of Friulì and the workshop of Pseudo-Isidore. 82 It is most likely, however, that it was produced, possibly in stages, before 806, the date of the St Denis manuscript, which is now accepted as the oldest. The Donation was based on the Legenda sancti Silvestri (Legend of St Silvester), composed between 480 and 490. According to the Donation, Constantine, in return for baptism and cure from leprosy by Pope Silvester, gave the Lateran palace and his imperial crown to him and his successors, together with the right to wear the other imperial insignia and garments. Constantine also expressly handed over the government of Rome, all of Italy and the regions of the west, as well as divers islands, as papal property. The Donation stated that Silvester refused the crown itself, and that Constantine had decided to transfer the seat of his imperial authority to the east, with its capital to be a city constructed at Byzantium, ‘because, where the government of priests and the head of the Christian religion have been set up by the heavenly emperor, it is not right that there the earthly emperor should have power’. 83 Despite their vagueness, the terms of the Donation both confirmed papal claims to the patrimony and accorded the papacy imperial power in the west. The primacy of the pope was also affirmed: he was ‘higher than and first of all the priests in the whole world’. 84
There is, however, no hard evidence that the papacy directly used the words of the Donation in the eighth and ninth centuries. It has been argued that the phraseology of letters of Popes Stephen II, Paul I (757-67) and Hadrian I (772-95) presupposed the existence of the Donation, but this is no more, indeed, than supposition; and, although there appear reflections of the document in letters of John VIII, no verbatim use was involved. 85 The reality for the papacy was that the Carolingian rulers confirmed its claims to lands in Italy: witness Pippin’s ‘restoration’ of papal territories in 754, and Charlemagne’s ‘donation’ of the same and extra ones in 774. In 817 Louis the Pious in the Pactum Ludo?icianum defined the papal lands and promised to defend them. In 824 Lothar, on Louis’ behalf, issued the Constitutio romana which, in return for guaranteeing free and canonical papal elections, required that the pope should notify the fact of his election to the emperor who would then send legates to his consecration as bishop. An oath of loyalty to the emperors was also imposed on the pontiff. The Donation of Constantine was, however, to derive its historical significance primarily from its inclusion in Pseudo-Isidore, through which it entered the mainstream of the development of canon law. Explicit papal exploitation of the document came after the Carolingian period. The most likely explanation is that it was originally composed to support papal pretensions to the patrimony against Byzantine counter-claims.
Although the original development of medieval ideas of Roman emperorship took place in the Carolingian period, and the rule of Charlemagne in particular was frequently referred back to in later centuries, the Carolingian era, because of political fragmentation at its end, was in effect a false dawn. The reigns of the Saxon and early Salian rulers of Germany formed the real starting-point for the continuous development of notions of Roman empire. The ideas produced then, relating to both ancient and Christian Rome, laid the basis for opening up a central and defining problem for the rest of medieval political thought: the relationship between temporal and spiritual power, and in particular that between the papacy and the empire. It was the prominence of this question which above all was to single out the political thought of the Middle Ages as being different from that of subsequent periods.
The lasting legacy of the Carolingian era was the acceptance of the principle that it was the pope who created the emperor. Otto I, desiring the title of emperor in recognition of his status and conquests, including that of the kingdom of Italy, initially petitioned Pope Agapetus II for the imperial crown in 951, only to be refused. His eventual coronation in 962 made him the protector of the Roman church and thereby singled him out from other rulers. There was, however, a difference between the pope’s understanding of what was meant by such protection and the emperor’s. John XII envisaged that Otto would act as the strong arm of the papacy to defend it in accordance with the fundamental papal conception of the function of the Roman emperorship, and of the patriciate of the Romans before it. Otto understood such protection as implying that the pope was thereby subordinated to the emperor’s authority. Shortly after his imperial coronation in February 962 Otto confirmed in a pact with John XII the Carolingian donations to the papacy, the original Ottonianum which has not survived. After a papally inspired revolt Otto returned to Italy and called and presided at a Roman synod which deposed John in December of 963. At this time the emperor had the extant Ottonianum, purporting to be the pact with John XII, drawn up. This document indeed contained the genuine pact, but was a forgery in so far as it also featured the insertion of the requirement that every newly elected pope must take an oath before the imperial legates or the emperor’s son before he was consecrated. This stipulation marked a severe infringement of papal liberty and was to form a justification for subsequent imperial depositions and appointments of popes by the Saxon and early Salian emperors. 86
It is not clear what Otto understood the nature of his emperorship to be. Hegemonial aspects and also military were certainly included: Widukind of Corvey recorded that Otto had been acclaimed imperator by his victorious troops on the Lechfeld as had Henry I after another battle against the Hungarians in 933, a clear echo of the ancient Roman practice of honouring a successful general. 87 It is unclear what significance to attribute to the fact that Otto did not himself use the title of Roman emperor but rather that of imperator augustus, following Carolingian usage from the time of Louis the Pious. Nevertheless Widukind referred to Otto as ‘imperator Romanorum, rex gentium’ (emperor of the Romans, king of peoples), and an imperial notary used the title imperator Romanorum ac Francorum in several imperial documents of 966. 88 The Rome-centred nature of emperorship became more apparent under Otto II whose chancery from 982 onwards adopted the title Romanorum imperator augustus.
Under his successor Otto III there emerged an unambiguously Rome-based concept of Christian emperorship. His programme was set out on his seal which was produced in 998 and was based on that of Charlemagne, being surrounded by the words, ‘Renovatio imperil Romanorum’ (Renewal of the empire of the Romans). But he went beyond Carolingian conceptions of empire in his concentration on Rome as the supreme city in the world. He understood his imperial role as being to possess the summit of power in both temporal and spiritual matters. In this notion he was influenced by Byzantine ideas and ritual: indeed, as part of this tendency, he mimicked the eastern idea of a family of kings under the emperor by sending a crown to King Stephen of Hungary and making the Polish duke Boleslaw ‘brother and co-operator of the empire’ (frater et cooperator imperii) 89 But he also undermined the papal position by usurping its supreme role of Christian ministry: he was firstly ‘servant of Jesus Christ’ (servus Iesu Christi) and finally, in his famous diploma of 1001, ‘Otto servant of the apostles and according to the will of God our saviour august emperor of the Romans’ (Otto servus apostolorum et secundum voluntatem Dei salvatoris Romanorum imperator augustus). In this document Otto, as emperor ruling ‘Rome the head of the world’ (Roma caput mundi), claimed complete control over the Roman church, ‘the mother of all churches’ (mater omnium ecclesiarum). Otto went on to denounce the Donation of Constantine as a papal forgery (without proof), and then proceeded through his own munificence to donate the eight counties of the Pentapolis to the pope whom, he claimed, ‘we have ordained and created’ (ordinavimus et creavimus). 90 The pontiff in question was Silvester II, his former teacher Gerbert of Aurillac, who had indeed been appointed by Otto in 999. Just as the first Silvester was the supposed recipient of Constantine’s Donation, it was probably no accident that it was a second Silvester who received Otto’s.
It was Otto III’s achievement to have permanently established the Roman character of the emperorship, although his successors varied in the importance they attributed to this aspect of their office. Henry II on his imperial coronation in 1014 adopted the title, ‘Henry servant of the servants of Christ and august emperor of the Romans according to the will of God and of our saviour and liberator’ (Heinricus servus servorum Christi et Romanorum imperator augustus secundum voluntatem Dei et salvatoris nostrique liberatoris), 91 a direct appropriation of part of the papal title. Conrad II was the first German monarch to call himself ‘king of the Romans’ (Rex Romanorum), implying a claim to the emperorship before imperial coronation; his son Henry III adopted the same style on his accession. Conrad’s seal also bore the inscription, ‘Rome the head of the world holds the reins of the earth’s round orb’ (Roma caput mundi tenet orbis frena rotundi). 92
Whatever the claims of these rulers, from the papacy’s point of view the Roman emperor remained a papal creation with a function within the church. The identification of the ruler as vicarius Christi, which became more prevalent during the Ottonian period and which passed from the Mainz coronation Ordo of 960 into the Roman imperial coronation orders, in theory placed defining limitations on the emperor’s role by making him a participant in the episcopal ministry. 93 But, in reality, neither the fact that the pope crowned the emperor nor the latter’s sacerdotal status were understood to entail his subjection in any way to control by the pontiff: quite the reverse. Indeed, Henry III acted decisively as rex et sacerdos and protector of a subordinated Roman church: although the details remain obscure, his assertive involvement in the synod of Sutri in 1046 contributed to the resignation of one pope, Gregory VI, and the deposition of two other claimants, Silvester III and Benedict IX. The citizens of Rome gave Henry the title of patricius which confirmed his leading role in papal elections; he proceeded to nominate four German popes in succession: Clement II, Damasus II, Leo IX and Victor II.
Despite the importance of ideas of empire produced under the Saxon and early Salian rulers, it would nevertheless be misleading to exaggerate the degree of reflection on such matters in this period. There was a notable paucity of writing relevant to political ideas. Many of the most characteristic statements of the monarchy’s claims are to be found in iconographic evidence: illuminated liturgical manuscripts such as the Gospel Books of Otto III in which the Christ-like nature of the monarch was stressed. 94 Church and palace architecture also reflected the magnificence of the king-emperors: witness, for instance, the court buildings at Goslar and the mighty cathedral of Speyer founded by Conrad II as a fitting memorial to his imperial claim to be by far the greatest priest-king in Europe. Their stones were the most eloquent testimony to the power which these emperors possessed in temporal and spiritual matters. Yet when compared to the situation in the Carolingian period, the Saxon and Salian German kingdom witnessed a relative decline in political sophistication: it possessed very few institutions and worked almost entirely through the spoken rather than the written word.
Legislation had virtually ceased; only one Ottonian administrative document, the Indiculus Loricatorum, survives. 95 In such circumstances it might seem misguided to seek out transpersonal ideas. The indivisibility of the realm appears to have been more the result of historical accident than established principle, 96 although, as far as the empire was concerned, the imperial insignia represented the continuity of the emperor’s office. 97 Transpersonal notions can, however, be discerned in the Gesta Chuonradi imperatoris (Deeds of the Emperor Conrad), written in the early 1040s by Wipo, a court chaplain. Wipo distinguished between the person of the king and the kingdom, of the emperor and the empire. On the death of Henry II the citizens of Pavia destroyed the royal palace there on the grounds that it no longer had an owner. Wipo reported Conrad as responding: ‘If the king has died, the kingdom remains, just as the ship remains whose helmsman has fallen. The house was public not private property.’ 98 Wipo’s use of the helmsman image, as elsewhere of the king as doctor bringing his kingdom to health, indicated that the monarch exercised an office of rulership over an entity, indeed an organism, separate from himself. Likewise, Wipo described the kingdom during the interregnum between Henry II and Conrad II as being a respublica without a ruler, an apt usage of the Roman term most suited to indicate transpersonal continuity, a term which he also equated with the Romanum imperium. 99
Although these developments occurred under the Saxons and Salians, emperorship was not seen as a monopoly of those holding the imperial title conferred by the pope. A deeply rooted and pervasive idea of imperial kingship persisted. This attitude was reinforced by the biblically based view which saw kingship as the fundamental model for rulership, with the emperor being a particular kind of king. 100
In West Francia imperial attributes rather than the formal title of emperor were commonly accorded to the king. Amongst the last Carolingians, for instance, Lothar was referred to as augustus because he ruled the regnum Francorum within the context of the now divided imperium Francorum. 101 This nomenclature, together with his use of imperial insignia, also reflected his hegemonial claims, notably to parts of Lotharingia. The early Capetians deliberately sought to legitimise and bolster their authority by using imperial epithets and formulae in their official documents. Thus Hugh Capet in charters referred to ‘imperium nostrum’ and to himself and his co-ruler son (the future Robert II) as masters of the imperium Francorum; from the reigns of the same Robert and his successor Henry I, a continuous chancery tradition developed of calling the king augustus. Indeed, in one charter Henry I was referred to as ‘supported by the imperial dignity’ (imperiali fultus dignitate). 102 In literary sources the same equivalence between king and emperor could be found. Gerbert of Aurillac, while serving the Capetians, referred to Lothar as Caesar and to Hugh Capet and Robert II as augustus. 103 Abbo of Fleury saw no qualitative difference between kings and emperors. In his Collectio canonum, written from 994-6, he mentioned ‘rules strengthened by the authority of royal, that is imperial, command’ (praecepta regalis, id est imperialis, iussionis auctoritate roborata), 104 and the election of ‘a king or an emperor’ (regis vel imperatoris); he also said, ‘every [king] within the borders of his kingdom exercises in piety a Christian emperorship’ (unusquisque [rex] infra sui regni fines imperium Christianum pietate exsequitur). 105 Helgurd of Fleury in his biography of Robert II, written by c. 1041, called him ‘such a great emperor of the Franks’ (tantus Francorum imperator). 106 All these writers, and the chancery products, were seeking to strengthen the Capetians by applying the Carolingian imperial inheritance to the new dynasty; indeed, Hugh Capet and Robert expressly referred to kings and emperors as their predecessors. 107 Increasingly, Charlemagne would be appropriated by the French monarchy as well as the German. Certainly the imperial claims for the West Frankish kings were made in self-defence against the pretensions of the Ottonians.
From the reign of Athelstan (924-10) onwards the Anglo-Saxon monarchy had also adopted an imperial style, as was shown in royal charters, notably those of Edgar who was titled ‘august emperor of all Albion’ (tocius Albionis imperator augustus) and ‘basileos of the Angles and king and emperor’ (basileos Anglorum et rex atque imperator); his kingdom was referred to as an ‘empire’ (imperium). 108 This imperial kingship was certainly hegemonial in character. It also rekindled the ancient memory of the Roman emperors once made in Britain and reflected the feeling that the island was ‘another world’ (alter orbis) which had never been part of the Carolingian empire. Byzantine models were clearly influential, as was the example of the Ottonians. There was, in addition, an extensive older literary basis: Adamnan of Hy, for instance, had in c. 690 called the victorious King Oswald, ‘of the whole of Britain emperor ordained by God’ (totius Britanniae imperator a Deo ordinatus); 109 and Bede referred to the royal imperium or de facto overlordship over the Saxon kingdoms. 110 Asser considered that Alfred ruled a regale imperium. 111
In tenth-century Spain, the title of emperor was applied to the kings of Leon but was not personally used by them (although they did call themselves basileus). The earliest such reference was contained in three charters issued by Ordoño II in 916/17, in which he described his father Alfonso III as imperator. Subsequent usages of the title featured in chronicles and various charters rather than in official chancery documents. It is impossible to know what exactly the term meant. It was certainly honorific and appears to have embodied a claim to hegemony in the Iberian peninsula, a claim which drew on the tradition of the unity of Spain under the Visigoths and which involved the responsibility of winning back the land to Christian rule. Indeed, the epithet Flavius was applied to Ramiro III (967-84), as it had been to the Visigothic kings. The imperial style was also a response to the establishment of a caliphate in Cordoba in 929 and, in addition, may very well have been influenced by the example of the Carolingians—there is probably a core of truth in the document recording Ordoño’s request for a crown from the Carolingian treasure held by the chapter of St Martin of Tours. The emperorship itself was firmly associated with the kingship of Leon, so much so that, when in 1034 Sancho III of Navarre captured that kingdom, which he called ‘the summit of empire’ (imperiale culmen), he minted coins featuring himself as imperator. His son Ferdinand I (1037-65), who united Leon with Castile, also bore this title, as did his successors. 112
The existence of non-Rome-based imperial ideas put Roman emperorship into perspective. The Roman empire was important, but how important and to whom? It was only of direct significance for the papacy, Italy, Germany and Burgundy. There was no question at this stage of the Saxons and Salians seriously claiming any form of universal authority in Latin Christendom, despite the rhetorical flights of fancy of their court writers. Other rulers in the west, notably the French, recognised the higher dignity of the Roman emperor in so far as he fulfilled his prime and defining duty of defence of the Roman church: they did not accept that he had any jurisdiction outside the borders of his empire. 113 Cnut, for instance, through his presence at Conrad’s coronation in 1027, was according him a precedence of honour. The Imperator Romanorum existed beside several royal emperors.
Such fundamental and transforming developments took place in political ideas between the mid-eleventh and the late thirteenth century that this period can rightly be seen as being radically different from the early Middle Ages. The background was massive social, economic and political change. This was the time that medieval Europe took off as a civilisation. With the defeat of the last invaders, the Hungarians, western Christendom was no longer a threatened world but was able to expand geographically. The Germans continued the push to the east into Slav lands begun in the mid-tenth century; in the Iberian peninsula the reconquista made dramatic advances in the second half of the eleventh, culminating in the recapture of the old Visigothic capital of Toledo in 1085; Sardinia was conquered from Islam by the fleets of Pisa and Genoa in 1015/16, as was Sicily by the Normans between 1061 and 1091; the Byzantines lost their last toe-hold on the Italian mainland with the fall of Bari in 1071; the First Crusade and its aftermath established the crusading states at Edessa, and in Syria and Palestine at the turn of the eleventh and twelfth centuries; and, in Scandinavia, Denmark and Norway had been Christianised, officially at least, by the mid-eleventh century, and Sweden in the course of the twelfth. Within western Christendom, the economy, with regional variations, but aided by generally favourable climatic conditions, expanded rapidly through internal colonisation together with an accelerating growth in urbanisation and both long- and short-distance trade. Early medieval society in the west had been overwhelmingly agricultural, and indeed throughout the Middle Ages most people continued to live and work on the land, although by the thirteenth century this was no longer the case in Flanders and Lombardy. The escalating development of city civilisation provided an environment specifically favourable for intellectual life and in particular for the emergence of universities: the Salerno medical school was the first from the mid-eleventh century; Paris and Bologna provided archetypes in the twelfth. Political ideas became more sophisticated in this urban ambience within a European world which was opening up.
At the political level, this growth in complexity resulted in the gradual emergence of territorial states, in England and the Norman kingdom of Sicily from the mid-twelfth century, and in France by the thirteenth, a position in marked contrast to that obtaining earlier in the Middle Ages, and one which was radically to influence the content of political thought. This is not to suggest that anything like modern forms of state came into being. But if one thinks of a state in fairly elementary terms as a politically organised community with a defined territory within which there exists a ruler or government with internal and external sovereignty, then such bodies began to exist from this time. They were characteristically medieval in kind with the question of sovereignty being complicated by competing ecclesiastical and feudal jurisdictions and, indeed, hierarchies of sovereign powers. Such states were made possible by nascent bureaucracies staffed increasingly by the burgeoning army of lawyers produced, on the Continent at least, by the new universities. By the late thirteenth century a variety of kinds of territorial state existed in different parts of Europe, ranging from the western monarchies, including by then the Spanish, to the city-states of Italy. A problem in terms of political and legal thought was posed by the coexistence of such territorial entities with the universalist jurisdictional claims put forward for the Roman emperor from the middle of the twelfth century.
Most marked was the development of the church as a legal and governmental institution. It adopted many attributes of a state and, indeed, in the papal patrimony acted as one, certainly from the time of Innocent III (1198-1216). With the increasing exercise of power by the church and the consolidation of ecclesiastical jurisdiction as existing parallel to that of secular rulers, there were more acute causes of dissension between temporal and spiritual authorities. Between the mid-eleventh and the mid-thirteenth centuries three major conflicts occurred between empire and papacy: the Investiture Contest and those featuring the emperors Frederick I and II. Yet it was the papacy, through the medium of the canon law, which established itself as the only truly universal authority in western Christendom. The church, and the papacy in particular, had become a far more assertive and influential body than it had been in relation to secular rulers in the early Middle Ages.
Before the mid-eleventh century the raw materials for political ideas in the west were relatively restricted. The opening up of medieval society and civilisation in the high Middle Ages was fuelled at the intellectual level by a vast infusion of recovered knowledge of the literature, law and philosophy of the ancient world, so much so that the new sources transformed political thought. Through the so-called Twelfth-Century Renaissance the dissemination of the political ideas contained in Roman literature was widened, with pride of place being given to the works of Cicero. From the late eleventh century, the establishment of the scientific study of Roman law and its growth as a university discipline, in conjunction with the development of canon law and its scholarship, gradually produced in the ius commune, or common law, a comprehensive legal language, which provided an increasingly sophisticated mode of discourse for the elaboration of ideas relevant to political matters. Furthermore, the full recovery of Aristotle’s political and ethical works by about 1260 presented an articulated naturalistic system for understanding politics. The result was that by the late thirteenth century classical-literary, civilian and canonist, and Aristotelian languages existed for the elaboration of political ideas, side by side with much-developed biblical forms of discourse. The extent to which such political thought operated at a purely theoretical level within each intellectual language, and the degree to which it was a response to the changes in society and its government, are questions which are central to our understanding of these writers.
It was indeed ironic that Henry III, who had acted out the traditional role of rex et sacerdos at Sutri and through the subsequent appointment of German popes, had, by favouring the election of his relative Pope Leo IX (1049-54), given further impetus to the beginnings of the papal reform which was ultimately to destroy that early medieval relationship between temporal and spiritual power pre-eminently embodied in his exercise of the imperial office. This reform, belonging to a far wider movement partly inspired by monastic renewal, sought in the first instance to separate the church, in the sense of the clergy, from the concerns and influence of the lay world, an essentially spiritual aim. Common cause was made against simony, the purchase of ecclesiastical offices, which was understood to extend beyond the payment of money to include secular service and flattery. In treating this crime as a heresy the reformers struck at a central aspect of lay influence in church appointments. Equally important was the forbidding of clerical marriage and concubinage: family life was perceived as enmeshing the cleric in the concerns of this world and leading to the inheritance of clerical offices. The reform also stressed canonical election of bishops, that is by clergy and people, as Leo I had laid down. 1 Overall, there was an insistence on the primacy of the pope as the main agent of reform: Rome was the epitome of all churches and the guarantor of orthodoxy—on the basis of the Donation of Constantine, principatus over all churches in the world was claimed for the apostolic see. Indeed a new term, papatus (papacy), was first used by Pope Clement II in 1047 to reflect this increased status as a rank above that of a bishopric (episcopatus).
The differences of emphasis among these early reformers were summed up by the cases of Peter Damian and Humbert who were made cardinals in the 1050s. Although both heartily condemned simony, Peter Damian in his Liber gratissimus of 1052 followed the traditional line whereby he still recognised the episcopal and sacerdotal orders of simoniacs, whereas Humbert denied the validity of such orders in his Libri tres adversus simoniacos (Three Books against the Simoniacs), written about 1058 as a reply to Peter Damian’s tract. On the question of canonical election matters were much more complicated, in particular because the custom had developed of lay investiture of ecclesiastical officers. Initially the episcopal or abbatial staff had been conferred by the ruler as symbolic of the bishop’s or abbot’s office; the first case of the giving of the episcopal ring as well was that of the investiture of Bishop Gebhard of Eichstätt by Henry III in 1042. 2 These actions were accompanied by the ruler’s words, ‘Receive the church’ (Accipe ecclesiam). At the same time the new bishop or abbot gave homage and swore fidelity to the ruler for the feudal lands and jurisdictions of his bishopric or abbey. Peter Damian was not opposed to lay investiture as such so long as simony was not involved. The model for Peter Damian was co-operation between regnum and sacerdotium: in a letter he wrote to the young Henry IV in 1065 he referred to the ‘mutual covenant’ (mutuum foedus) between the royal and priestly powers. 3 Henry III was his ideal of an emperor who exalted the church, 4 and whose interventions at Sutri and in subsequent choices of pope he eulogised as God-given actions necessary for the achievement of church reform. For Peter Damian the king or emperor was indeed a layman, but still a sacral ruler whose coronation was a sacrament: this theologian adhered to the traditional view which saw no clear distinction between regnum and sacerdotium. In marked contrast, Humbert, in his Against the Simoniacs, clearly differentiated between the kingship and the priesthood. The king or emperor for him was as a layman no sacral ruler. Clergy were superior to laymen: ‘Just as the soul excels the body and commands it, so too the priestly dignity excels the royal or, we may say, the heavenly dignity the earthly.’ 5 Humbert totally rejected lay investiture on the grounds that the king as a mere layman could not confer a spiritual office on a cleric. Indeed, power was given to kings by priests for the good of the church. Striking though Humbert’s opinions were, this tract had little immediate impact in subsequent decades, only being used by the publicist Placidus of Nonantula in 1111. In contrast, the views of Peter Damian had very great influence in the rest of the eleventh century.
It was also the case that Peter Damian’ s ideas rather than those of Humbert were more in tune with the attitudes of the popes themselves. Modern scholars used to believe that Pope Nicholas II (1059-61) had issued the first papal condemnation of lay investiture at the Lateran Synod of 1059, and that Pope Alexander II (1061-73) had reiterated this prohibition. As a result of the researches of Rudolf Schieffer, it now appears that no such papal prohibitions were issued before the pontificate of Gregory VII. 6 Where Nicholas II did make a decisive contribution as regards canonical election was in the case of the pope himself. At the same synod of 1059 a decree was issued which placed the election of the pope solely in the hands of the cardinals, primarily the cardinal-bishops. The role of the Roman clergy and people was reduced to one of mere assent to the choice. The historical participation of the emperor was by-passed with the formula ‘saving the honour and reverence due to our beloved son Henry who is for the present regarded as king and who, it is hoped, is going to be emperor with God’s grace, inasmuch as we have now conceded this to him and to his successors who shall personally obtain this right from the apostolic see’. 7 The Roman church thereby claimed its independence from both the Roman nobility and the emperors. This was a crucial step in the process whereby the papacy was to develop as an autonomous European-wide institution.
The full impact of the papal reform movement came with the pontificate of Gregory VII (1073-35). As subdeacon (later archdeacon) Hildebrand, he had been a leader of the reform at Rome since he had been brought back from exile by Leo IX. We have ample evidence for reconstructing his thought because his official Register (the oldest extant original) and some unregistered letters survive. Only fragmentary Registers are extant from before his reign: such as those of Gregory I, John VIII and Stephen V. The virtually complete run of papal Registers only commences from that of Innocent III. Gregory gave impetus to a process of differentiation between the church as an ecclesiastical entity and the sphere of secular power. This trend involved far-reaching claims for the autonomy of the church and challenged the earlier medieval view whereby temporal and spiritual power operated within the church understood in the wider sense. Significantly Gregory used the term ecclesia on all occasions except one to denote the strictly ecclesiastical body, and the word Christianitas with the wider connotation.
At the core of Gregory’s thought lay the idea of the liberty of the church (libertas ecclesiae). This meant the freedom of the church as an ecclesiastical body from lay control and its subjection to that of the pope. Gregory worked with the traditional duality between clergy and laity but stressed with particular starkness the hierarchical superiority of the clerical order. The theme of hierarchy applied particularly within the sacerdotium itself: he developed markedly the idea of papal monarchy so important for the Rome-based reformers, as reflected in the addition of coronation to a pope’s inauguration ritual from that of Nicholas II onwards. He used two biblical texts in particular to justify papal jurisdictional claims. Matthew 16:18-19 was interpreted as a form of divinely given privilege of liberty for the papacy: Christ had thereby committed to St Peter the power of the keys of binding and loosing as jurisdiction in both a governmental and a purely penitential sense. John 21:15-17 was also employed to reinforce the all-embracing scope of papal jurisdiction within Christendom: all were the pope’s sheep; none was excluded. 8 Gregory identified himself with St Peter whose responsibility for the Christian world he saw himself as inheriting. His conception of papal monarchy was strongly legal in character and is best understood within the context of the development of canon law exemplified in Italian collections made before, during and immediately after his pontificate, such as the Collection in Seventy-Four Titles and those of Cardinal Atto, Anselm of Lucca and Cardinal Deusdedit.
The key to Gregory’s conception of the relationship between temporal and spiritual power was his contention that the king or emperor was a layman: this involved a denial of the sacerdotal kingship underlying the claims of the Salians. He held that the clergy, as an order, were superior to the laity and that he, as the head of the church, had through the power of binding and loosing the capacity to judge rulers for their suitability (idoneitas). Early in his pontificate there was produced a document known as the Dictates of the Pope (Dictatus papae) which was inserted in the Register shortly after a brief account of the Roman Lenten Synod of February 1075. There has been no overall agreement among modern scholars about the nature of these twenty-seven propositions which Erich Caspar, who established the critical text of the Register, called ‘papal guiding-principles’ (päpstliche Leitsätze). 9 The suggestion that they were headings for a canon law collection to support papal claims cannot be decisively demonstrated. They can also be described in a more neutral way as a memorandum. 10 Whatever they were originally, they certainly set forth trenchantly the rights of papal authority. Most were concerned with strictly ecclesiastical questions; three, however, dealt with aspects of the pope’s powers in temporal matters: ‘That he may depose emperors’ (Dictate XII), ‘That he alone can use imperial insignia’ (Dictate VIII) and ‘That he can free the subjects of wicked men from their fealty’ (Dictate XXVII). 11 It is noteworthy that at this point Gregory claimed only to be able to depose emperors, not kings. This might be because the pope personally crowned the emperor and not kings, and could therefore more plausibly assert a right of deposition. The contemporary Dictates of Avranches, however, were less restrained: ‘Every power in the world should be subject to the pope… He can change kingdoms.’ 12 The appropriation of the emperor’s insignia reflected the use of the Donation of Constantine in the papal reform and was part of the process whereby an imperial papacy emerged—that is, one with the attributes and trappings of secular power. Most far-reaching of all, however, was the claim to be able to release subjects from their oaths of fidelity. This was an innovation with revolutionary implications, because it would totally undermine the whole institution of kingship. It would, after all, be up to the pope alone to decide who were wicked rulers, since he was the judge of sin.
Gregory put these principles into action during his conflict with Henry IV of Germany, a conflict which marked the beginning of the most important medieval dispute between papacy and empire. Misleadingly known as the Investiture Contest, it was to last from 1075 to 1122. Lay investiture of ecclesiastical offices was only one of the complex of issues at stake: fundamental questions were addressed concerning sovereignty in the Christian community, the relationship between temporal and spiritual power, the nature of kingship, and the status of episcopal authority as regards that of the pope and secular rulers. Lay investiture itself only became the predominant issue after 1100. The immediate reason for the outbreak of the dispute was the ongoing affair of the appointment to the archbishopric of Milan. In 1072 Henry had invested Godfrey in the traditional manner to the fury of the popular party, the Patarini, who chose their own candidate, Atto. Pope Alexander II recognised Atto as canonically elected and excommunicated five of Henry’s counsellors for their supposed role in ordering the Lombard bishops to consecrate Godfrey. At the beginning of his pontificate Gregory did not make an issue of lay investiture, since he hoped for a reconciliation with Henry: indeed, in the first explicit negative reference which a pope had made to lay investiture, Gregory had in September 1073 advised Anselm of Lucca to refrain from royal investiture until such time as Henry should make peace with the pope through ceasing to consort with his excommunicated counsellors. 13
The situation deteriorated in 1075, however, because the king, continuing to associate with his counsellors, appointed the bishops of Spoleto and Fermo and nominated a third achiepiscopal candidate for Milan—Thedald. Modern historians are divided as to whether Gregory had issued a formal decree against lay investiture at the Lenten Synod of 1075; there were measures against simony and clerical fornication. In any case, the pope, finding Henry’s actions intolerable, on 8 December sent him a letter calling on him to cease associating with his excommunicated counsellors and complaining about his actions as regards the sees of Spoleto, Fermo and Milan. 14 This marked the beginnings of hostilities. In January of the crisis year of 1076 Henry, having gained the support of his bishops at a synod at Worms, wrote to Gregory addressing him as ‘Hildebrand, now not Pope, but false monk’ and calling upon him to descend from the throne of St Peter. 15 In response Gregory at the Roman Lenten Synod in February excommunicated and suspended Henry from his kingship, 16 whereupon at Easter Henry together with many of his bishops declared Hildebrand deposed. However, the king had overestimated the strength of his position, and his support gradually drifted away; so much so that a growing opposition amongst the princes culminated in the October meeting at Tribur-Oppenheim which forced Henry to swear obedience to Gregory and to revoke his sentence of deposition.
The princes made their allegiance conditional on the king’s seeking a meeting with the pope in order to be freed from excommunication, and also swore to meet early in 1077 at Augsburg in Gregory’s presence. They had therefore invited the pope to arbitrate in the affair of the kingship of Germany. Henry regained the initiative in January 1077 by presenting himself as a penitent before Gregory who was wintering at the castle of Canossa in northern Italy before crossing the Alps. The pope, acting as a pastor, freed him from his excommunication without restoring him to the exercise of his kingship. From this point Henry began to recruit his strength again; but civil war broke out in Germany, because in March his opponents elected Rudolf of Rheinfelden, duke of Swabia, as king. Gregory never did reach Germany. He claimed that he was going to arbitrate in the matter, but delayed and appeared ambiguous as to whether he was treating Henry as a king. The result was prolongation of hostilities and loss of support for the papacy. The pope’s attitude to lay investiture hardened: in March 1077 he definitely referred to it as an abuse and at the Lateran Synod of November 1078 unequivocally condemned it. 17 Finally at the Lenten Synod of March 1080 Gregory definitely deposed Henry, reimposed his excommunication, freed his subjects from their oaths of allegiance, declared that the kingship was conceded to Rudolf and issued another decree against investiture. In response Henry, with the agreement of most of his German bishops, declared Gregory deposed, and at the synod of Brixen in June an anti-pope Wibert of Ravenna was elected. Henry’s position improved markedly with the death of Rudolf in October after the battle on the Elster. It took Henry and Wibert till 1083 to fight their way to Rome: in March 1084 Wibert was crowned pope as Clement III and in turn crowned Henry emperor. Henry was thus only made emperor by his own anti-pope. Gregory was forced to flee Rome with his Norman allies and died, largely deserted, an exile at Salerno in May 1085. His pontificate was apparently a failure; but through his actions he had put into effect ideas, concerning the government of the Christian community, which were to cause enormous reverberations in the subsequent course of medieval political thought.
Gregory’s Register contains elaborate justifications for his actions. These are to be found especially in the proceedings of the Lenten synods of 1076 (Reg. III, 10a) and 1080 (Reg. VII, 14a), and in two lengthy apologiae sent to his friend Bishop Hermann of Metz in August 1076 (Reg. IV, 2) and in March 1081 (Reg. VIII, 21). Gregory based his measures against Henry directly on the Petrine commission: the power of binding and loosing in Matthew 16:18-19 extended to temporal matters and gave him the authority to suspend and then depose Henry, and to excommunicate him and free his subjects from their allegiance. Likewise Henry, as a king, was not excepted from the sheep committed to the pope’s care (John 21:15-17)—that is, jurisdiction. In the sentences of both 1076 and 1080 Gregory addressed himself in supplication directly to St Peter and acted as his vicar. Henry’s sins were disobedience and pride. In the second letter to Hermann of Metz in particular Gregory elaborated the theme of the clergy’s superiority entitling them to judge laymen. Indeed, to make his point he went so far as to say, ‘Greater power is conceded to an exorcist [a sub-diaconal grade of cleric], when he is made a spiritual emperor for expelling demons, than could be given to any layman for secular domination’ 18 —a deliberate attempt to shock and to challenge the presuppositions of lay rulers. In both letters Gregory sought to provide authorities and historical precedents for his actions against Henry. In so doing he was trying to show that he was doing nothing new, because it was fundamental to his understanding of papal authority that he enjoyed precisely the same powers as any pope from the time of St Peter. In fact he was interpreting these sources in ways which supported his conception of papal powers but which deviated from their original significance.
Thus he used the statement by Gregory I that a king who went against one of his decrees ‘should lose his office of honour and power’ and, if not repentant, suffer excommunication and final damnation. Whereas Gregory I had been referring to excommunication, Gregory VII understood the passage to justify the deposition of a king as well as his excommunication. The assumption behind Gregory VII’s attitude was that excommunication, being spiritual in nature and thus a far worse punishment than deposition from secular office, implicitly contained within it the loss of merely temporal power. 19 Likewise, in Reg. VIII, 21 he quoted the famous sententia by Gelasius:
‘There are indeed two things, emperor augustus, by which this world is principally ruled: the consecrated authority of bishops and the royal power. Of the two that of the priesthood is a greater burden, in so far as they must also render account before God for the very kings of men.’ And after a further few words he said, ‘You know therefore that in these matters you depend upon their judgement, not they who are willing to be subjected to your will.’
The ‘few words’ omitted were crucial and showed that Gelasius meant that the royal power was subjected to the priesthood only in religious matters. 20 Gelasius, as we have seen, considered that temporal and spiritual power existed in parallel within their own spheres; Gregory interpreted him to hold that temporal power was in general subject to spiritual. Of the historical precedents he quoted, the most relevant was Pope Zacharias’s role in the deposition of Childeric and his replacement by Pippin as king of the Franks. Gregory represented his predecessor’s legitimising involvement in a way most favourable for his own understanding of papal monarchy. In both letters he referred to Zacharias as deposing Childeric and freeing his subjects from their oaths of allegiance, thus disguising his own innovation in this latter respect. By the second excommunication and clear deposition Gregory’s attitude had hardened considerably: he claimed that the power of binding and loosing included that ‘to remove from and concede to anyone according to his merits earthly empires, kingdoms, principalities, dukedoms, marches, counties and the possessions of all men’. 21 His opinion of lay rulers had declined further:
Who would not know that kings and dukes took their origin from those who, ignorant of God, through pride, rapine, perfidy, murders and, finally, almost any kind of crime, at the instigation of the Devil, the prince of this world, sought with blind desire and unbearable presumption to dominate their equals, namely other men? 22
In contrast, the sacerdotal order was so superior that, ‘Who would doubt that the priests of Christ are considered the fathers and masters of kings, princes and of all the faithful?’—they were the ‘eyes of God’. 23 Those whom the church has called to temporal rulership should obey the clergy in all humility. 24 But of course Gregory fully recognised that theoretical statements about the due relationship between temporal and spiritual power were not enough; he realised that in the political conditions of the late eleventh century personal bonds of sworn fidelity were the strongest sinews of society. He therefore favoured the development of feudal links between the papacy and secular rulers. After the death of Rudolf of Rheinfelden, for instance, he made it known in a letter to the abbot of Hirsau that the Roman church would require an oath of fealty to St Peter and his vicar in the flesh from whomever was elected king in Germany. 25 Although Gregory’s feudal language was far from precise, and although there is not enough evidence of a wide-ranging curial feudal policy, there is documentation of his desire to increase the number of kings and lords who were St Peter’s fideles, in addition to his southern Italian Norman vassals. Overall, Gregory’s vision of the relationship between regnum and sacerdotium existed within his conception of the pope’s mission of service, a view summed up in a letter written in 1083 towards the end of his life (Reg. IX, 35) and in which Gregory showed that he remained true to his sense of heavy responsibility for all Christendom as the heir and successor of St Peter whose privileges, expressed in Matthew 16:18-19 and John 21:15-17, he exercised.
Gregory VII’s ideas concerning the relationship between temporal and spiritual power raise fundamental questions regarding the interpretation of medieval papal theory. He himself was, clearly, no great theoretician, which in itself illustrates the problem involved in trying to apply an articulated interpretative structure to the understanding of his thought. Yet it is precisely such structures which have been routinely employed by modern historians as ways of making sense of the governmental claims of and for the medieval popes. Two terms in particular have been defining ones in this debate: hierocratic and dualist. Both are modern constructs applied to the Middle Ages. The term ‘hierocratic’ is derived from the Greek words for priest (hiereus) and power (kratos) and describes a model of papal monarchy. The pope, as the successor of St Peter, is the divinely appointed head of the body of Christians which has been committed to his care by Christ. Within this body the clergy are superior to the laity and spiritual jurisdiction is superior to temporal. The pope being responsible before God for the Christian community has the right to judge, depose and concede power to secular rulers. Indeed, in its developed form this theory attributed to the pope the role of mediator of a ruler’s power from God. There was absolutely no autonomy for secular authority and indeed no means of judging the pope. A difficulty involved in applying this model is that its fully articulated form only appeared with papal publicists of the early fourteenth century.
The dualist theme we have already met: 26 it corresponds to the fundamental distinction between clergy and laity. As applied to the papacy it interprets sacerdotal and secular power as existing in parallel, with each being derived from God. The pope’s authority is essentially spiritual in nature, with the result that there is no justification for the pope to be able to interfere with the power of a temporal ruler. The acknowledged greater dignity of the sacerdotal order does not mean that temporal power is subjected to it. A fundamental problem involved in adopting these terms, ‘hierocratic’ and ‘dualist’, is that they are not mutually exclusive. Any hierocratic interpretation includes an element of duality in that the distinction of function between clergy and laity is of necessity adhered to. There is no denial that the role of the secular ruler is to exercise temporal power and that the pope does not do so directly (except in the special case of the papal lands). Likewise, however thorough-going a dualist view might be, the headship of the pope in the Christian community is accepted. Medieval thinkers often did not fit easily into these broad modern categories and it has often been suggested that it is anachronistic to operate with the terms ‘hierocratic’ and ‘dualist’. 27 It is perfectly true that it is possible to treat the political and governmental ideas of the medieval papacy without any recourse to them. Should they therefore be abandoned? That would seem to go too far because, so long as the limitations involved in their use are borne in mind, they serve as a useful shorthand, but nothing more.
However famous and dramatic his conflicts over temporal and spiritual power might be, Gregory probably contributed more to the growth of papal monarchy through developing the other aspect of liberty of the church—namely, the hierarchical subjection of the sacerdotium to the pope. Gregory sought to strengthen existing papal powers over bishops. His ideas in this respect illustrated a central problem of the medieval church. There could be tension between the increasing concentration of powers in the hands of the pope as the apex of the ecclesiastical hierarchy, and attempts by the episcopacy to retain something of the greater and divinely instituted autonomy which it had enjoyed earlier in the history of the church. When conditions were favourable bishops were able to stage rearguard actions in this respect. Fundamental questions concerning the source and extent of episcopal powers of jurisdiction were at stake. In the Dictatus papae (Reg. II, 55a) Gregory reiterated the papal claim to be the sole authority able to depose (or reconcile) bishops, but went further by his statement, ‘That the pope can depose the absent’, 28 a rejection of a rule of due process according to existing canon law and a striking extension of monarchical power. The idea of appeal to the Roman church as the ultimate authority was ancient, being found in Gelasius and repeated in Pseudo-Isidore, where it was treated as a procedure expressly meant to protect bishops. 29 Gregory reiterated this right stating, That no one may dare to condemn anyone appealing to the apostolic see’. 30 He took a large step, however, when he permitted inferiors at papal bidding to accuse their superiors. 31 This definitely infringed existing canon law and involved a revolution in the understanding of hierarchy. By allowing a cleric of a lower order to accuse his ecclesiastical superior and by-pass the intermediate hierarchical grades by appealing to the top, Gregory was undermining the principle of a graduated and layered hierarchy. In his eyes hierarchy was thereby strengthened, in those of bishops it could well appear damaged. Appeal to Rome, given new life by Gregory, was to be a prime means by which direct papal control over the church was extended and the power of bishops curtailed. In all, Gregory, through strengthening the position of the papacy as the ultimate court of appeal, had given a more articulate meaning to the ancient formulation of legal sovereignty included in Pseudo-Isidore and repeated in the Dictatus papae: that the pope may be judged by no one. 32
Gregory also expanded papal claims to sovereignty with specific reference to the canon law as such. He stated of the pope, ‘That no chapter and no book may be considered canonical without his authority’ (a considerable expansion of a Gelasian tradition) and that, ‘No synod may be called a general one without his command.’ 33 The prime source for this conciliar view was Pseudo-Isidore, and it had also been put forward by Leo IX. Gregory’s formulation was particularly important because general councils posed a serious potential threat to papal sovereignty; it was therefore essential for the pope to have control over whether one was summoned or not. A general council might, if uncontrolled, provide a forum for episcopal independence and could be an autonomous source of canon law. Gregory’s two statements taken together meant that the existence of such councils and their decrees were subject to papal approval for their validity in canon law, a clear departure from the position obtaining in the ecumenical councils of antiquity and a sure sign of the burgeoning pretensions of the papal monarchy. Gregory went even further, saying of the pope, That he alone may create new laws as time makes necessary’. 34 The argument from necessity was one particularly suited to the extension of monarchical power. Here was, indeed, an assertion that the pope could through his will produce innovatory legislation, in itself a significant development of papal claims but one made with a conservative intention to counteract harmful innovations which, for this pontiff, sullied the purity of the church. The earlier medieval view was that the pope was bound to conserve the traditions of his predecessors; Gregory expanded the papal role by also reserving the right to legislate afresh for changing times, but in a way which would conform to the traditions of the gospels, the fathers of the church and previous popes.
The impact of Gregory VII’s pontificate was enormous: for the church nothing was to be the same again. From his active lifetime can be traced the settling of the church in its long-term direction as a body of power and coercion; the character of the papacy as a jurisdictional and governmental institution, evident in a primitive form from the fourth and fifth centuries, became far more sharply focused from the time of the reform papacy. This orientation could be perceived as creating tension with the papacy’s spiritual mission which Gregory himself always held to be its more important role: his was a ‘power better than that of the world’. 35 For Gregory the pope’s jurisdictional powers facilitated the exercise of his pastoral function. Nevertheless there arises the intrusive thought, out of bounds for a historian: this was the moment of the great wrong direction taken by the papacy, one which was to outlast the Middle Ages and survive into our own day. From the time of Gregory can be dated the deliberate clericalisation of the church based on the notion that the clergy, being morally purer, were superior to the laity and constituted a church which was catholic, chaste and free. There was a deep connection between power and a celibacy which helped distinguish the clergy as a separate and superior caste, distanced in the most profound psychological sense from the family concerns of the laity beneath them. At the time of the reform papacy the church became stamped with certain characteristics which have remained those of the Roman Catholic church: it became papally centred, legalistic, coercive and clerical. The Roman church was, in Gregory’s words, the ‘mother and mistress’ (mater et magistra) of all churches. 36 Gregory VII was an archetypal conservative revolutionary: his opponents maintained that he was overturning the existing world-order; he claimed that he was true to the early church and was rooting out customs which had no warrant in canon law.
Gregory’s pontificate stimulated a debate about the relationship between temporal and spiritual power, a debate which was conducted by means of tracts throughout the remainder of the Investiture Contest. This was the first such publicistic exchange in the Middle Ages, with protracted discussion leading to a sharpening of political and ecclesiological ideas. The impact of individual tracts varied widely and their oral audience is unknowable; but the overall effect was that the issues involved in the dispute were exhaustively dissected in political and ecclesiastical circles for half a century. The intellectual ferocity of the argument resulted from the challenge which the church reformers posed to traditional kingship, and from the Henrician rejection of the extension of papal claims in secular matters. Both sides argued within a shared intellectual tradition based on the Bible, the Fathers, canon law, statements of previous popes and ecclesiastical writers, church history and the practice of previous rulers. In this sense the debate belonged to the thought-world of the early Middle Ages; but this interpretation is misleading to the degree that in this period of fundamental transition writers were grappling with an increasingly more clearly defined differentiation between temporal and spiritual power.
Both sides claimed to be seeking to preserve unity within the Christian community; both accepted that such unity was procured by the co-operation of the two parts into which the body of the faithful was divided—the clergy and the laity. There was agreement concerning the sacramental and teaching roles reserved to the priesthood, but disagreement over the function and boundaries of secular and ecclesiastical jurisdiction—this was the heart of the dispute. The underlying reason was that, although the traditional division into clergy and laity was taken as something given, there was dispute about who was a cleric, who a layman in jurisdictional matters. Indeed, the differences were irreconcilable. Did the king possess ecclesiastical jurisdiction or the priesthood secular? What was the proper function of each?
The pro-papal tracts can be briefly characterised because they developed the reformers’ arguments. They espoused a clear distinction between clergy and laity and treated the king as a layman. They supported the papal interpretation of the Petrine commission in Matthew 16:18-19 and defended the power of the pope, as head of the church, to judge and depose a king whom he considered to be useless. Three writers deserve special mention. Bonizo of Sutri in his Liber ad amicum (Letter to a Friend) of 1085/6 gave a lengthy justification for Gregory VII’s actions and in his protracted discussion of Christian kingship sought to show that royal power was subject to that of the pope. 37 Manegold of Lautenbach in his Liber ad Gebehardum (Book for Gebhard), also written in 1085, undertook a comprehensive defence of Gregory VII, treating kingship as an office from which an unsuitable incumbent could be deposed. 38 The Summa gloria of Honorius Augustodunensis (written in the early twelfth century), through a lengthy interpretation of human history, presented a unified view of Christendom as a corporate body (universitas) in which, the clergy being superior to the laity, the priesthood was superior to kings who were no more than laymen: ‘The king is to be constituted by the priests of Christ, who are the true princes of the church; consent is merely required of the laymen. Because, therefore, the priesthood by right constitutes the kingship, the kingship will by right be subject to the priesthood.’ 39
The pro-royal writers denied the basic presuppositions of the Gregorian case. They continued to maintain that the king as Christ’s vicar was not merely a layman but rather rex et sacerdos, in effect a special kind of bishop. For them the king or emperor was in terms of jurisdiction the head of the church with the power to appoint bishops, to have a decisive role in papal elections and, if necessary, to bring about the deposition of a pope. This approach involved, of course, a rejection of the Gregorian interpretation of Matthew 16:18-19 and John 21:15-17.
The letters of Henry IV himself passed through the hands of a number of dictatores of whom the most important for the theoretical elaboration of the royalist position was Gottschalk of Aachen, an imperial chaplain. Gottschalk’s claim to fame is that in Letter 13 (written in 1076) he initiated the use of the two-sword analogy to describe the relationship between regnum and sacerdotium, a brilliant allegorical interpretation of Luke 22:38, once heard, never forgotten, and destined to become a mainstay of subsequent political thought. Gregory, he claimed, without God’s knowledge usurped the regnum and sacerdotium for himself. In so doing he despised God’s pious arrangement which He wished principally to consist not in one, but in two: two, that is the regnum and sacerdotium, as the Saviour in his passion had intimated should be understood by the figurative sufficiency of the two swords. When it was said to Him, ‘Lord, behold here are two swords,’ he replied, ‘It is enough,’ signifying by this sufficient duality that there were to be borne in the church a spiritual and a carnal sword, by which every harmful thing would be cut off: the sacerdotal sword would be used to encourage obedience to the king on God’s behalf, whereas the royal would be employed for expelling the enemies of Christ without, and for enforcing obedience to the sacerdotium within. 40
Alcuin had not used the two-sword imagery in such a sense. 41 It used to be thought that Peter Damian in Sermon 69 had first used the allegory of the sacerdotal and royal swords, but that work is now accepted as twelfth-century, and perhaps by Nicholas of Clairvaux, St Bernard’s secretary. 42 Gottschalk was using the two-sword analogy to support a pro-royal understanding of Gelasius’ doctrine of the two powers, but the image could equally well be used by the papalist side, as John of Mantua shortly showed by indicating that both the secular and the spiritual sword were in the hands of the pope. 43 There has, however, been acrimonious debate amongst modern scholars about the meaning of the two-sword analogy in ecclesiastical sources. The kernel of the dispute has been whether the two swords were intended to signify spiritual and secular power as such, or powers of spiritual and material coercion, the sense in which ninth-century popes had applied the image to their own authority. These allegorical interpretations of Luke 22:38, strange to modern eyes, adhered to the medieval exegetical method which sought to discern deeper mystical meanings transcending the lowest level, the literal signification of the words of the text. That the apostles had brought swords to the garden of Gethsemane was recorded in the New Testament: one of them had cut off Malchus’s ear (Luke 22:50) and then been enjoined by Christ to put up his sword (Matthew 26:51-2). Pope Nicholas I, for instance, following John 18:11 identified the apostle as Peter who, he said, had thereby used the corporeal sword. 44
For Gottschalk, Gregory’s crime indeed lay in arrogating kingship and priesthood to himself: he accused him of intending to subvert the divine dispensation of two swords by making them one. 45 In Letter 13 Gottschalk maintained that Christ’s will was that the two swords should work together in harmony within a unity (the church). Henry’s power came directly from God, not Hildebrand, who had not constituted him as king and was nevertheless trying to deprive him of his kingship. The two powers were not completely distinct, however, but shaded into each other: ‘In charity the province of one extends into the other, as long as neither the kingship is deprived of honour by the priesthood nor the priesthood is deprived of honour by the kingship.’ 46 His approach was essentially unitive, reflecting that of the Salian monarchy. In his eyes, it was Hildebrand who was undermining the peace and harmonious order of the Christian community. He wrote Letter 12 (also of 1076) to defend that order. In it he upbraided Hildebrand for inciting laymen to disobey and, indeed, remove their bishops. Furthermore, Henry could be judged only by God from whom alone he derived his power, and in whose hand kingship and empire lay, not Hildebrand’s. The king, in any case, could be deposed only for deviation from the faith. Gregory, in contrast had not been properly appointed, but had obtained the pontifical throne by cunning, simony and force. The letter ended with the ringing demand: ‘I, Henry, King by the grace of God, together with all our bishops, say to you, “Descend! Descend!”’. 47
The theme of the co-operation of the two divinely instituted powers to achieve peace and concord within the overall unity of the Christian community was fundamental for other pro-royal writers, although some were more willing to stress the distinctiveness between the two than were others. This duality, designed to protect the power of the king or emperor from papal encroachments, produced inequality in that the secular ruler was perceived as having ultimate jurisdictional control within the church: he could bring about the deposition of the pope, but the pope could not remove him. In terms of this world, the two powers were not strictly parallel and certainly unequal. It was Henry’s duty to preserve the peace which Gregory had shattered. Peter Crassus in his Defensio Heinrici IV. Regis (Defence of King Henry IV), written in 1080 or 1084, emphasised the specific role of the Roman emperor in this respect. Peter was notable for his use of Roman law to justify the legitimacy of the secular ruler’s role as guarantor of religious orthodoxy, referring to C.1.1.1 (Cunctos populos) and C.1.11.1 (Placuit), and quoting the historical examples of the emperors’ calling the early general councils of the church. 48 He held that God had instituted two laws for mankind: canon law and the laws of emperors and kings. 49 Through his twenty extracts from the Code, five from the Institutes and one from the Epitome Iuliani he made the most extensive use of Roman law yet made by supporters of the Salians. Although the profundity of Peter’s usage of that law should by no means be exaggerated, his work illustrated the increased study of Roman law in Italy in the second half of the eleventh century before the development of the school of Bologna, and was significant for its application of such legal texts to a work of political discourse in support of a lay ruler.
The Roman law was increasingly to provide material for articulating the theme of secular rulership and set forth a model whereby the princeps exercised jurisdiction in ecclesiastical matters. Peter Crassus’ text also formed part of the more general theme of Romanism developed among Italian supporters of the Salian monarchy, as witnessed by Benzo of Alba’s Liber ad Heinricum IV. (c. 1085), a partly metrical attack on Gregory VII, with its emphasis on the central role of the emperor as ruler of the world (with Rome its head), ‘vicar of the Creator’ (vicarius conditoris) and maker of popes. 50 Wido of Osnabrück in his De controversia inter Hildebrandum et Heinricum (Concerning the Controversy between Hildebrand and Henry) (1084/5) also reiterated the fundamental theme of dualism within a unified church under the jurisdictional headship of the emperor. ‘If these two heads of the church [i.e. the regnum and the sacerdotium] are in discord, everything which benefits either the soul or the body is disturbed and sinks to destruction.’ 51 The emperor was, however, the senior partner: when by ancient ecclesiastical custom, previously accepted by the church, the clergy and people chose a pope according to canonical rules, imperial consent was required. 52 This meant that the two powers were not completely distinct: there were, indeed, strictly ecclesiastical rights which were protected by canon law, and over which no layman had any authority, but, as Wido went on to say, ‘Although a king is rightly separated from the number of the laity in this way, having been anointed with the oil of consecration he is recognised as a sharer in the sacerdotal ministry,’ 53
The most comprehensive treatment of the Henrician position in the early Investiture Contest was contained in the Liber de unitate ecclesiae conservanda (Book Concerning the Preservation of the Unity of the Church) written by an anonymous monk from the abbey of Hersfeld between 1091 and 1093. This stressed the need for unity in the church and accused Gregory VII of trying to destroy that concord, 54 especially through his deposition and excommunication of Henry IV: ‘Whether he be Gregory or Hildebrand or someone else, who is the head of a party, not the church, he was not able to condemn King Henry, who certainly strove after, chose and worked very hard for this: that there should be one body of the church, so that likewise there could also be one body of the respublica.’ 55 The Anonymous sought to attack the Gregorians on their own ground by using many of the same proof-texts as they did, thus setting out to refute their arguments by presenting what he considered to be the true interpretations. He threw back at his opponents the charge that they had misrepresented their authorities and history. He made a number of references to Gelasius in support of a relatively strict division between the spheres of secular and spiritual power. If this arrangement were properly observed then unity and concord would be maintained in the Christian community. Gelasius’ words, he considered, reflected the divine dispensation which was infringed by Hildebrand and his bishops whose crime was to usurp the office of both powers, and ‘who, when for the sake of their pontifical dignity they should not involve themselves in secular affairs, usurped the ordering of the royal dignity against God’s decree’. 56
The king’s power, being from God, should be immune from attack by the church. The Anonymous also made use of the teaching of Gregory I that divinely ordained rulers, good or evil, should be obeyed. This doctrine of obedience was crucial for the pro-Henrician writers because the Gregorian case for resistance to and deposition of a useless ruler rested on the church’s capacity to judge a king and find him wanting. The Anonymous also expressly rejected the way in which Gregory VII in Reg. VIII, 21 had interpreted Gregory I’s Reg., XIII, 12 as justifying the deposition of Henry: he undermined Gregory VII’s understanding of the passage by comparing it with Gregory I’s general teaching on the obedience due to secular power, and denied that the text, as reported, was meant to apply to a truly Christian king like Henry anyway. 57 Gregory VII’s use of history was also criticised by the Anonymous, notably the pope’s interpretation of Pope Zacharias’s role in the deposition of Childeric as a precedent for his own treatment of Henry IV: for the Anonymous there was no comparability—Childeric had no royal power or dignity only the name of king, whereas Henry thoroughly deserved his crown. 58
The preservation of unity and harmony in the Christian community remained a persistent theme in pro-royal tracts in the early twelfth century. Sigebert of Gembloux in his Epistola Leodicensium adversus Paschalem papam (Letter of the People of Liège against Pope Paschal) (c. 1103) blamed Gregory VII for undermining the order of the world by inciting laymen against the clergy. ‘Who’, he said, ‘can separate the cause of the regnum from the cause of the sacerdotium?’ 59 The Orthodoxa defensio imperialis (Orthodox Defence of the Empire) of 1111 treated the regnum and sacerdotium as united in office after the example of Christ: they must, therefore, co-operate. But the secular ruler was the head of this unity: the king was caput ecclesiae. As a result the consent of clergy and people, generally required for canonical election of bishops, included that of the prince as the head of the people (caput plebis). The emperor, in particular, had a legitimate function in the appointment of popes, indeed one enshrined in canon law: The pope is therefore ordained with the agreement of the emperor, so that by his obedience the church may be supported in temporal matters.’ 60
Since both the royal and the papal sides perceived temporal and spiritual power as being combined within a unity, it says very little to characterise the Henrician tracts as dualist. The protagonists differed over the relationship between the two powers which were not distinct, but shaded into each other: the Henricians accorded the king or emperor the supreme position as regards secular and ecclesiastical jurisdiction, whereas the Gregorians attributed to the pope ultimate sovereignty in both. King and pope claimed to be able to depose each other. Within the overall context of the unity of the Christian community, the Henrician approach remained traditional, whereas the Gregorian was innovative in that it provided the catalyst for an increasing differentiation between the two powers and, indeed, contributed in the long term to the secularisation of kingship by stripping the king of his sacerdotal attributes.
Consideration of the issues which the Investiture Contest raised concerning the relationship between temporal and spiritual power was not confined to Germany and Italy, but was evident in France from the 1090s and in England from the turn of the century. Indeed, the most radical treatment was contained in a tract produced in the Anglo-Norman lands. The writer, who was originally known to modern scholars as the Anonymous of York, but, following the research of George H. Williams, is now commonly called the Norman Anonymous, produced his work on the Continent, perhaps at Rouen in c.1100. 61 He expressed the traditional view that royal and sacerdotal powers were combined in Christ, and hence in the king, the vicar of Christ; but the author’s independence of mind was revealed in his development of his argument. He held that Christ was king by virtue of his divine nature and priest by that of his human, with the result that kingship was superior to priesthood within both Christ and his vicar, the king. Whereas, however, Christ was divine by nature, the king was God and Christ through grace, that is through unction: the king, therefore, had a dual personality—‘in one by nature an individual man, in the other by grace a christus, that is a God-man’. 62 The anointed king as the ‘figure and image of Christ and God’ (figura et imago Christi et Dei) reigned together with Christ. 63 As a result, ‘It is clear that kings have the sacred power of ecclesiastical rule even over the priests of God themselves and dominion over them, so that they too may themselves rule holy church in piety and faith.’ 64 The priesthood was subject to the king, as to Christ. The king could in consequence appoint and invest bishops. Behind the Anonymous’s statements lay the view that jurisdiction was superior to sacramental power, a notion common both to Gregorians and their royalist opponents. But he reversed the papalist position by denying governmental powers to the priesthood and reserving them solely to the king. He did not consider, incidentally, that the fact that bishops consecrated kings made them in any sense superior, because there were many examples of lesser powers elevating superior ones to office.
Of all the issues treated in the publicistic literature of the Investiture Contest the crux was clearly whether the pope in fact had the authority to free subjects from their oaths of allegiance and depose kings. The papacy was here on its most insecure ground and its claims most shocking, indeed no less than a sign of contradiction to the presuppositions of lay society. Fundamental questions concerning obedience to authority and the justifiability of rebellion were at issue. Both sides accepted that kingship was an office in the tradition of the ideas of Gregory I and thus limited by its function; but whereas the Henricians followed that pope in leaving an errant king solely to God’s judgement, the followers of Gregory VII interpreted the notion of royal office as justifying human action to remove a ruler who was perceived to have failed in his duties; they thereby contributed further to the desacralisation of kingship. Their main focus was on the pope’s role in this respect. Manegold of Lautenbach, however, went further by saying that a king (a name not of nature, but of office), who was unjust or tyrannical had broken the pact (pactum) with his people by which he had been constituted, and that as a result of his severing the bond of faith his people was already freed from its oath of allegiance. 65 This was by no means, as some scholars once thought, an expression of popular sovereignty, but one of aristocratic resistance along the lines of the arguments used by the Saxon rebels in 1073: the populus was identified with the great men of the kingdom. 66
There were also problems with the papal position at the most fundamental level: the interpretation of its basic proof-text, Matthew 16:18-19. The Gregorian view identifying Peter with the rock on which the church was founded was, as we have seen, only one possible reading. 67 The main alternative understanding which equated the rock with Christ had a venerable ancestry in Christian exegesis, including Augustine, and was common in the preceding medieval centuries, being supported also by 1 Corinthians 10:4. 68 Furthermore, Matthew 16:18-19 could be understood to apply to all the apostles, who received thereby the same powers as Peter, as indeed the Norman Anonymous believed. This interpretation was also followed by the Anonymous of Hersfeld who supported his case by referring to chapter 4 of the early church father Cyprian’s text De ecclesiae catholicae unitate (On the Unity of the Catholic Church). The little-known version, which he used, accurately reflected Cyprian’s own view, unlike the alternative one, favouring papal primacy, which was widely known and used by the Gregorians. 69 The papal interpretation of Matthew 16:18-19 only convinced its own supporters and was never to achieve universal acceptance: the view that Christ’s commission was made to the episcopacy as a whole retained its strength throughout the remainder of the Middle Ages. 70
The intellectual debate stimulated by the Investiture Contest brought no solutions to the fundamental questions raised: the presuppositions of the two sides were too opposed for this. The dispute was ended by a series of practical compromises based upon the distinction between the spiritual and temporal aspects of bishoprics. Guido of Ferrara in the 1080s had already distinguished between the bishop’s spiritualia, pertaining to his episcopal office, and his saecularia, signifying the possessions of his see. 71 In the Anglo-Norman lands a solution was reached by 1107 whereby Henry I renounced investiture, but election of bishops and abbots still took place in the royal presence and those elected had to do homage for the temporal possessions of their churches. In France a decisive contribution had been made by the canonist Ivo of Chartres in a letter written in 1097 to Archbishop Hugh of Lyon: in this he maintained that royal investiture did not concern a bishop’s spiritualia but solely the estates and worldly goods given the see by the king (known generally as regalia). 72 By the solution in France, very likely influenced by Ivo’s ideas, the king renounced investiture and homage but held on to the right to confer the temporalities of sees and to demand fealty. In both England and France the royal grant of regalia followed consecration thus saving the outward forms of canonical election.
As regards the papacy and the empire, Pope Paschal II, influenced by the tract De episcoporum investitura (Concerning the Investiture of Bishops) in 1111 attempted, briefly and unsuccessfully, to surrender church regalia in return for the renunciation of investiture by Henry V. This initiative was not, as was once thought, the product of a desire to achieve apostolic poverty, but an attempt to remove the root reason for royal investiture in order to free the church from lay control: Paschal intended that the church should retain all its possessions (ecclesiastica) which were not regalia, together with the patrimony of St Peter. 73 The final solution to the Investiture Contest was reached through the Concordat of Worms of 1122 between Pope Calixtus II and Henry V. The pope conceded election of bishops in the royal presence and that the king should grant regalia; Henry in turn surrendered investiture and accepted canonical election and free consecration, but the granting of regalia and the accompanying giving of homage were to take place before consecration, thereby undermining in practice the principle of the liberty of the church. Calixtus was clearly influenced by the English solution and the ideas of Ivo of Chartres.
The differentiation between the spiritual and temporal aspects of a bishopric was the net intellectual result of the Investiture Contest. The only solution reached was that to the narrow question of investiture itself. This differentiation went against the initial views of reformers like Humbert who saw a bishopric as a unity, but it adequately explained the desire for royal involvement and, above all, permitted both sides to compromise in order to achieve peace at the end of a long-drawn-out and increasingly dreary conflict.
In the decades succeeding the Investiture Contest, however, there took place development in the formulation of ideas concerning the relationship between temporal and spiritual power. This was mainly in terms of canon law and is best discussed as part of the elaboration of legal language as a vehicle for political ideas. In terms of a theological approach, two writers in particular made contributions of a particularly lasting nature: Hugh of St Victor and Bernard of Clairvaux. Their statements on this question provide further proof of how misleading it is to try and force the ideas of a medieval author into a hierocratic or dualist straitjacket. Not only that: there was a marked discrepancy between whatever might have been their original intention and how their thought came to be interpreted subsequently.
Hugh (c. 1098-1142) was a luminary of the Parisian school of St Victor. In his De sacramentis christianae fidei (Concerning the Sacraments of the Christian Faith) he argued that the regnum and sacerdotium formed an organic unity as two sides of the body of Christ, but that the priesthood was of greater worth than kingship because it was prior in time. Furthermore,
Just as the spiritual life is worthier than the earthly, and the spirit than the body, so the spiritual power is superior to the earthly or secular power in honour and dignity. For the spiritual power has to institute the earthly power, in order that it may be, and to judge it, if it has not been good. 74
This might well appear to mark a clear development in hierocratic thought in that the secular power appears to depend for its very existence on the spiritual—and indeed this passage was often to be interpreted in precisely this way by pro-papal writers in later centuries—but it is highly dubious whether this was the meaning which Hugh intended, because he attributed power only over spiritualia directly to the clergy. It was perfectly possible that he was simply referring to the clergy’s role in consecrating a king, without suggesting thereby that they were the original source of royal power. 75
Bernard (1090-1153) was abbot of the Cistercian abbey of Clairvaux and became the most influential ecclesiastic of his age in the west. His message about the relationship between temporal and spiritual power was striking but confusing and only formed a tiny part of his vast literary output, being mostly to be found in his tract De consideratione (On Consideration) written c.1150 and addressed to a former pupil who had become pope as Eugenius III in 1145. True to his vocation as a monk of the ascetic new religious order he criticised the papacy for having taken a wrong direction through becoming excessively involved in the affairs of this world, notably in its exercise of jurisdiction: ‘And indeed every day the laws resound in your palace; but they are the laws of Justinian, not of the Lord. Is this right?’ 76 Yet, although he stressed the pope’s spiritual and pastoral role above all, he did this in a way which emphasised papal primacy, maintaining that Christ in John 21:17 had committed the whole flock to the care of one shepherd, Peter, in the presence of the other apostles, as a sign of unity. He also produced a classic definition of the pope’s monarchical power in terms of the formula, plenitude of power (plenitudo potestatis), which was to play an increasing role in the development of papal governmental claims:
Others have been called to a part of the care, you to plenitude of power. The power of others is curtailed by certain limits: yours extends also over those who have accepted power over others. 77
There was thus ambiguity in Bernard’s approach, an ambiguity which remained in his most famous statement which applied the two-swords imagery to explain the relationship between the pope’s power and that of secular rulers. Referring to Christ’s injunction to Peter to put up his sword into its scabbard, he said:
This sword is yours to be drawn, perhaps at your command, if not by your hand. Otherwise, if it no way belonged to you, when the apostles said, ‘Behold, there are two swords here,’ the Lord would not have replied to them, ‘It is enough’, but, ‘It is too much.’ Both belong to the church, that is the spiritual sword and the material, but the one is to be drawn for the church, and the other also by the church: the one by the priest’s hand, the other by the soldier’s, but, to be sure, at the priest’s command and the emperor’s order. 78
The meaning of this passage has been hotly disputed by modern scholars, on the whole according to the ways in which they interpret the jurisdictional claims of the medieval papacy. Interpretations have ranged over a very wide compass. Alfons Stickler maintained that the material sword referred to the coercive power of the church, not to temporal power as such: in consequence Bernard was not claiming that the papacy was the source of secular power. The exercise of the material sword was delegated to the laity, because clerics were forbidden to shed blood. A case in point would be the papal summoning of a crusade. Indeed, an earlier letter by Bernard to Eugenius, calling for such an expedition, used the two-sword imagery in the same way, and can be seen as being consistent with this form of interpretation. 79 At the other extreme, some scholars have understood the passage from De consideratione as having a thoroughly hierocratic meaning, whereby the pope distributed temporal power to secular rulers, who exercised it at his command in a derivative and subordinate way. It is certainly true that later, definitely hierocratic writers, notably in the fourteenth century, were to interpret this passage in such a manner, but there is no certainty that this was Bernard’s own meaning, which remained to some degree unclear. 80
The differentiation between the temporal and spiritual spheres, increasingly evident during the Investiture Contest, provided the basis for the developing consolidation of ideas of a secular, political dimension in the remainder of the twelfth century. A prime source for such notions was to be found in literary culture, heavily reliant on classical models.
Fundamental to this way of looking at the world was a changed conception of nature: certainly in this century there was a move from interpreting nature in purely religious and moral categories to seeking a physical explanation of it in terms of cause and effect. Modern scholars dispute about the significance of the treatment of nature in twelfth-century literary, theological and jurisprudential sources, but beneath all the differences of emphasis in different medieval authors, there can be perceived a growing tendency to accord to nature a certain autonomy. 81 Although God was understood ultimately to stand behind nature, the latter could to a degree be discussed in its own this-worldly terms. The common equation of God with nature was expressed in more sophisticated theological language as signifying the relationship between the divinity as natura naturans with His creation as natura naturata. 82 The main problem for the modern interpreter is that nature is such a slippery concept that it is difficult to be at all precise over the meaning attached to it by a medieval writer. As regards classical-literary sources, Seneca and, notably, Cicero provided treatments of nature which were seminal for twelfth-century political thought. Cicero’s influential ideas were contained above all in his tract De officiis (On Duties). For him there was an intrinsic link between nature and reason (ratio): natural law as a rational order underlay the life of the universe and of man. 83
From the point of view of political thought the most important representative of twelfth-century literary culture was John of Salisbury (1115/20-80), an English-born, Paris-educated ecclesiastical bureaucrat and man-of-affairs, who initially served Archbishop
Theobald of Canterbury, was a close friend of Thomas Becket, Henry II of England’s Chancellor, and after the vicissitudes of exile ended his career as bishop of Chartres. Of his voluminous writings his tract Policraticus sive de nugis curialium et vestigiis philosophorum (Policraticus or Concerning the Trifles of Courtiers and the Footsteps of Philosophers) had the greatest direct relevance to political ideas. This work of some 250,000 words was completed in 1159 and was dedicated to Thomas Becket. Although it has often been treated as the first political thought treatise of the Middle Ages, this approach is misleading because it could only in part conform to such a description: it was certainly to some extent a mirror for a prince, but it was also a more general work of philosophy, a tract on the political mores of his time, and a work of personal consolation. It reflected the way in which literary genres were still relatively unfixed in this period.
Nature was of fundamental importance in John’s view of the world: on several occasions he referred to the Stoic-Ciceronian formulation that ‘nature is the best guide to life’, and specifically to man’s civil life in the respublica, a view which he reinforced by quoting at length the passage from Vergil, Georgics 4, in which the bees are praised as a model for a civil existence. 84 But he went further than the purely mundane level by incorporating Neoplatonic ideas which saw nature as the will of God, and man, on a cosmological scale, as the microcosm, or ‘little world’ (mundus minor) which reflected the macrocosm. 85 This view bore witness to the long-term impact of Chalcidius’ commentary on Plato’s Timaeus and was, most probably, influenced by William of Conches’ commentary on that work. 86
Within this natural context John elaborated the most thorough-going organic treatment of the ‘body of the respublica’ (corpus rei publicae) yet produced in the Middle Ages. The clergy are the soul of that body;
But the princeps occupies the place of the head in the res publica; he is subject to the one God and to those who are His vicars on earth, because in the human body as well the head is animated and ruled by the soul. The senate occupies the place of the heart, from which proceed the beginnings of good and bad works. Judges and governors of provinces claim for themselves the functions of the eyes, the ears and the tongue. Officials and soldiers coincide with the hands.
Those who always accompany the princeps are similar to the sides. Treasurers and record-keepers…relate to the likeness of the stomach and intestines which, if they accumulate with huge greed and tenaciously guard their hoards, create countless incurable diseases, so that by their vice the whole body’s ruin is threatened. But with the feet, which adhere perpetually to the ground, coincide farmers, for whom the head’s foresight is the more necessary, in that they encounter many obstacles, while they obey the body in walking on the ground; the help of coverings is more justly owed to them who hold up, sustain and propel the mass of the whole body. Remove the help of feet from the strongest body and it will not proceed by its own strength, but will either basely, uselessly and laboriously crawl with its hands, or will be moved by the aid of brute beasts. 87
Although the ultimate origins of medieval organological concepts were to be found in the works of St Paul, Augustine and Chalcidius, John’s more immediate sources seem to have been William of Conches’ commentaries not only on the Timaeus but also on Macrobius’ commentary on the Somnium Scipionis (Dream of Scipio), Bernard Silvestris’ commentary on Vergil’s Aeneid and glosses on the Roman law. 88 John presented these ideas (and indeed the whole of Books V and VI) as being based on a supposed work of Plutarch, the Institutio Traiani (The Instruction of Trajan). Modern scholarship has discussed whether this was a genuine work of Plutarch, or a pseudo-Plutarchian piece produced in late antiquity, or an invention on John’s part. The consensus appears to be that it was a literary device: that no such work existed. There has been found no reference to it other than those in the Policraticus. John probably produced this fiction in order to give his ideas greater weight by providing them with a purported ancient authority; there was, after all, no full-scale ancient treatment of political thought available to him. Plato’s Republic and Aristotle’s Politics had not yet been rediscovered; of Cicero’s De republica only the part known as the Somnium Scipionis was extant.
Embedded in John’s organic metaphor was the idea of the common good: the interdependent members of the corpus rei publicae aimed at the achievement of this goal. John produced an emphatic intensification of this fundamental concept and in doing so was heavily influenced by the Ciceronian notion of the utilitas publica. The ruler was limited in the exercise of his power by this norm which was used by John to elaborate the Christian ministerial idea of rulership: ‘The princeps is therefore the minister of the common good and the servant of equity.’ 89 Indeed, the princeps was characterised by ruling according to law which ‘is the gift of God, the form of equity, the norm of justice, the image of the divine will’, whereas the tyrant dominated his people with violence. 90 John devoted Book VIII, chapters 17-21, to a lengthy treatment of the problem of tyranny, confronting in it the basic question: could anything be done about a tyrant? That quintessential crux of medieval political ideas was at issue: all rulers were understood to be limited by theoretical norms, but could they be controlled in practice? John’s response has caused much debate among modern historians. Although he repeated the Augustinian view that tyrants were sent by God as a punishment for the people’s sins, he also made statements that appeared to advocate tyrannicide: for example, ‘the tyrant, the picture of depravity, is for the most part even to be killed’. 91 Yet he hedged this position around with so many provisos that it is difficult to see that he was envisaging it as an option for action: poison could not be used and, above all, no one bound by a feudal oath to a ruler could kill him, even if he were a tyrant, which would prevent anyone from eliminating their own monarch. It seems most likely that John was putting before rulers the terrible image of the fate of tyrants in order to dissuade them from evil-doing, with the sure promise that God would punish them. 92
John’s organic theory of the common good could be seen as contributing to the development of a transpersonal natural state concept. It is perfectly true that his sophisticated use of Roman political terms, notably derived from Cicero and the Roman law, served to raise the level of discourse for describing the political dimension in which the respublica existed. Indeed, the law, he said, was that ‘according to which all should live who dwell in a political corporate body’. 93 Yet he can only be understood as going part of the way down this road. He made no clear distinction between church and state. The clergy, after all, were the soul of the body politic. Furthermore, he produced a thoroughly hierocratic application of two-sword imagery:
The princeps, therefore, receives this sword from the hand of the church, since it in no way has the sword of blood. Yet it does have it as well, but uses it through the hand of the princeps, on whom it has conferred the power of coercing bodies, while reserving authority over spiritual matters to itself in the form of its priests. The princeps is therefore a minister of the priesthood and exercises that part of the sacred duties which seem unworthy for priestly hands. For every duty of the sacred laws is religious and pious, but that one is inferior which is exercised in the punishment of crimes and seems to represent the image of an executioner. 94
For John the respublica was a Christian community in which the theocratic and the political dimensions coexisted. In one passage, for instance, in a naturalistic context, he suggested a purely human source for the ruler’s power:
Rightly the power of all subjects is conferred on him [the princeps] so that he might be sufficient by himself to seek out and create the good of one and all, and the condition of the human res publica be best served, while all are members one of another. 95
But he never suggested that the people itself possessed the exercise of power: this for him was concentrated in the person of the ruler. It was in this sense that the princeps represented his subjects: he acted in the place of the corpus rei publicae and bore the persona of the corporation of his subjects. 96 Yet ultimately power came from God and the laws of all rulers were subject to the law of God and those of his church: The censure of all laws is in vain, if it does not bear the image of the divine law, and the constitution of a princeps is useless, if it does not conform to ecclesiastical discipline.’ 97 Indeed, the princeps was ‘an image of the divine majesty on earth’. 98
In so far as the Policraticus was a work of political thought, it had obvious faults of organisation: it can appear as a strange farrago of political and moral observations interspersed with more sustained passages containing something like a systematic treatment of issues. Yet it was to remain one of the most influential political works for the remainder of the Middle Ages.
A long-term, indeed permanent, development in the language of political thought occurred through the emergence and growth of legal science, a phenomenon which had the greatest effect on European cultural history. This new, jurisprudential method was anchored in the scholarship of Roman and canon law which, from its late eleventh-century origins, blossomed in the course of the twelfth century. Although these two branches of law were initially distinct, they developed in tandem, so much so that at least in the course of the thirteenth century they became combined in a ius commune, or common law, approach. Civilians and canonists built up a rational, differentiated jurisprudence which constituted a characteristic way of looking at the world, or in their own terms a ‘true philosophy’ whose priests they were. 99 Their works may be categorised as being a subdivision of scholasticism in that the dialectical methodology employed involved the application of Aristotelian logic to an authoritative body of texts. Although most of Roman law was concerned with private rather than public law, and the vast bulk of canon law related to matters unconnected with politics and government, these jurists did make substantial contributions which may be considered relevant to political thought, and in so doing they provided a systematic approach which had not existed before in the Middle Ages.
The scientific study of Roman law began with the school of jurists known as the Glossators. They originated with the work of Irnerius from the turn of the eleventh and twelfth centuries at the archetypal university of Bologna and were centred on that studium. The availability of the full text of the Corpus iuris civilis was crucial for the development of their work. Whereas the Institutes and the Novels had been current in Italy throughout the Middle Ages, and the first nine books of the Code had been to hand since the ninth century, the text of the Digest had only surfaced in the south of the peninsula in c. 1070, whence it found its way northwards (the last three books of the Code, known as the Tres libri were to come into use by the mid-twelfth century). The school of the Glossators reached its maturity in the late twelfth and early thirteenth centuries with the work of the Bolognese jurist, Azo, whose Summa codicis (1208-10) and Summa institutionum exercised enormous influence. The culmination of the labours of the Glossators came with Accursius’ Glossa ordinaria on the whole of the Corpus iuris civilis (completed in the 1230s): this was to serve as the standard gloss for the remainder of the Middle Ages and into the early seventeenth century, as is witnessed by the very large number of surviving manuscripts and early printed editions of it. The Glossators initially sought to establish the meaning of the Justinianean texts, but, with the growing sophistication of their method, increasingly produced interpretations reflecting the requirements of the society of their own times.
The turning-point in the development of canon law scholarship came in 1139/40 when Gratian produced at Bologna his Concordia discordantium canonum (Concordance of Discordant Canons) which became known as the Decretum. By applying the dialectical method pioneered by the theologian Abelard (1079-c.1142), Gratian sought to produce some coherence out of the contradictions in the existing undifferentiated mass of canon law. His work, which had no official status, became the standard handbook for the study of the subject: a whole school of jurists, known as the Decretists, devoted their energies to elucidating the Decretum. Amongst them Huguccio (d. 1210) was pre-eminent. Yet in the second half of the twelfth century the body of canon law had been steadily growing through the marked increase in the issuing of papal decretals, especially during the pontificate of Alexander III (1159-81). The result was that official compilation on the part of the papacy was required. Pope Innocent III authenticated the first such collection, the Compilatio tertia of 1209/10. This contained a selection of the decretals issued in the first twelve years of his pontificate and was supplemented by the second official collection, the Compilatio quinta promulgated by Honorius III in 1226. This initial stage of compilation culminated in Pope Gregory IX’s codification, the Liber extra (1234). The canonists commenting on decretal collections were known as the Decretalists, amongst whom the most important in the mid-thirteenth century were Pope Innocent IV (d. 1254), Hostiensis (d. 1271) and Bernard of Parma (d. 1266), the writer of the Glossa ordinaria on the Liber extra. Because the canon law was a living and growing one reflecting the conditions of medieval life, the works of the canonists were closely connected with the needs of the societies in which they lived. Indeed, because virtually all the popes of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries had been trained as lawyers, the academic canonists influenced the development of the canon law itself. As far as political thought was concerned the canonists had a great impact over a wide spectrum, greater indeed than that of the Glossators: they exhibited more versatility than their civilian brothers who were to some extent tied to an authoritative text completed in the sixth century with only a very few high medieval additions.
Roman and canon law jurisprudence focused more and more sharply on the role of the ruler’s will in law-making, but within the context of the limitations imposed by higher norms in the form of divine law, natural law and the ius gentium. This was a medieval interpretation of the classical Roman law notion of legislative authority, a notion which had accepted such norms but accorded them a minimal role in limiting the emperor’s power to make law. The jurists’ treatments of the content of these higher laws and their interrelations were varied indeed, reflecting for instance differing approaches to Ulpian’s and Gaius’ definitions of natural law and changing theological understanding. 100 Although the main emphasis of the approaches of the Glossators, Decretists and early Decretalists was to concentrate on the legislative aspect of monarchical rulership both temporal and spiritual, there was also some acknowledgement of the people’s function in law creation. Civilians discussed whether the lex regia, the supposed source of imperial power, was irrevocable or revocable by the Roman people. Indeed, Gratian included all human law under the general heading of custom and stated, ‘Laws are instituted when they are promulgated, and confirmed when they are approved by usage.’ 101 The Glossators, reflecting the contradictions in the Corpus iuris civilis concerning custom, discussed whether custom could abrogate imperial laws and came to the general conclusion that it could, if it arose after the law in question. 102
Yet it was precisely on matters associated with the will of the ruler that twelfth- and thirteenth-century jurists exhibited a remarkable fecundity of mind, thereby making important contributions to the development of the languages of law and politics. They recognised that the ruler, operating within a normative context, in no sense exercised untrammelled power. Yet the Roman law principle of ‘what pleases the prince has the force of law’ stood behind the counterpoint of two fundamental principles in law-making—reason and will. The universal twelfth-century juristic assumption was that law, to be valid, corresponded with reason. The beginnings of the process, however, whereby there was an increasing emphasis on the law-creating function of the ruler’s will, became encapsulated in the formula ‘his will is held to be reason’ (pro ratione voluntas) which derived from Juvenal’s Satires (6.223) and had come to be used by jurists from the end of the twelfth century. Kenneth Pennington has stressed the role of the canonist Laurentius Hispanus (writing between 1210 and 1215) in developing the idea, on the basis of this formula, that the pope could change canon law in such a way that what was previously just became unjust, with the implication that the papal legislative will was distinct from the rational content of law, a view which ran counter to that of Huguccio. 103 The use of this formula, in that it focused on the notion of law as legislation, could serve ultimately to reduce the objectively rational or moral aspect of law, and lead to a purely positivist approach. Indeed it was precisely in the twelfth century that French canonists had begun to employ the term ‘positive law’ (ius positivum), a usage with roots in Chalcidius’ commentary on the Timaeus, and found also in Abelard, before it later appeared in the work of Laurentius Hispanus. 104 Yet there was no question of such a solely positivist conception of law in Laurentius nor in the thirteenth-century canonists and civilians: the law-maker for them still operated within a normative context expressed in terms of the common good. Nevertheless, the positivist seed had been sown.
It was a principle of Roman law that, although the princeps was freed from human laws (legibus solutus), he should none the less obey them, because his power was a legal one founded by the lex regia. 105 This view meant that he was in no way an absolute ruler, and twelfth- and thirteenth-century jurists, while accepting that such obedience, being voluntary, had a purely moral force, agreed that his power was subject to higher norms. 106 Yet the very term ‘absolute power’ (potestas absoluta) was a medieval juristic coinage made by Hostiensis, drawing on theological sources, to distinguish between the pope’s extraordinary power to transcend the provisions of canon law, where he judged necessary, and his ‘ordinary power’ (potestas ordinata) which he exercised on a day-to-day basis according to the canons. 107 Again, potestas absoluta was at this stage understood within a normative context, but it was a formulation which would be very useful for extending the scope of the sovereignty of the ruler’s will. Nevertheless the general understanding was that the pope could only ‘with cause’ (ex causa) deviate from the canons or derogate from higher norms.
The term potestas absoluta was related to the concept of the pope’s plenitude of power (plenitudo potestatis) which had not been employed by Gregory VII, but emerged in the twelfth century as a way of expressing papal sovereignty, a usage which diverged from Leo I’s original meaning, and was to be found frequently, and definitively, in Innocent III’s decretals. 108 Hostiensis was to give the classic treatment of this idea. Plenitude of power expressed the jurisdictional primacy of the pope, but was in no sense arbitrary, since it existed within the normative framework of the papal office. The term was clearly ideal for the articulation of the idea of sovereignty, and as such was applied by and to secular rulers in the course of the thirteenth century. 109
Although there was this evermore sophisticated treatment of the expression of the ruler’s will, these jurists also gave considerable attention to refining ideas constituting the normative and limiting context of the exercise of his power. A recent direction of research taken by Brian Tierney has highlighted the twelfth- and thirteenth-century canonists’ contribution to the development of notions of individual rights based on natural law: that human beings have subjective natural rights as distinct from the objective law of nature. Tierney has disputed the earlier consensus that such subjective rights only emerged later, for instance, in the theological and philosophical writings of William of Ockham or Gerson. Tierney’s findings have been disputed, but his arguments carry a lot of weight and have certainly introduced a most fruitful line of enquiry into the political ideas of these canonists. 110 For the jurists the whole subject was fraught with the greatest difficulties. On the fundamental topic of rights to private property, Decretists wrestled with the apparent contradiction between Gratian’s position that the common possession of all things was a precept of natural law, and his statements elsewhere which assumed the licitness of individual property. The view that the law of nature was included in the ius gentium, which sanctioned property, was followed by some Glossators including Accursius. It is also, of course, a fundamental right for a litigant to enjoy due process in any court of law. Although one could argue that trial by ordeal was more rational than it might seem, being a means of revealing the immanent judgement of God as an alternative to the feud, it was precisely in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries that the Romano-canonical legal tradition began to develop rational due process (ordo iudiciarius) which jurists from the thirteenth century argued was based on natural law. 111
The most trenchant discussion of the limitations on the ruler’s power was to be found in an area at the heart of the pope’s authority. What was to be done about an heretical pope? This topic became a set-piece of Decretist discourse. Gratian had included the statement in his Decretum that the pope was to be judged by no one ‘unless he be found to deviate from the faith’ (nisi deprehendatur a fide devius). 112 The problem was, who could judge the pope in order to protect the status ecclesiae, which amounted to the church’s constitution, its divinely revealed hierarchical structure and repository of faith? No juridically convincing answer was reached; but it was significant that the question was asked. The most famous Decretist treatment was that of Huguccio who held that the pope could be condemned for heresy, a category which, he held, included a range of scandalous crimes: by way of illustration he indulged in flights of juristic fancy, such as the speculation that the pope might have intercourse with his concubine on the altar of a church, in which case he would be committing both fornication and heresy. 113 The problem remained: who was to say that the pope was heretical, if he denied it? Huguccio held that an heretical pope had already judged and deposed himself—not a practical solution.
The canonists also gave lengthy treatments to the question of the relationship between temporal and spiritual jurisdiction. The basic problem, which caused fundamental divergences among their views, was produced by the tension between the acceptance of Christ’s division of the two powers and the recognition that the clergy were superior to the laity. Did this superiority entail that temporal power was derived from the spiritual, or did they exist in parallel, with the spiritual enjoying a higher dignity?
Where Gratian had tried to make sense of the canons, the Decretists tried to make sense of Gratian. His dialectical method of assembling contrary texts left his commentators with a confusing collection of material on this question with the result that no consensus emerged. Out of the mass of commentaries three stood out. Rufinus in his Summa decretorum (1157-9) argued that, whereas the pope possessed a ‘right of authority’ (ius auctoritatis) over secular matters, and indeed confirmed the emperor in his rulership, the latter had the ‘right of administration’ (ius administrationis) over them. 114 Huguccio (writing in the years 1189-91) took what may be described as a more dualist line. He held that the imperial and papal powers were directly instituted by God and that neither was derived from the other, with the result that the emperor obtained his office from election by the princes and people. There was, after all, an empire before there was a papacy. The emperor possessed full power before unction and confirmation by the pope, who only gave him the imperial title. The pope could, indeed, depose him, but only with the will and consent of the princes. 115 In contrast, Alanus Anglicus writing in c. 1202, expressly disagreed with Huguccio, maintaining that the emperor derived his sword from the pope who possessed both the material and the spiritual one. 116
Innocent III, in a series of decretals, then injected what were to be the most important papal contributions to this debate. Anyone seeking to understand his pontificate is faced with a veritable quagmire of radically differing interpretations by modern historians. His reign was the crux of the medieval papacy. He was involved in the widest possible range of ecclesiastical and political affairs. He became embroiled in the question of the imperial succession in the civil wars after the death of Emperor Henry VI in 1197. Through his policy of recuperations he earned the title of the second founder of the papal states. The Fourth Crusade was preached by him. Through his conflict with King John of England over the appointment of Stephen Langton to the see of Canterbury he became a protagonist in one of the most prolonged and bitter disputes between the temporal and the spiritual power. His most positive achievement was his favouring of the beginnings of the friars. The pontificate culminated in the Fourth Lateran Council. But despite all this activity the traditional (and justified) question is, just how successful was he? Was it all a tremendous effort for little practical result? Where he certainly did make a long-term impact was within canon law through his vast decretal production and the Compilatio tertia. Almost six hundred of his decretals were to find a permanent place in the canon law. Yet even at this point there is uncertainty amongst modern scholars. It used to be almost an article of faith amongst church historians that Innocent was the most eminent of virtually two hundred years of a string of lawyer-popes in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries. Kenneth Pennington has now thrown so much doubt on the claim that Innocent was formally trained as a lawyer that it seems sensible to modify this interpretation. The latest trend is to stress Innocent’s formation as a theologian at Paris. He may have sat for a while at the feet of Huguccio at Bologna, but, if so, for how long? 117 Historians have long debated whether Innocent was a hierocrat or a dualist; now he is increasingly seen as above all a pastoral pope. 118
The problem as regards the interpretation of his ideas concerning the relationship between temporal and spiritual power is in part caused because he wrote no tract on this subject. His ideas were mostly contained in ad hoc decretals which tended to use arguments that came to hand to support the points he wished to make. His most important statements concerning the empire were contained in the decretal Venerabilem of 1202 in which Innocent justified his claim to be able to choose between the two claimants to the imperial crown, Otto of Brunswick and Rudolf of Swabia. The pope accepted the princely electors’ rights to choose a candidate but maintained that these derived from the papacy through the translation of the empire (translatio imperil) from the Greeks to the Germans in the person of Charlemagne. Innocent stated that, since he as pope anointed, consecrated and crowned the emperor, he had the right to examine and, if necessary, reject a candidate chosen by the princes. He was explicitly applying the procedure for the confirmation of elections to bishoprics. 119 Elsewhere Innocent had maintained that the choice of emperor belonged to the pope ‘principally and finally’ (principaliter et finaliter)—that is, in its origin and purpose. 120 Innocent was insisting that the pope, because he instituted the emperor, was the source of the latter’s authority.
It was clear enough that Innocent could argue in this way because of his direct role in the imperial coronation. But what were his powers as regards secular jurisdiction in general? In his decretal Per venerabilem, also of 1202, he maintained that the pope could ‘exercise temporal jurisdiction incidentally after having examined certain cases’, and (with specific reference to his plenitude of power) that the pope ‘is accustomed to perform the office of secular power sometimes and in some things by himself, sometimes and in some things through others’. Furthermore, in a passage glossing Deuteronomy 17:8-12, and much discussed by modern historians, he could be interpreted as meaning that the pope could judge in both civil and ecclesiastical cases. 121 In the decretal Novit of 1204, which was concerned with the dispute between King Philip Augustus of France and King John of England, he eschewed judgement in feudal cases but reserved the right to intervene where sin was involved (ratione peccati). 122 In the decretal Licet of 1206 he argued, in the case of the Italian city of Vercelli, that if laymen felt they had not found justice in secular courts then they could appeal to the papacy, especially when the empire was vacant. 123
But what did all this amount to? What did it mean? Innocent’s words are very difficult to interpret because of the amount of allegorical language he employed, in part, probably, a result of his theological formation. There was a heavy emphasis on texts from the Old Testament to justify papal claims, such as ‘I have set thee over nations and over kingdoms, to root up and to pull down, and to waste and to destroy, and to build and to plant’ (Jeremiah 1:10). 124 The traditional New Testament proof-texts were, of course, also much in evidence. To illustrate the inferior and derivative relationship of royal power to that of the pope, he used the well-worn allegory of the moon, which shone by the reflected light of the sun. 125 He also argued that he acted as vicar of Christ in the order of the Old Testament figure Melchisedech who was both priest and king of Salem. 126 Modern historians have been unable to agree about what Innocent meant by this claim. According to the hierocratic interpretation, as represented pre-eminently by Walter Ullmann, the claim to the vicariate of Christ, the last person to combine within himself the powers of priest and king, was the source of the supreme spiritual and temporal power of the pope. 127 In Michele Maccarrone’s opinion Innocent intended a purely spiritual meaning by using this title—a view which is consistent with a more dualist reading of his intentions. 128 Kenneth Pennington has seen this vicariate as being used by Innocent as justification for the pope’s right to use divine authority on those occasions on which he sought to transcend the canon law, a usage which, he has argued, laid the foundations for Hostiensis’ formulation of the pope’s potestas absoluta. 129 All this further illustrates that it is misleading to attempt to force the ideas of any medieval pope, and especially those of Innocent III, into a hierocratic or dualist interpretative strait-jacket. Whatever the nuances of Innocent’s thought, reconstructed out of ad hoc statements made for different purposes at different times, he certainly claimed the right to intervene in secular matters.
The long-term significance of the decretals mentioned was that they provided abundant fodder for subsequent jurists. The notion of papal intervention ratione peccati in particular gave much food for thought, because it could be understood as being tantamount to a blank cheque for papal interference in secular affairs, on the grounds that it would be up to the pope alone, as the supreme spiritual authority, to judge whether sin was involved; any temporal ruler could always be outmanoeuvred in this way. On the whole, the thirteenth-century Decretalists may loosely be described as tending towards a hierocratic interpretation of papal powers. It would be misleading to say that Innocent IV went much beyond Innocent III. The former certainly held that a king would receive short shrift, should he try to bring a feudal action before a papal court. 130 Innocent IV’s perception was that there had been historical development in the regal powers of the pope: these had originally been potential and had only become actual over the course of centuries. His deposition of the Emperor Frederick II at the First Council of Lyon in 1245 was on the basis of the pope’s vicariate of Christ and powers of binding and loosing. 131 Hostiensis, however, with his rhetorical elaboration of the divine foundations of papal authority, could appear more hierocratic in approach. 132 But it was in another area that these two jurists differed significantly: over the question of whether infidels possessed valid jurisdiction. Innocent IV, arguing that the pope possessed jurisdiction over non-Christians de iure, but not de facto, was in consequence willing to recognise the practical validity of rulership by pagans. Hostiensis, in contrast, would not accept that infidels could exercise any valid jurisdiction. The disagreement between them was, in the sixteenth century, to provide material for the debate over the treatment of the Indians in the New World. 133
Although the relationship between temporal and spiritual power remained a preoccupation for jurists, the emergence of territorial states in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries, and specifically kingdoms, posed a growing problem: how to reconcile this new phenomenon with the universalist pretensions of empire and papacy. The question was acute in terms of Roman law with its claim that the emperor was ‘lord of the world’; there was much more flexibility as regards canon law. In order to express the territorial sovereignty of kings, jurists developed two formulae which were in origin distinct but became combined. The first equated the king with the emperor and became consolidated as ‘the king in his kingdom is the emperor of his kingdom’ (rex in regno suo est imperator regni sui). The origins of this equation were to be found in canonist writings at Bologna in the last decade of the twelfth century, notably those of Alanus Anglicus. 134 The civilian Azo also produced the idea in a quaestio produced shortly after 1200. 135 Although the original meaning of this equation has been debated by modern historians there is scholarly consensus that, in the course of the thirteenth century, jurists, notably
English, French, Spanish and Neapolitan ones, elaborated this formula as a claim to the sovereign independence of kings in the sense that the king within the territory of his kingdom exercised the same authority as the emperor did in the empire as a whole. The second formula related to the king who did not recognise a superior (rex qui superiorem non recognoscit). This derived from a phrase in Innocent III’s decretal Per venerabilem: ‘since the king himself [i.e. of the French] does not recognise a superior in temporal matters’ (quum rex ipse [Francorum] superiorem in temporalibus minime recognoscat). Innocent here seems to have been repeating phraseology contained in a petition sent to him on 2 November 1201 by Philip Augustus. 136 Canonists commenting on Per venerabilem differed as to whether this text indicated the de iure or the de facto independence of the French monarch from the emperor. Civilian jurists in the thirteenth century, with the possible exception of the Frenchman Johannes de Blanosco, retained the view that de iure sovereignty remained solely with the emperor: Johannes argued that the king of France was emperor in his kingdom because he recognised no superior in temporal affairs. 137 The Neapolitan jurist Marinus da Caramanico (d. 1288) produced a different way of justifying the independence of his king in terms of Roman law. He argued that the Roman empire had been based on force not law, and that the emperor only had authority where he could actually exercise power; elsewhere monarchs ruled by virtue of the ius gentium. 138 There existed in effect a plurality of territorially sovereign powers of which the emperor was but one.
In the course of the thirteenth century there also occurred the rediscovery of Aristotle’s political ideas through the recovery of his Nichomachean Ethics and Politics. Both texts were translated into Latin from Greek manuscripts, although the Politics was already known by repute from Arab scholars’ references to its existence, and the Ethics had been commented on in Arabic. Fragmentary versions of the Ethics were produced in the twelfth and early thirteenth centuries; but Robert Grosseteste translated the work in its entirety by about 1246/7, to be followed rapidly by an anonymous revision of his translation which became widely known. The Politics was translated, in a literal manner, by William of Moerbeke who became the most prolific and influential translator of Aristotle. His first attempt, in c. 1260, was an incomplete one terminating at 2.11; his second, a version of the whole text, can be dated to the first half of 1265 and showed a much better understanding of the philosopher. 139 The recovery of the Ethics and Politics formed part of the rediscovery of the whole corpus of Aristotle’s philosophy in the west between the 1120s and the 1270s. Earlier in the Middle Ages only two of Aristotle’s logical works were known, in Latin translations by Boethius: the Categories and On Interpretation (comprising, together with Porphyry’s Isagoge, the ‘old logic’).
The medieval Latin translations of Aristotle, made overwhelmingly from Greek texts rather than Arabic versions, spanned the period from somewhat before 1150 to 1295, when Durandus of Alvernia finished his revision of the anonymous translation of the Economics. Only partial renderings of the Eudemian Ethics, however, survive; the Poetics was, indeed, translated by William of Moerbeke in 1278, but remained unknown; and only two anonymous translations of the Rhetorica ad Alexandrum are extant, possibly produced in the fourteenth century. 140 The process of assimilation of the new Aristotle at the universities of Paris and Oxford was very slow. There is evidence that lectures on the ‘new logic’ and some of the works on natural philosophy were being given in both universities in the first decade of the thirteenth century. It was, however, only in the 1240s and 1250s that Aristotelian studies really flowered at Paris and Oxford. Although Latin scholastics used (almost without exception) translations based on Greek texts for their commentaries, they were also influenced by Arabic versions of Aristotelian ideas derived from twelfth-century Latin translations of, for example, Alfarabi and Avicenna. The most important Moslem interpreter of Aristotle, however, from the point of view of the Latin west, was Averroes (Ibn Rushd) of Cordoba (1126-98), who did not have access to the Politics but whose middle commentary on the Nichomachean Ethics was translated into Latin in 1240; indeed, most of his commentaries on Aristotle were available in Latin versions by about 1250. The case of Averroes illustrated the importance of Moslem Spain as a source for the revived western knowledge of Aristotle.
The enthusiastic reception accorded to Aristotelian ideas was matched by fierce opposition. The main problem concerned the relationship between those ideas and Christian revelation.
Indeed, as early as 1210 lecturing on Aristotle’s works on natural philosophy was proscribed at Paris. Scholars in the mid-thirteenth century expressed a wide variety of views ranging from the synthesis of Thomas Aquinas (c. 1225-74) to the ‘Averroist’ distinction between the truths of theology and those of philosophy. The reaction against the study of Aristotelian and Arabic philosophy culminated in the condemnations of 1277 at Paris and Oxford, whereby ‘Averroist’ and some Thomist propositions were proscribed.
The works of Aristotle provided a systematic treatment of the natural order on a metaphysical basis. The acceptance of this approach was already prepared by the pre-existing naturalistic, this-wordly direction shown in twelfth- and thirteenth-century theology, literature and jurisprudence. The recovered Ethics and Politics presented a systematic study of an avowedly political dimension and, specifically, made possible the establishment of political science (scientia politica) as an autonomous scholastic discipline: the subject gained thereby its own books of authority. The Aristotelian categorisation of politics as a separate branch of the practical sciences, which, together with ethics and economics, comprised moral philosophy, had, indeed, been known throughout the Middle Ages from, for instance, the works of Boethius, Cassiodorus and Isidore of Seville, and was used by Hugh of St Victor, in his Didascalion, and by Gundissalinus in his De divisione philosophiae (Concerning the Division of Philosophy) of c. 1150. Yet thirteenth-century introductions to philosophy, written before the reintroduction of the Politics, could only point to the Roman and canon law (leges et canones) as the textual subject-matter of political science. 141 Evidence survives of other occasional usages of the word ‘political’ and its cognates before the Aristotelian revival, but it was that movement which established it as a central and defining term in political thought. 142
Aristotle taught that ‘man is by nature a political animal’, 143 meaning thereby that the fulfilment of human nature, as the realisation of its potentialities, could be achieved only within the perfect community, the Greek polis (city-state). The political aspect of man’s life was the defining one and included all others within it. The origins of the political community, therefore, lay within man’s nature. This view, understanding human nature to be as it is in the here and now, was radically different from the patristic approach which held that man’s true nature existed only before the Fall, after which rulership and property became necessary as remedies for sin: that man’s original nature was, in short, social but not political. The adoption of Aristotelian ideas could facilitate further development of ideas of state concepts within a natural, and secular, political dimension.
Because Aristotle held that the existence of the political community was demanded by man’s nature, he considered the purpose of that community to be supremely important: it served to attain the life of virtue, the achievement of human potentiality. He viewed the city-state as being a self-sufficient community which had grown from smaller ones lacking this attribute. Likewise, because purpose was so pre-eminent, the form that rulership took was unimportant: he classified constitutions according to whether the state was ruled by the one, the few or the many—right constitutions aimed at the common good, deviant ones at the private good of those ruling. He was, in short, a relativist, considering that no one form had a monopoly in securing the ends of the state. The influx of Aristotelian political ideas meant that it became possible for thinkers to deepen arguments concerning the common good, and to accommodate more easily the variety of medieval forms of government, ranging from monarchies to Italian city-republics, although it was necessary in the process to widen the applicability of Aristotle’s ideas from the city-state to include larger political units.
The first generation of scholastics to use Aristotle’s Politics did so in a variety of genres, and in ways which can, on the whole, be described as theoretical in character rather than thought-out responses to contemporary political reality. Amongst literal commentaries on the text it is debatable whether the first was that of Albert the Great (c. 1200-80) or of his pupil, Thomas Aquinas, who wrote his between 1269 and 1272. Aquinas’s commentary broke off at 3.8, and it has generally been accepted that Peter of Auvergne continued the remainder of the commentary. It is, however, not clear whether Peter wrote solely to complete the Dominican’s work or whether he produced a complete commentary separately, the latter part of which was later used as a continuation of Aquinas’s text. Another kind of commentary, in quaestio form, was also produced at Paris: by treating specific questions this permitted the author greater freedom of interpretation. Peter of Auvergne wrote his Quaestiones super libros Politicorum between 1272 and 1295/6, and most probably in the 1270s; the so-called Milan Anonymous produced his quaestio-commentary between 1295 and the beginning of the fourteenth century. The Politics were also used in mirror-of-princes tracts. Aquinas wrote his De regno ad regem Cypri (On Kingship for the King of Cyprus) between 1271 and 1273 for King Hugh III. The first section up to 2.4 was by Aquinas: the remainder of the work was written by Ptolemy of Lucca (c. 1236-1327). Similarly Giles of Rome (Aegidius Romanus, c. 1243-1316) produced his tract De regimine principum (On the Government of Princes) in c. 1280 for the future King Philip IV of France. The Politics was also used by Aquinas in his Summa theologiae, during the writing of which he began from 1267/8 to cite verbatim William of Moerbeke’s complete translation. 144
Aquinas’s treatment of politics was fragmentary and must be seen within the wider context of his theology. In the main, he exemplified a metaphysical and theoretical approach to political questions. His attempted synthesis of Aristotle and Christianity rested on the distinction between the natural and the supernatural orders: ‘Grace’, as he said, ‘does not destroy nature, but perfects it’. 145 There was thus a hierarchy of ends for human existence: both orders were created by God, but the spiritual was superior, since it encompassed man’s final destiny in heaven. The natural order was to be discussed, at least partly, in Aristotelian terms, the supernatural in those of Christian revelation. Human nature had, indeed, been damaged by the Fall but the principles of nature enshrined in the rational precepts of natural law could still be understood: sin only affected man’s capacity to fulfil the requirements of natural law. Since man was political by nature, politically ordered society existed before the Fall, although in the state of innocence dominion would have been directive rather than coercive in kind: it would have directed free men to the common good. 146 Aquinas’s concept of the state, like Aristotle’s, was organic: a unity of order for the common good, composed of its members rather than being distinct from them, but a congregation distinguished by its purpose from a mere aggregation of individuals. This was a notion of the common good which combined a this-worldly Aristotelian approach with a Christian transcendental one:
Because man living according to virtue is ordained to a higher end, which consists in the enjoyment of God ... there should be the same end for a multitude of men as for one man. The final end of a congregated multitude, therefore, is not to live according to virtue, but through a virtuous life to arrive at the enjoyment of God. 147
A fundamental problem, however, in interpreting Aquinas’s thought was that, for him, the common good of the political community was in some senses identified with and in others different from that of its individual members. Certainly, the common good was the determining criterion for the legitimacy of the political community: again, purpose rather than origin was the predominant consideration. 148
For Aquinas, the normative context of political life was articulated in an interlocking structure of law linked by reason. At the highest level was the eternal law of God which expressed the divine rational guidance of created things. Because men, being made in the image of God, shared in the divine reason, they could participate in the eternal law, which rational participation was called natural law. Human law in turn was a rational application of natural law either in general terms (ius gentium) or particular ones (ius civile). There was also divine law which directed man to his final end of eternal blessedness. 149 The sources of this structure clearly lay in Christian and Stoic ideas. In understanding human law as ‘an ordinance of reason for the common good promulgated by him who has care of the community’, 150 Aquinas held that for such law to be valid it must be rational and thus derived from natural law: the mere will of the law-maker did not constitute valid law. 151 Natural law, according to Aquinas, was an objective rule rather than a source of individual natural rights. Furthermore, although it was immutable, it could be added to by human reason, as in the case of the institution of private property and slavery which supplanted the common liberty and possession of all things in the state of innocence. 152
Because of his emphasis on the primacy of purpose, Aquinas was willing to accept the validity of a variety of forms of government ranging from monarchies to popular regimes in city-states. There is much in his writings in favour of monarchy, especially in the De regno. He used the metaphysical argument that monarchy, in that it expressed the principle of unity, was best suited to bringing about peace and thus procuring the common good. Likewise, he interpreted the organic approach as favouring monarchy:
‘Every natural government is by one; for in the multitude of the body’s members there is one which moves all, namely the heart.’ Furthermore, ‘There is one king amongst the bees, and in the whole universe one God, maker and lord of all.’ 153 He also used the hierarchical argument of the relationship between the macrocosm and the microcosm to justify monarchy: ‘A king should understand that he has undertaken the duty to be in his kingdom like the soul in the body and God in the universe.’ 154 There were, however, limits on monarchical power: the ruler’s will was to be governed by reason, which was the context in which Aquinas understood the Roman law tag, ‘What pleases the prince has the force of law’, although any such limitation had only directive rather than coercive force. 155 A king ruling according to the laws exercised ‘political rule’ (regimen politicum) rather than ‘regal rule’ (regimen regale)—that is, full and unlimited power (plenaria potestas). 156 On the whole, Aquinas favoured a limited monarchy in the form of a mixed constitution containing monarchical, aristocratic and popular elements as being most likely in practice to secure the common good through ensuring the participation of all. 157 He also accepted government by the people as a valid form for cities. This provision underlay his general theory of legislation: ‘Making law belongs either to the whole multitude or to the public person who has care of the whole multitude’, as also did the power of legal coercion. 158 Indeed,
If it is a free multitude, which could make law for itself, the multitude’s consent, manifested by custom, has more weight in observing something than the authority of the prince, who only has the power to make law, in so far as he bears the person of the multitude. 159
Furthermore, as republican Rome in its heyday showed, general political participation could engender a greater commitment to the common good than existed under a monarchy, because each would make the common good his own, with the result that ‘It seems by experience that one city administered by annual rulers can achieve more sometimes than a king, if he were to have three or four cities.’ 160
Where, however, experience really informed Aquinas’s political ideas was in his contention that popular forms of government were prone to fall into disunity and dissension and thus fail to secure peace. The result was that government by the many was more likely to result in tyranny than rule by one man, as, he maintained, was shown by the fall of the Roman republic and observation of events in his own day: for this reason ‘the simple conclusion is that it is more expedient to live under one king, than under the rule of many’. 161 Although he condemned the tyranny of the majority as shown in oppressive rule by the many over the rich (following Aristotle in classifying it as democracy, a perverse form of government), he had to admit that rule by one man was potentially both the best and the worst form of government: that as far as unjust governments went, democracy was better than the rule of a tyrant. 162
Aquinas gave sparse treatment to the relationship between temporal and spiritual power. In his early commentary on Peter Lombard’s Four Books of Sentences (the standard textbook of medieval theology written from 1155-8) Thomas followed a traditional line. The powers were distinct: both derived from God, but in such a way that the temporal was not derived from the spiritual, with the result that temporal power was subject to spiritual in matters affecting salvation, but was to be obeyed before the spiritual in civil ones. This division applied,
Unless perchance the secular power is also joined to the spiritual as in the case of the pope, who occupies the summit of both powers, spiritual and secular, through the dispensation of Him who is priest and king, priest for ever according to the order of Melchisedech, King of kings, and Lord of lords. 163
It was, however, far from obvious what precisely Aquinas meant by this, as was also the case elsewhere in this commentary when he incorporated Bernard of Clairvaux’s argument that the church possessed the temporal sword which was exercised at its command. 164 In the De regno, however, his own voice became far clearer. Because of the hierarchy of ends of human life he was unable to accord total autonomy to secular government. Spiritual guidance to man’s higher end of eternal blessedness was entrusted to priests, not kings. In order to maintain the distinction between the powers, the ministry of Christ’s kingdom was entrusted to priests,
And in particular to the High Priest, the successor of St Peter, the Vicar of Christ, the Roman Pontiff to whom all kings of the Christian people should be subject, just as to the Lord Jesus Christ himself. For thus those who care for antecedent ends, should be subject to him who cares for the ultimate end, and be directed by his command. 165
Aquinas, however, went into no further details concerning the relationship between the two powers and did not treat the problem of possible conflicts between them. He had, furthermore, nothing to say about disputes between papacy and empire; indeed, being concerned with kingdoms and city-states, he had no contribution to make about the Roman empire of his own day.
Aquinas was writing in the context of a Christian society: there was no question for him of accepting the full autonomy of a secular, political order within Christendom. He did, however, recognise that infidel governments, being based on the ius gentium, were valid, but did so only in a provisional way. He reserved to the church the right to abrogate existing infidel rule over Christians and maintained that the church could never permit the new establishment of such rule over the faithful. His harshest condemnations were reserved for those who had rejected the faith: heretics deserved death, and the subjects of any ruler excommunicated for apostasy were ipso facto freed from his rule and their oaths of allegiance to him. 166
Despite his stature as a thinker, Aquinas was not the main transmitter of Aristotelian political ideas to the Middle Ages. This role was played by Giles of Rome (Aegidius Romanus) through his De regimine principum (On the Government of Princes), the most influential medieval example of the mirror-of-princes genre. The book enjoyed a vast influence and was translated into the main vernacular languages of western Europe, beginning with the French version of c. 1286. The reason behind the success of this work becomes clear as one reads it: the text is very readable—it flows on and on inexorably. By the standards of the Middle Ages it is systematic. It is, however, intellectually undistinguished: a classic example of the great impact of a work of, essentially, popularisation, albeit for a highly restricted governmental audience.
Giles’s approach was different from that of Aquinas in that it was far more secular: it treated the state as something earthly and made no mention of relations between temporal and spiritual jurisdiction. Although Giles accepted the variety of political regimes, including republican ones in Italian cities, he strongly favoured monarchy, and, indeed, hereditary and unlimited monarchy at that. 167 Monarchy he considered to be in harmony with the natural order and a reflection of the divine hierarchy. The king for him was the ‘living law’ (lex animata), ‘like a demigod’ (quasi semideus), and ‘intellect without concupiscence’ (intellectus sine concupiscentia). 168 He used the metaphysical argument for unity and the Aristotelian view of a leading principle in any body or organism. The true monarch brought peace and, being the guardian of justice, ruled for the good of his people. Although the monarch was not subject to limits in the exercise of his power, Giles understood him as ruling within a normative framework: ‘It should be known that the king and any ruler is the mediator between natural and positive law, for no one rules rightly unless he acts as right reason dictates; for reason should be the rule of human acts.’ 169
The assimilation of Aristotelian ideas by the 1280s completed the process whereby medieval political thought was transformed through the introduction of literary, juristic and philosophical languages derived from the ancient world. Nothing less than an intellectual revolution had progressively occurred in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries.
A fundamental shift in the nature of political thought became increasingly apparent from the turn of the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries. At the methodological level discourse became more sophisticated, largely because writers could draw on a developed ius commune and a received Aristotelian language. There emerged a noticeable trend towards a confrontation with political reality, and in particular with questions of power, a confrontation facilitated by these juristic and Aristotelian approaches. Reality became more and more the touchstone of political thought: acceptance of it, accommodation with it, attempts to change it—to advocate what should be the case. The first three decades of the fourteenth century were also noteworthy for producing lengthy treatises, which may be classed as political thought texts, and which in depth of treatment went far beyond exemplars of the existing mirror-of-princes genre. Indeed, fourteenth-century political thought as a whole was to prove the most productive and profound of the Middle Ages.
These intellectual developments took place in a context of radical historical change and deep crisis. By about 1300 population growth had reached the limits of subsistence, given available technology, with the result that deterioration in the climate early in the fourteenth century contributed to recurrent famines. The levelling-off of the population preceded the demographic catastrophe of the Black Death of 1347-51 which initiated a three-centuries long plague-cycle. Although the impact of the Black Death is highly debatable, the cumulative effect of these events was to produce massive changes in medieval society, so much so that the period after the mid-fourteenth century seems in many ways a different world from that which went before. The other great scourge of fourteenth- and fifteenth-century Europe, war, had direct political effects in that military financial demands led to the development of state machinery, as was notably the case in France and Italian cities.
The political history of the territorial states of the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries became increasingly complicated. Despite all the vicissitudes occasioned by wars and internal disorder, a general trend towards the further consolidation of territorial states could be perceived. This movement was reflected in political thought. Nevertheless, the claims of the Roman emperor were by no means dead. Although there was a growing tendency for emperors to concentrate on trying to conserve and increase their own family’s lands within Germany, Henry VII (1308-14) tried to impose his authority on the whole of Italy during his expedition there from 1310-13, as did Lewis IV of Bavaria (1314-47) from 1327-30. Charles IV (1347-78), on his visit to the peninsula in 1355 to gain the imperial crown, came not as an invader but as a purveyor of imperial privileges; he made one return from 1367-8. Because, in legal terms, the Roman emperor remained the ultimate de iure sovereign in north and north-central Italy, there was good reason for the survival of the imperial idea in Italy as well as Germany; there also existed French pretensions to the crown of the empire. As a result imperial notions were strongly represented in political thought. Indeed, the theme of the relationship between universal and territorial sovereignty remained fundamental.
The other universalist power, the papacy, experienced a succession of deep troubles, beginning with the conflicts between Pope Boniface VIII (1294-1303) and King Philip IV of France (1285-1314). These disputes were followed by the papal sojourn at Avignon from 1309, during which the external prestige of the institution suffered despite (or partly because of) the pope’s increasing jurisdictional and financial control over the clergy. During this period the papacy became embroiled in its last conflict with the empire in the Middle Ages, a lengthy one with Lewis IV, whom it never recognised as emperor. The papacy’s return to Rome was immediately followed in 1378 by the outbreak of the Great Schism, the worst crisis of the medieval church. From that year there were two men who claimed to be pope with rival courts at Rome and Avignon. Europe became split along political lines. The Schism stimulated the emergence of the conciliar movement as an attempt to solve the problem through the calling of a general council of the church. The first such council held at Pisa in 1409 only succeeded in creating a third papal claimant. The Schism was finally ended at the Council of Constance in 1417. Conciliarism, which stressed the supremacy of the general council over the pope, was a diverse phenomenon which infused the subsequent councils of Pavia-Siena (1423-4) and Basel (1431-49). Although the popes survived the conciliarist threat and concentrated on building up their power as Renaissance princes, the credibility of the papacy as an institution was weakened through the legacy of the Schism, the effects of heresy (notably the Hussite revolt), and the criticism levelled by poverty movements. Conciliarist ideas occupied a particularly important place in the political thought of this period; notions of the role of poverty also contributed to the understanding of the nature of power and powerlessness.
By concentrating on the theme of the confrontation with political reality it is possible to give some shape to the complex and variegated mass of political thought in this century and a half. The crisis of church and state in the period up to the Black Death produced a rich crop of political ideas. The contributions of the jurists, both civilians and canonists in a ius commune context, were particularly important throughout the whole time-span, precisely because of their accommodation of authoritative texts to the political, social and economic realities of their society. Conciliarist ideas, in their origins, expression during the Great Schism and radical elaboration at the Council of Basel, were responses to the perceived needs of the church, and, through their concentration on its constitutional and governmental structure, had profound political implications.
The pontificate of Boniface VIII and its immediate aftermath marked the watershed between the high and late medieval papacies. He was involved in two disastrous conflicts with Philip IV of France. The first concerned taxation of the clergy. Philip had taxed his to help pay for his war with Edward I of England, who had done the same with the English church. These royal actions contravened the decree of the Fourth Lateran Council according to which the clergy could not pay taxes to lay rulers without papal consent, although monarchs had taxed their clergy with papal acquiescence throughout the thirteenth century. Boniface could easily have compromised but chose not to. In April 1296 he issued the bull Clericis laicos which, without mentioning either king by name, forbade secular rulers to tax the clergy and the clergy to pay such taxes without licence from the apostolic see: the bull expressly stated that lay rulers had no jurisdiction over clerics or their property. Faced, however, with a royal embargo including the export of money from France, Boniface had to back down and, humiliatingly, in the bull Etsi de statu of July 1297 give Philip the privilege of exemption from the prohibition in Clericis laicos: the king could tax his clergy without papal permission in case of emergency.
The second dispute was far more serious. In 1301 Philip had the Bishop of Pamiers, Bernard Saisset, arrested and tried in his presence at Senlis for blasphemy, heresy and treason. Saisset was then held there at the king’s pleasure in nominally ecclesiastical custody. This was a breach of a fundamental principle of canon law whereby a bishop could only be judged by the pope. Boniface could have been accommodating with the French king; instead he opted for confrontation. In so doing he was following what may be broadly termed the hierocratic rather than the dualist tradition in canon law. He demanded Saisset’s release, revoked the privileges granted in Etsi de statu and called all French bishops to a council in Rome to discuss the preservation of ecclesiastical liberty, the reform of the kingdom, the correction of the king’s past excesses and the good government of the kingdom. 1 He thereby considered the temporal government of the French crown to be a matter of church concern. His onslaught culminated in the notorious bull Ausculta fili of December 1301 in which he reminded Philip, as his dearest son, that he had a superior and was subject to the head of the ecclesiastical hierarchy, 2 and also that no power over clerics was conceded to laymen. Because he did not qualify his claim to superiority, Boniface could well have appeared to be maintaining that the king was subject to him in both temporal and spiritual matters. The response of the French court was ferocious, including the whipping up of Parisian public opinion, condemnation of the pope at a form of Estates General, and pressure on northern French clergy not to attend Boniface’s council. As in the first dispute, Fundamental questions were at issue. From the royal point of view the sovereignty of the crown was at stake; the pope considered that he was defending the liberty of the church.
From the aspect of political thought the culmination of the second dispute was Boniface’s bull Unam sanctam in which he deliberately chose to confront the question of the ultimate relationship between temporal and spiritual power. It was dated 18 November 1302, but may have been issued a few months later. This curious document was unique in that it was an official papal exposition of the general principles determining the subordination of secular to ecclesiastical power. There had been no decretal like it, not even Innocent III’s Venerabilem or Per venerabilem, which had been focused on more specific issues. Unam sanctam contained no overt reference to the conflict with Philip IV. The bull contained nothing new: it was stitched together from statements and arguments culled from theological sources, although there was some juristic matter. Boniface set forth the model of a church within which all authority, spiritual and temporal, existed, and which was a mystical body (corpus mysticum) in a juristic, corporational sense, united under one head, Christ, and his earthly representative, the pope. Within this body, the relationship between spiritual and temporal power was strictly hierarchical. Boniface used a hierocratic interpretation of Bernard of Clairvaux’s two-sword imagery in order to illustrate the way in which secular power was derived from, and exercised at the will of, the priesthood. Indeed, he said, ‘The spiritual power has to institute the earthly power and judge it, if it has not been good’, a paraphrase of the words of Hugh of St Victor, again to support his hierocratic argument. 3 The final sentence of the bull was the statement, ‘We declare, state, define and pronounce that it is entirely necessary for salvation that every human creature be subject to the Roman pontiff’; but even this was based on Aquinas’s words in his Contra errores Graecorum (Against the Errors of the Greeks). 4 All that was new about Unam sanctam was that the pope had chosen to make an official pronouncement of this kind.
In practical terms the bull achieved nothing at the time. It was a thoroughly damp squib. Boniface’s pontificate ended in disaster: he died a few weeks after being imprisoned and manhandled by French forces at Anagni. Indeed, Pope Clement V, faced with intense pressure from the French crown, decreed in Meruit in 1306 that he did not wish there to arise from Unam sanctum anything prejudicial to the king or his kingdom, that the French king, kingdom and people should be no more subject to the pope than they had been before the bull, and that everything as regards the church and the king, kingdom and people should be in the same state as it was before. 5 In the years following Boniface’s death there was very little canonist interest in the bull. Indeed, it only became part of the canon law in the sixteenth century, when it was included in the Extravagantes communes. Although Unam sanctum was referred to in the remainder of the Middle Ages, its real fame grew later, and notably in the works of modern historians.
Boniface had refused to accept the reality of the way in which the French state had grown; he denied, by implication, the validity of ideas which accorded any autonomy to the secular sphere. His whole approach must have somewhat bewildered the French monarchy which considered itself to be the guardian of the French church, a role which its clergy accepted. Indeed in 1290 Cardinal Benedict Gaetani, the future Boniface VIII, had as papal legate negotiated an agreement with Philip whereby a royal ordinance confirmed clerical privileges and the right of the Parlement of Paris to judge prelates and hear appeals from their temporal courts. The principle was reinforced that the king was the supreme judge in secular matters within his kingdom: in this respect there were no islands of clerical immunity, although ecclesiastical jurisdiction was protected. The French monarchy had always been seen by the papacy as its greatest support.
The conflicts between Philip and Boniface produced a flood of tracts devoted to the questions raised: as a crisis which stimulated political thought it bore comparison with the Investiture Contest. But the use which these works made of jurisprudence, scripture, Aristotle and historical examples revealed just how much development there had been in political thought since the late eleventh century. These writings fell into two broad groups: less extensive tracts, directly related to the disputes, and major theoretical works produced in the context of the conflicts. All shades of opinion, pro-papal, pro-royal and those seeking a middle way, agreed that Christ had divided the two powers; but this statement created more problems than it solved. In temporalities, was the king subject to the pope or was the church to the king? What did it mean to say that the powers were distinct?
Could either be involved in the sphere of the other in any way? Did the admittedly greater dignity of the spiritual power mean that the temporal was derived from it? Indeed, in sheer exasperation Boniface rejected the French suggestion that he was in any way usurping or minimising the power of the French king: It is forty years that we have been expert in the law and we know that there are two powers ordained by God’—a response which begged all the questions. 6
Amongst the lesser tracts, the pro-royal Disputatio inter clericum et militem (Dispute between a Cleric and a Knight) was produced in c. 1297 in the context of the first dispute, and, as its title suggested, was couched in the dramatic form of an argument between a priest, putting forward a pro-papal position, and a knight refuting him in support of the king. The writer denied the pope any jurisdiction in temporal matters, asserting that the pope was the vicar of Christ in the humility of the latter’s earthly life and not in the power and glory of his risen one; furthermore, the church had not used its temporal possessions and rights properly. The king’s role was to protect the church; priests in return should pay taxes for the defence of the realm. Indeed, if the clergy were not co-operative, royal privileges to them could be revoked. In the conclusion, the knight reiterated the claim that the kingdom of France was independent of the empire and that the French king, as exercising imperial power in France, had supreme power over laws, customs, privileges and grants of liberties in his realm. 7 The tract Rex pacificus argued that the two powers were distinct on the Aristotelian analogy of the functions of the head and the heart, with the king being the heart and the pope filling the directing role of the head. In temporal matters the church was subject to the power of the king, who was Christ’s vicar for such things. Although the spiritual power was higher in dignity than the temporal, this did not mean that the temporal was in any way derived from the spiritual. The sublime status of the Pope entailed neither that he was the temporal lord of all nor that he possessed temporal power over all.
The Quaestio in utramque partem (Both Sides of the Question), written in 1303, adopted a moderate approach. The writer began from the premise that ‘temporal and spiritual things are in every way distinct and neither belong to the same genus nor share the same matter; temporal and spiritual powers are therefore distinct and do not depend on each other’ 8 —a view diametrically opposed to a hierocratic one which could be seen as treating the two powers (in so far as they were possessed by the pope) as different aspects of one power. Human beings led a double life (duplex vita), a corporeal and a spiritual, and hence were citizens of two worlds (duplex civilitas). The author established the autonomy of secular government on the basis of naturalistic and ethical arguments from Aristotle and Cicero: the pope had, therefore, no predominance over the temporal order. Indeed, Christ had fled worldly power and ambition, advocating instead a life of poverty. He had possessed temporal power, but having chosen not to exercise it, had also forbidden its use to St Peter (and therefore his successors): he had only passed on his spiritual power. Hierocratic interpretations of papal power had made much use of Old Testament priesthood as a model: the author of the Quaestio denied the relevance of this approach on the grounds that they were not priests in a New Testament sense. The papal office was simply too sublime to exercise temporal jurisdiction. The tract, as it progressed, however, modified the strict distinction between the two powers by accepting that the pope could assume temporal jurisdiction in the cases recognised by canon law. The pope could even indirectly bring about the deposition of a king by absolving his subjects from their oath of allegiance (or rather declaring them so absolved) on the grounds of heresy or contumacy against the Roman church. In extraordinary cases the pope could assume both powers. The author was rejecting extreme papalist or royalist positions and stressed the interdependence of the two powers.
The three major theoretical tracts written in the context of the conflicts amounted to a new genre for the Middle Ages, in that they were not mirrors-of-princes but works of synthesis focused on specific themes, and in particular that of power. They were produced within a year or so of one another: all three were products of intellectual formation at the university of Paris. Giles of Rome’s De ecclesiastica potestate (On Ecclesiastical Power), completed in 1302 and dedicated to Boniface VIII, was extremely hierocratic in content and would appear to have formed a basis for the construction of Unam sanctam. At Paris Giles had been the most prominent member of the Augustinian order, having been their first to hold a professorship in theology; in 1291 he had become Prior-General of the order and in 1294 had been made archbishop of Bourges by Boniface VIII, although he spent most of his time thereafter at the papal curia. The tract itself was devoted to the relationship between temporal and spiritual power, the topic omitted in Giles’s earlier De regimine principum (On the Government of Princes) with its thoroughly secular and this-worldly tone. There was no contradiction involved because the two tracts argued on different levels and in different ways: they were connected, however, in that both were systematic treatments of monarchy according to hierarchical principles.
De ecclesiastica potestate (On Ecclesiastical Power) was an extended essay on the implications to be drawn from the proposition of the spiritual sphere’s supremacy over the temporal: the superiority of the priesthood over secular power was grounded on priority in time, dignity and scope. The tract’s extreme papalism was reflected in its identification of the church with the pope who, ‘a creature without halter and bridle’, enjoyed absolute power in terms of positive law, which he should nevertheless normally observe. 9 The concept of lordship (dominium) was central to the tract: by it Giles denoted both power and property. The temporal power was subordinate to and derived from the spiritual which, following a hierocratic interpretation of Hugh of St Victor, instituted it. He also incorporated into his argument Bernard of Clairvaux’s contention that temporal power was exercised at the command of the spiritual. The dominium of the church was universal, superior and primary; that of the faithful laity was particular and inferior. Although Giles accepted that the church would not normally intervene in secular matters, he dealt at great length with the cases which canon law accepted as justifying such intervention. His most extreme statements, however, concerned property. He argued, on the basis of the subordination of the body to the soul, that all property was subject to the church and the pope in particular. Estrangement from God deprived a person of any rights in this respect: a sinner in short could not rightly possess property. Since all people were sinners, and it was the church that reconciled sinners to God, property rights could only be derived from the church. As he said, ‘The church is more lord of your possessions than you are yourself.’ 10
Giles’s approach was eclectic in that he drew primarily on the Bible, canon law, Augustine, Aristotle and Pseudo-Dionysius; but the overall trend of his arguments was a form of Augustinisme politique in that he considered dominium infused by Christian justice to be the only true form. His text could appear thoroughly theoretical and removed from the needs of the contemporary church and society: an unreal response to a real crisis and, as such, an unhelpful encouragement to Boniface to part further from any real hope of influencing events. But Giles, like the pope, clearly thought he was being realistic. The clue lay in the idea of the hierarchy of realities: both men were seeking to express the higher reality lying behind and beyond the lower and purely surface reality of political life. Both Giles and Boniface thought that they were making statements of eternal truth. The irony was that truly hierocratic texts were produced in the early fourteenth century at precisely the time at which the papal monarchy as an institution was beginning its long, late-medieval decline. Giles was to be followed by other extreme hierocratic writers: Augustinus Triumphus, for instance, with his Summa de potestate ecclesiastica (Summa on Ecclesiastical Power) (1326) and Alvarus Pelagius with his De planctu ecclesiae (Lament of the Church) (1330-2). 11
The second major theoretical text produced during the conflict between Philip IV and Boniface VIII was James of Viterbo’s De regimine Christiano (On Christian Rule) of 1302. James was also an Augustinian and his work, dedicated to the pope, used Giles’s De ecclesiastica potestate. At the time of composition James was a master at the university of Paris; he was nominated archbishop of Benevento by Boniface in September of 1302 and became archbishop of Naples at the end of the same year. James’s very clear and well-argued tract was justly called by Arquillière ‘the oldest treatise on the church’, 12 in that it was the first medieval attempt at ecclesiology. James began by defining the church as a regnum, because it was a community composed of many faithful. The first part of his work was concerned with the character of that regnum, and the second with the power (potentia) of Christ and his vicar, the pope. For James the church was hierarchically organised according to Gregory I’s ‘great order of difference’ (magnus ordo differentiae), that is its gradated structure of orders and functions, an approach which differed from Giles of Rome’s identification of the church with the pope. 13 In treating the relationship between temporal and spiritual power James developed Aquinas’s concept of the connection between grace and nature in a particularly clear way:
A middle way can be followed-to say that the institution of temporal power materially and originally has its being from the natural inclination of men, and through this from God in so far as the work of nature is the work of God; as regards its perfection and form it has its being from the spiritual power, which is derived from God in a special way. For grace does not destroy nature, but perfects and forms it… Because the spiritual power looks to grace, and the temporal to nature, the spiritual does not exclude the temporal but forms and perfects it. All human power is imperfect and unformed unless it is formed and perfected by the spiritual. This forming is through approbation and ratification. 14
Ultimately, therefore, temporal power served spiritual ends. James’s argument was a hierocratic one. Temporal power preexisted in the pope, whose temporal and spiritual powers of jurisdiction were two aspects of the same royal power—‘a double power because it concerns diverse acts’ relating to the two orders of beatitude, temporal and spiritual. 15 The pope had temporal power in a higher, directing and ordering way. James disposed of the objection that Christ did not exercise temporal power by saying that his choice not to do so did not mean that he could not pass it on to his vicar.
The third theoretical tract was that of John of Paris (Jean Quidort): his De regia potestate et papali (On Royal and Papal Power) was produced in 1302/3. 16 It was an abstract and scholarly work focused on questions of temporal and spiritual power and jurisdiction. It professed to argue in a way which would have general validity: it only contained a couple of references to the conflicts between Philip IV and the pope. Its purpose was, by defining the limits of the pope’s power, to protect the monarchy against papal claims: John expressly sought to refute the hierocratic arguments of Giles of Rome and another pro-papal writer in the disputes, Henry of Cremona. 17 The tract could to this extent be classed as pro-royal, but was by no means excessively so with the result that some modern scholars have seen it as setting forth a middle way between polarised positions in the conflicts. 18 John’s rejection of a hierocratic approach was shown by the way in which he pursued the theme of the separation of secular and spiritual power on the grounds that they were different in kind. Kingship he defined in naturalistic, Aristotelian terms:
It is clear that it is necessary and useful for man to live in a multitude and especially in one which can suffice for all the purposes of life, like a city or a region, and especially under the rule for the common good by one man who is called a king. And it is also clear that this government is derived from the natural law, because man is naturally a civil or political and social animal. 19
Priesthood, in contrast, was purely spiritual: ‘Priesthood is a spiritual power conferred by Christ on the ministers of the church to dispense sacraments to the faithful.’ 20 According to John the natural origins of political communities entailed that different forms of state and government had arisen in different places in response to variations in climate, language and human conditions. This explained why any form of universal temporal rulership was unsuitable and, in fact, in terms of the realities of physical coercion, unworkable. John’s political world was one of a plurality of territorial states, mostly kingdoms. In contrast he accepted the universality of the pope’s spiritual government as being divinely ordained and practical, in that it operated verbally rather than by the material sword. 21
As regards the relationship between secular and spiritual power, John considered that they existed in parallel, with the secular being greater in temporal things and the spiritual in spiritual ones. Both powers derived directly and ultimately from God. John struck at the central argument of a hierocratic position by differentiating the notion of hierarchy: he accepted the absolute superiority of the spiritual order over the temporal in terms of dignity, but by distinguishing between them in kind and purpose was able to avoid the conclusion that secular power was derived from and subordinate to the spiritual in temporal matters. Indeed, secular power was only so subject in those (spiritual) matters in which God had specifically subordinated it. 22 Although there was an ultimately divine source of authority in church and state the choice of individual incumbents, whether episcopal or royal, lay with human beings, that is the people: the pope was thereby excluded as a medium between God and man, both as regards royal power, which derived ‘from God and the people electing the king in person or in his dynasty’, and as regards the jurisdiction of bishops, which came immediately from God and the people’s consent. 23 John further assaulted hierocratic argumentation by pointing out that Pseudo-Dionysius’ thesis that the lowest could not be led to the highest except through intermediaries suggested that, since bishops only had spiritual powers, the pope through his position in the hierarchy only had such powers as well. 24 John, following Augustine and Pseudo-Dionysius, also denied that cosmetic allegorical arguments, such as those of the two swords or the relationship of the sun to the moon, had in themselves, without scriptural support, any validity for determining matters of jurisdiction. 25
John did not, however, completely separate secular and spiritual power, which is why his tract has been described as seeking a middle way. He maintained that the pope could indirectly (or ‘accidentally’) depose a secular ruler, just as the emperor could indirectly depose the pope. Through excommunication the pope could bring it about that a delinquent prince was deposed by the people; similarly the emperor could cause the people to depose the pope. The pontiff could act against a king not only in spiritual matters but also in temporal, if the barons and peers of the realm so begged him. Likewise the emperor could correct the pope, if he was delinquent in temporal matters; if the pope’s offence was in spiritual ones, the cardinals could call in the secular arm of the emperor to depose him. There were problems with John’s argument—not least in the vagueness of his terms. He referred somewhat indiscriminately to ‘prince’, ‘emperor’ and ‘king’. It was also not clear who the people were. Furthermore, there was a definite inconsistency with his overall argument for a plurality of territorial states, when he referred to the universality of the emperor’s jurisdiction as legitimising the latter’s power indirectly to depose the pope. Certainly, John’s modification of the separation of the powers illustrates the difficulty of applying the term ‘dualist’ to his ideas. 26
On the question of property, John set out at great length to disprove the arguments in Giles of Rome’s De ecclesiastica potestate (On Ecclesiastical Power). John denied to the pope any rights of dominion or jurisdiction over the temporal goods of the laity: Christ had not exercised such powers. Rather, lay property was acquired by individuals through their own skill, labour and industry. Church property was held by ecclesiastical communities; the pope could therefore only be the dispenser, not the lord, of the church’s temporal goods. 27
The cumulative effect of John’s scholastic method, marshalling authorities for and against propositions, was to provide biblical, juristic, historical and Aristotelian arguments which could be used for the cause of the French crown. He gave a detailed refutation of the validity of the Donation of Constantine as the basis for any papal claim to sovereignty over France. He finished his argument by showing that, even if the Donation had been valid, the imperial claims to jurisdiction lying behind it did not apply to the Franks who were free from subjection to the Roman emperor. Not only that, the empire had been founded on force and there was no guarantee that it would last forever: even if it had been God’s will that the Romans should have supplanted previous empires, God could equally will the demise of the Roman empire. 28 John’s tract certainly reflected the reality of the emergence of territorial states and the contemporary weakness of the empire, but in the early fourteenth century it was a matter of opinion whether the idea of empire still had strength in it, and how much political reality could be given to imperial claims. Certainly, French pretensions to the crown of the empire were very much alive, as was shown in Pierre Dubois’ De recuperatione terrae sanctae (The Recovery of the Holy Land) of 1305/7 29 and Philip IV’s campaign for the election of his brother Charles of Valois in 1308. Nevertheless, the prime home for apologists for the Roman empire was in Italy.
The early fourteenth century in Italy was an especially fruitful period for political thought, which benefited from the spreading of scholastic ideas and methods by Italian scholars who had been students in Paris. Ptolemy of Lucca, who had studied there under Aquinas, his friend and fellow-Dominican, produced his continuation of the latter’s De regno (On Kingship) by c. 1305. He did not, however, gain the credit for this work, since throughout the rest of the Middle Ages (and indeed until the twentieth century) Aquinas was accepted as the author of the whole treatise. Ptolemy argued on two levels. He accepted what may be termed a hierocratic relationship between the pope and secular rulers: ‘Just as the body has its being through the soul…so also has the temporal jurisdiction of princes [its being] through the spiritual jurisdiction of St Peter and his successors.’ 30 Indeed, ‘Kings and princes are in God’s place on earth; through them God governs the world as through second causes.’ 31 On the political level he used naturalistic Aristotelian arguments. He was an advocate for the republican regimes of Italian cities: for them a ‘political regime’ (regimen politicum) was suitable, that is rule by the many (dominium plurium)—‘This regime properly belongs to cities, as we mostly see in parts of Italy, and it once flourished at Athens.’ 32 He devoted the whole of Book 4 to this topic, supporting his argument with a host of examples from the history of the Roman republic. His aim was to mirror political reality, to which end he adopted a relativistic approach; for larger territorial units he accepted that a ‘royal regime’ (regimen regale) was suitable. 33 Political rule was adapted to those of ‘virile mind and daring heart’, such as were found in Italy. 34 Regal rule was acceptable, but political was better: indeed, political rule had been the only one in mankind’s state of innocence before the Fall, whereas royal rule was suited to his corrupt and fallen nature. 35
Remigio de’ Girolami (d. 1319), also a Dominican who had studied in Paris, was a central figure in the spread of scholasticism to Florence, where he taught for more than forty years. Dante was familiar with his ideas and probably heard him preach, although it is not safe to say that he was his student. Like Ptolemy of Lucca, Remigio argued on two levels. He held that secular power was derived ultimately from that of the pope, who would normally not act directly in the temporal sphere. He was by no means an extreme hierocrat, however, as his opposition to the Donation of Constantine showed.37 The achievement of the common good was the supreme aim of political life, because this was the only way in which peace could be attained. Remigio firmly subordinated the good of the individual to that of the community. To reinforce his argument he pushed it to rhetorical extremes: a citizen should love his city next to God and be prepared to be damned for his city if he could go to hell without sin. 38 In his De bono communi he also supported his thesis with examples from the history of the Roman republic.
Dante Alighieri (1265-1321), poet and political thinker, was a victim of this communal strife at Florence: he was one of the White Guelph party expelled in 1301 by the Black Guelphs, supported by Boniface VIII. He spent the rest of his life in exile. His experiences made him an opponent of the temporal claims of the papacy. The solution he proposed for the ills of Italy was the re-establishment of a strong Roman empire, to which end he became a fervent supporter of Henry VII during his invasion. Although much of Dante’s language is idealistic (and especially so in some of his political letters written at that time), it is beside the point to describe his ideas as unrealistic. Dante’s perception was that the emperor was the only person who could bring to the peninsula that peace which the warring republics, lordships (signorie) and the papacy had destroyed. In so doing the emperor would be making effective in reality the ultimate sovereignty which was his in law.
Dante wrote his scholastic tract Monarchia (Monarchy) between 1309 and 1313 to demonstrate the necessity for a strong imperial power in Italy. He divided his work into three parts. In the first he sought to show that one temporal monarchy was necessary for the well-being of the world. His approach was initially philosophical without any reference to the Roman empire as such. He was influenced by the Averroist contention that there was one intellect for the whole of humankind, although he would not have argued this idea through to exclude personal immortality. More exactly, Dante, following Averroes, envisaged a human intellectual potentiality which he called the ‘possible intellect’ (intellectus possibilis), and which could not be realised in its entirety by any one person:
It is the proper task of the human race, understood as a whole, always to actuate the total potential of the possible intellect, in the first place by speculation and secondarily by action, as the result and application of speculation. 39
For this to be achieved peace was necessary which could only be brought about by the rule of one monarch or emperor. 40 He supported his thesis with other arguments: justice is strongest under a monarch who does not suffer from cupidity, having nothing to desire, and who is the minister of all. 41 Although he held that the human race should be ruled by one supreme monarch and directed towards peace by a common law, he accepted that, within this overall framework, nations, kingdoms and cities had different laws in accordance with local conditions. 42
In the second part Dante sought to show that the Roman people acquired world empire by right. In so doing he gave powerful expression to the myth of Rome, deploying a mass of republican and imperial examples drawn from Roman history and literature. He argued that the Roman people was the noblest, and that its empire was brought to perfection by miracles willed by God. 43 The Roman people sought the common good: indeed, ‘The Roman people, in subjecting the world to itself, aimed at the public good.’ 44 Nature had ordained that Rome would rule the world, and Roman victory in the contest for world-empire must have been in accordance with the judgement of God. 45 Dante’s culminating arguments were religious ones. By being born into the Roman empire Christ recognised that it had been founded on right, and by becoming man had recognised the validity of the Emperor Tiberius’ decree that the whole human race should be registered. 46 Dante finished with a truly ingenious argument. For the atonement to be accomplished Christ had to be punished for the sin of Adam and the subsequent ones of all humankind. For such a penalty to be a true punishment, it had to be inflicted by a judge who had jurisdiction over the whole human race, which was being punished in the flesh of Christ. Tiberius (whose representative Pontius Pilate was) would not have had such jurisdiction if the Roman empire had not been founded on right. The Roman empire was therefore necessary for the atonement. 47
The third part of Monarchia was devoted to the relationship between pope and emperor: did imperial power derive from God directly or through the pope? Dante conducted a tour d’horizon of hierocratic arguments, rejecting the approach of the Decretalists on the grounds of their ignorance of theology and philosophy. 48 Having demolished to his own satisfaction the hierocratic interpretation of the sun-moon allegory, on the grounds that the moon did not depend for its existence on the sun, that it moved under its own power and shone by its own light, although it received more abundant light (and therefore greater power) from the sun, he concluded:
Temporal government does not receive its existence from the spiritual, nor the power which is its authority, nor even its operation as such; but it does receive help from the spiritual government to operate more powerfully by the light of grace with which the blessing of the supreme pontiff infuses it in heaven and on earth. 49
Dante proceeded to maintain that, although Christ was lord and governor of both spiritual and temporal matters, it did not follow that his vicar was as well. 50 He denied that the papal power of binding and loosing applied to imperial decrees and that the allegorical interpretation of the two swords as symbolising two forms of government was legitimate. 51 There then followed an extensive refutation of the validity of the Donation of Constantine, principally on the grounds that such division and destruction of the imperial power was impossible. 52 The empire did not depend on the church: the papal coronation of Charlemagne involved usurpation of a right, and in any case the empire existed before the church. 53 Furthermore, Dante could find no support in the Old or New Testament for priests involving themselves in temporal affairs. 54 Since Christ’s kingdom was not of this world, Dante concluded that The power to give authority to the kingdom of this world is contrary to the nature of the church.’ 55
Ineffable Providence has set before man two ends to aim at: the happiness of this life, which consists in the exercise of his own powers, and is symbolised by the earthly paradise; and the happiness of eternal life, which consists in the enjoyment of the vision of God (to which his own powers cannot rise unless helped by the divine light), which is understood as the heavenly paradise. 56
Two guides had been appointed to lead man to his two ends: the pope to bring him to eternal life through Revelation; the emperor to conduct him to temporal happiness through philosophical teachings. The task of the emperor was to bring his subjects safe to port in peace and freedom through the vicissitudes of this world. God alone elected and confirmed the emperor, and gave him his authority directly, yet, as Dante said in the last sentences of Monarchia:
The truth of this last question is not to be so strictly interpreted as meaning that the Roman emperor is not in some way subject to the Roman pontiff, since this mortal happiness is in some way directed towards our immortal happiness. Let Caesar therefore observe towards Peter that reverence which a first-born son should observe towards his father, so that, illuminated by the light of paternal grace, he may shine more powerfully on the world, over which he has been set by him alone, who is the ruler of all things spiritual and temporal. 57
This statement should not be understood as undermining Dante’s distinction between the two powers: he recognised the hierarchy of ends which they both served. Clearly his was by no means a secular approach but a Christian one, according to which temporal government (including that of the emperor), within its own this-worldly sphere of operation, in no way derived from the church, which had a purely spiritual function. There should, however, be a mutually benevolent and beneficial co-operation between temporal and spiritual authority because humankind’s earthly happiness led on to its eternal bliss. Temporal government was strengthened by the operation of supernatural grace.
Dante’s Divine Comedy, begun around 1313 and completed shortly before his death, was a massive poetic work of theological and scriptural allegory, expressed in the form of the poet’s journey into Hell, through Purgatory and into Heaven, but was also a vehicle for his political ideas. There was essentially a continuity of political views between the poem and Monarchia. 58 Dante set forth the heavenly empire (with God as emperor) as a model for the earthly, and stressed the emperor’s role in establishing justice and the ideal society in the form of the Roman empire. The obstacles lying in the way of the emperor were the church, and in particular the papacy with its temporal jurisdiction and wealth; the French monarchy; and Florence, the archetype of the corrupt and wealthy city. In the emperor’s absence, Italy lay in a pitiable condition, a horse without a rider; 59 only with a strong empire could there be peace and concord. Dante was highly inventive and lavish in the condemnation which he heaped on the papacy: he lamented the way in which the papacy combined both temporal and spiritual power, the sword with the pastoral crook. 60 He condemned the Donation of Constantine extensively, envisaging Christ as lamenting how ill-laden his little ship had become. 61 Constantine was however saved despite his disastrous Donation. 62 Most telling was St Peter’s speech regretting what had become of the church. 63 The church, for Dante, should be poor in terms of both possessions and jurisdiction.
The most remarkable political writer of the Middle Ages was a product both of an Italian city-republic and the university of Paris. Marsilius dei Mainardini (1275/80-1342/3) was born in Padua. He studied medicine, quite probably in his native city which was pre-eminent for such studies, and moved to Paris where he was made rector of the university in 1313. In 1316 and 1318 he was promised ecclesiastical benefices by Pope John XXII, in the expectation of which he was to be disappointed. He also served the interests of two great north Italian lordships: those of the della Scala of Verona and the Visconti of Milan. His most famous political work, the Defensor pacis (Defender of Peace), was completed in 1324. At first the lengthy treatise circulated anonymously. When Marsilius was identified as its author in 1326, he fled from Paris, accompanied by his colleague Jean of Jandun, to the court of Lewis IV of Bavaria at Nuremberg. Thereafter he actively supported Lewis in his conflict with the papacy, and went with him on his invasion of Italy. It is not known whether Marsilius’ brief text De translatione imperii (On the Translation of the Empire) was written before or after his departure from Paris. At the end of his life, he produced the short Defensor minor (Lesser Defender) (1339/42), a form of continuation and application of the Defensor pacis.
Marsilius confronted papal power head-on: in the Defensor pacis he focused on what he considered to be the true cause of the most real problem of his time—the disruption of the peace of Italy and Europe. He sought both to demonstrate that the papacy’s claim to plenitude of power was the source of strife, and to destroy the theoretical basis of that claim. The papacy and the clergy in general, he considered, should not pursue temporal power but should follow a purely spiritual life free of possessions and jurisdiction. In order to support his thesis he argued on both political and theological levels. These two approaches differentiated Discourse I, which sought to establish a general political theory by the exercise of reason, from Discourse II, which attempted, by the interpretation of scripture, to confirm Marsilius’ argument concerning the special case of the papal exercise of plenitude of power. Through this dual treatment Marsilius was following contemporary methods of intellectual debate at Paris, as, indeed, had Giles of Rome in the two tracts which we have considered. The extent to which Marsilius was or was not thereby reflecting an Averroist approach has been debated by historians. 64 Certainly, he was exploring two different ways of examining the overall question.
Marsilius’ technique was to argue from first principles; in the process he drew considerably on Aristotle, but interpreted him in his own way. In order to demonstrate what powers the clergy could not possess, Marsilius began by examining the origin, purpose and structure of the civil community. In so doing he produced a model of general application on a naturalistic basis. The purpose of this community was the sufficient life; 65 for this end, tranquillity was necessary, which was found when the parts of the community worked in harmony like the members of the body of an animal, a biological image reflecting Marsilius’ medical training. 66 The structure of government rested on the ultimate authority of the whole corporation of citizens (universitas civium) which was identified with the human legislator (legislator humanus), which in turn elected the executive or ruling part (pars principans) and could depose it. 67 The ruling part in turn established the other parts and offices of the community. This theoretical structure was very flexible and capable of being applied to a wide range of possible political communities. The pars principans could be one, few or more in number. Marsilius also habitually referred, unspecifically, to the corporation of citizens or its ‘weightier part’ (valentior pars), thereby raising the possibility that the legislator could be very restricted in number. 68 Furthermore, the legislator could always delegate its law-creating powers to one or more persons. The essence of Marsilius’ approach was to concentrate on the efficient cause—the will of the citizen body.
At the centre of Marsilius’ overall thesis stood his theory of law. Having examined the different meanings conventionally attributed to the term ‘law’ (lex), he concluded that in its proper sense it signified a coercive precept entailing punishment or reward in this world. 69 Marsilius’ emphasis on command as the constitutive element of law has caused an unresolved debate among modern historians as to whether he was a legal positivist. 70 If he were such, he would have been unusual indeed in the Middle Ages. In the course of his discussion on the nature of law he said,
Sometimes false understandings of what is just and beneficial become laws, when a command is given to observe them or they are made by means of a command, as appears to be the case in the lands of some barbarians, who have it observed as just that a murderer be absolved from guilt and civil penalty, on payment of a fine for such a crime. This, however, is absolutely unjust, and as a result their laws are not absolutely perfect. For although they possess due form, that is a command enforcing their observance, they none the less lack due condition, that is the proper and true ordering of justice. 71
It is possible that in these cases Marsilius was willing to accept such laws as facts and therefore valid. His overall view, however, was to understand law as conducive to justice and the common good. He had very great confidence that the human legislator, more than any individual wise man, would know and will those laws which were in fact best for it, just as an animal would pursue its own health and preservation.
Marsilius treated the civil community as a unity of order. To secure its survival, the government, he held, must also be a unity. 72 He saw clearly the characteristically medieval problem of competing jurisdictions. For Marsilius, the human legislator and the pars principans held the monopoly of the making and implementation of law. Although his model for the political community was naturalistic, he had in mind citizen-bodies which would in fact be composed of Christians. The human legislator had jurisdiction, including powers of appointment, over bishops, priests and clergy, and, indeed, control over all the externals of religion relating to the good of the community. 73 Since Marsilius was particularly sensitive to the way in which excommunication could be used as a weapon by the clergy to undermine secular government, he placed this penalty securely in the hands of the ‘faithful human legislator’. 74
The culmination of Marsilius’ argument, and his great intellectual coup, was to deny the validity of canon law, and, indeed, the possibility of its very existence as law in the proper sense. 75 Papal decretals were merely ‘oligarchic ordinances’ (ordinaciones oligarchicae): 76 they had not been issued by the sole competent law-making authority, the human legislator. With this breathtaking destruction of canon law, the whole edifice of papal plenitude of power came rumbling down. Marsilius was truly innovative in insisting that every political community must be a jurisdictional unity: there was, according to him, no possibility that temporal and spiritual jurisdictions could exist parallel to each other. There was, in short, simply no such thing as spiritual jurisdiction. Furthermore, the whole hierarchical structure of the church was no more, and no less, than a human institution: the pope, for instance, was to be appointed by ‘a general council or the faithful human legislator lacking a superior’; nor had Christ ordained that the pope should be the successor of St Peter. 77 Christ could have exercised coercive power, but chose not to, and certainly did not pass it on to his apostles: indeed, he forbade his apostles to have coercive power over one another and had subjected himself to Roman civil authority. 78 Marsilius was certain that the papacy was an historical product of human making, with its origins in Constantine’s Donation. 79 Marsilius’ insight was that the jettisoning of plenitude of power and all spiritual jurisdiction as dead lumber would signal liberation for both the church as well as the civil community: the priesthood could no longer purport to be able to free subjects from their oaths of allegiance, but, living a life of apostolic poverty, would be able to concentrate its efforts on its proper, spiritual mission.
Although Marsilius’ crusade against papal plenitude of power was his driving obsession and prime motivation, modern historians have been most divided about a secondary aspect of his thought. Was he, in his political theory, at heart a republican or a pro-imperial apologist? 80 Discourse I of the Defensor pacis, taken on its own, could certainly appear republican and, in writing it, Marsilius doubtless drew on his experience of Padua in his youth. Yet it could equally well be argued that Discourse I was primarily treating the political community on an abstract level of general application. Certainly, monarchy was treated there as a valid form of rulership; and in both Discourses Marsilius referred favourably to the French kings (and notably Philip IV) at the expense of the papacy. The justification for the pro-imperial interpretation of Marsilius is more complex. Towards the beginning of the Defensor pacis there was a form of dedication to Lewis IV and a later statement that the papacy, by impeding the proper exercise of imperial jurisdiction, had helped destroy the peace of Italy. 81 In his pro-imperial Defensor minor and De translation imperii Marsilius explained the origin of the empire with direct reference to his model for the establishment of governmental authority, as expounded in DP 1.12. The corporation of provinces had transferred to the Roman people the revocable authority to make laws for the whole world. The Roman people, thus constituted as human legislator, had then transferred its authority to the emperor (and could revoke it), with the result that ‘according to human law there is a legislator, that is the corporation of citizens or its weightier part, or the supreme prince of the Romans called the emperor’. 82
This overt identification of the human legislator with the emperor was foreshadowed in the Defensor pacis. Marsilius there referred in Discourse II to the ‘human legislator or the prince by its authority’ (legislator humanus vel ipsius auctoritate principans) and accepted that the legislator could be one or many. 83 Although it is essential to study both tracts for a proper understanding of Marsilius’ political thought, there are dangers in arguing backwards from the Defensor minor to elucidate the meaning of the Defensor pacis. The most likely explanation is that his commitment to the imperial cause developed further during his exile. In the Defensor minor he was, therefore, legitimately able to interpret the Defensor pacis in a pro-imperial sense. There is little justification however for maintaining that his intention, when he wrote the Defensor pacis, was to produce a model which could identify the human legislator with the emperor. The Defensor pacis illuminates Marsilius’ meaning in the Defensor minor, but the Defensor minor does not clarify that of the Defensor pacis. There was, however, a basic consistency between the republican and imperial aspects of Marsilius’ thought: in both cases the human legislator was the source of authority. The emperor, like other rulers, was appointed immediately by the legislator, but ultimately by God as remote cause. 84 Similarly, the seven imperial princes exercised their power to elect the emperor by delegation from the supreme human legislator of the Roman empire. 85 In any case, the coexistence of republican and imperial aspects in Marsilius’ political thought could be explained in a different and parallel way. He could also be reflecting the contemporary constitutional position in Italy north of the papal patrimony. In this area there existed a hierarchy of sovereignty, with the emperor being the ultimate superior and the remaining city-republics enjoying a range of freedom varying from autonomy to de facto territorial sovereignty. This interpretation would in no way derive the emperor’s authority from such cities, but would respect Marsilius’ view that the Roman people was the historical human source.
Marsilius’ fellow-exile at the court of Lewis IV, the English theologian and philosopher, William of Ockham (c. 1285-c. 1347), was also obsessed with the problem of the papacy, but approached it in a different way. Ockham was convinced that the church was faced with actual papal heresy in the case of Pope John XXII. The issue, in the first place, was poverty. Ockham was amongst those Franciscans who believed that John’s attack on the doctrine of the apostolic poverty of Christ and his apostles, most notably through the bull Cum inter nonnullos of 1324, was a rejection of the foundations of their order, as sanctioned by previous popes, and heretical. The nightmare, treated as a theoretical possibility by canonists, had become reality.
It is particularly difficult to assess Ockham’s political ideas. He was originally an Oxford-trained academic who, until 1324, wrote and lectured on theology and philosophy. In the mid-1320s he went to Avignon, where, probably at the command of Michael of Cesena, the Minister-General of the Franciscan order, he became involved in the poverty dispute with John XXII. Ockham also came under suspicion of heresy himself and was examined by a papal commission which considered theses in his theological works. Although he was never formally condemned, he fled from Avignon in May 1328, together with Michael of Cesena and his followers, ending up at the court of Lewis IV, first at Pisa and finally at Munich, where he was to spend the rest of his life. After 1328 he wrote, directly or indirectly, both against John (together with his successor-popes, Benedict XII (1334-42) and Clement VI (1342-52)) and also in support of Lewis in the latter’s struggles with the papacy. Amongst these works of the second stage of Ockham’s career were the massive Opus nonaginta dierum (Work of Ninety Days) (1332-4), concerning the poverty dispute, and the even larger Dialogus (Dialogue), which in Part I (1334) treated papal heresy and in the second tract of Part III (1337-) dealt with the rights of the Roman empire. In his Contra Benedictum (Against Benedict) Ockham attacked John’s successor for perpetuating his predecessor’s errors, and devoted the Breviloquium de principatu tyrannico (Short Discourse on Tyrannical Government) to a discussion of the nature and limits of papal power. Historians have disagreed profoundly about Ockham’s political thought, and notably about whether it is possible to relate his theological and philosophical ideas to his political views. Any assessment of Ockham’s thought is also hindered by his writing technique: it can be difficult to discern his opinions from the confusing mass of opposing arguments he presented in some of his works. 86
Ockham’s approach was radically different from that of Marsilius. In many ways Ockham was a non-political or even anti-political writer: he certainly did not think that politics was very important—to this extent he echoed the view of Augustine. Marsilius in contrast was a political theorist concerned with issues of peace and power, whose notions about the nature of the church and the parameters of its authority were the product of his political ideas combined with theological positions heavily influenced by the poverty movement. Ockham’s fundamental attitude was to consider truth more important than human authority. He was, therefore, very cautious about all human institutions and the capacity of individuals to act in accordance with their perceptions of the truth. He had great reservations in the face of political structures based on the exercise of power. Ockham’s watchword was the Gospel-liberty of the Christian; his contribution to developing notions of the rights of individuals, irrespective of status or rank was noteworthy.
Unlike Marsilius, Ockham did not deny the validity of papal jurisdiction, but sought to limit its scope. Ockham respected the papacy as a divine institution, but rejected papal plenitude of power as it had come to be exercised in his day. His view was that the pope’s power was primarily pastoral, but he did accept the existence of both spiritual and temporal jurisdictions, with the proviso that the pope and the emperor could each interfere casually in the other’s sphere—that is, in extraordinary cases of need or emergency. The tendency of his thought was to desacralise secular power, basing it normally on the original consent of the community, and to bolster the spiritual mission of the papal office. In effect, Ockham rejected Marsilius’ subjection of the church to secular control: whereas Marsilius had reached this position as part of the structure of his political theory, Ockham had no such confidence in the competence and goodwill of any government. It was, however, on the question of general councils of the church that Ockham most notoriously disagreed with Marsilius. The latter, through applying his model for the governmental structure of political communities to the church, located ultimate ecclesiastical authority in the faithful human legislator, which could summon a general council. Such a council could define doctrinal matters infallibly. 87 Ockham, in contrast, had no confidence in a body of this kind. He was highly unusual amongst medieval writers in denying the doctrinal infallibility of general councils. This position was an application of his attitude to truth and human authority. He had no confidence that the fathers of any general council would in fact be able or willing to determine the truth, which might reside instead in perhaps one Christian, maybe a woman or even an infant. With such an attitude, Ockham should not be seen as a forerunner of the conciliar movement in the church, although conciliarists were to use some of his ideas about general councils. 88
As a nominalist theologian, Ockham held that only individuals had any reality. This approach helped distance him from Marsilius’ views and underlay his respect for individual rights; but it also led him to reject the corporation theory of the ius commune, the other great intellectual movement of his time.
Fourteenth-century jurists of the ius commune sought above all to accommodate the texts of the Roman, canon and feudal law (as contained in the Libri feudorum) to their contemporary society. Their works reflected the whole range of existing forms of political organisation and government and, in particular, confronted the realities of power. In a specifically Roman law context, the school of the Commentators, originating in the late thirteenth century, developed further the application of Aristotelian methods of argument to the elucidation of the Corpus iuris civilis and was, as modern historians agree, the high-point of civilian jurisprudence in the Middle Ages. The school began in France: the works of Jacobus de Ravannis (d.1296) and Petrus de Bellapertica (d.1308), who both taught at Orleans, were particularly important in the early stages. The Italian jurist, poet and friend of Dante, Cynus de Pistoia (1270-1336/7), who studied partly in Bologna and partly in France, was influential in bringing the Commentators’ methods into Italy. There, civilian jurisprudence was dominated by a form of apostolic succession: Cynus taught the great Bartolus of Sassoferrato (1313/14-57) who, in turn, taught his younger colleague at Perugia, Baldus de Ubaldis (1327-1400): both in their day became the most famous jurists in Europe. An assessment of the contribution of the canonists in this period is less certain. The long-held assumption of a decline in the quality of canonist scholarship after the death of Johannes Andreae in 1348 must be questioned because of the standing of jurists such as Baldus de Ubaldis and Johannes de Lignano (d.1383) (both of whom were canonists and civilians) and of Petrus de Ancharano (c.1330-1416), Franciscus Zabarella (1360-1417) and Panormitanus (1386-1445). From the point of view of political thought, the emergence of a new genre of juristic writing, that of expert opinions (consilia), was particularly important because these were concerned with particular cases or questions which had arisen in practice. The collection of the canonist and civilian Oldradus de Ponte (d.c.1337) is the earliest that survives.
Juristic writers in this period developed further the already established trend of enlarging the scope of the ruler’s will in the making and application of law. In so doing they were emphasising the role of power. Yet, following previous juristic tradition, they retained the overall normative context for the exercise of the ruler’s will but refined the details of his right to derogate from higher norms. The general requirement of the ruler to have just cause in any such derogation remained, but increasingly there was a presumption amongst civilians, in the ruler’s favour, that he did have just cause. There was however some reluctance in canonist circles to accept such a presumption. On the thorny question of subjects’ private property rights the common juristic opinion was that such rights, being the product of the ius gentium, could only be removed or transferred by the ruler with just cause. Jurists, such as Jacobus de Ravannis, Petrus de Bellapertica and Cynus recognised, however, that in practice rulers did brush aside such a limitation, but held that they sinned in so doing. There was, however, evidence of another strand of juristic opinion which held that the emperor at least, through the exercise of his will alone, could remove his subjects’ property without cause, an opinion rejected by Bartolus as an infringement of justice but followed by Jacobus Butrigarius (c.1274-1348) and Baldus. 89
The normative limitations on the exercise of jurisdiction were not exhausted by the categories of natural law, divine law and the ius gentium: late medieval jurists also treated feudal custom as having the status of a fundamental legal norm. It became commonplace to treat custom, including feudal ones, as second nature. Indeed, jurists interpreted feudal law as providing a much more effective bridle on the will of the ruler than other norms. It is difficult to exaggerate just how deep-seated feudal attitudes had become amongst jurists and just how far legal relationships had, where relevant, become coloured by feudal characteristics. 90
The academic jurists produced a systematic treatment of feudal relations through commentaries on the Lombard Libri feudorum which the Glossator Hugolinus (d.1235) added after 1220 to the Corpus iuris civilis as a tenth collation of the Authenticum. This meant that the purely medieval phenomenon of feudal custom was henceforth firmly located within the structure of the ius commune, and came to be treated in a wide range of juristic discourse, including consilia. Although the scholarship of the Libri feudorum was academic law of a specific kind distinct from the differing legal expressions of feudal relations emerging in various parts of Europe and thus to some extent artificial, it nevertheless illustrated the tendency of medieval ius commune jurisprudence to address the needs of contemporary society. 91 Furthermore, the Libri feudorum was only one source for the influx of feudal notions into the ius commune: they seeped anyway into civilian and canonist discourse through the influence of late medieval socio-legal structures, deep mentalities and legislation, both secular and ecclesiastical.
The elements of contract, consent, and mutual rights and duties inherent in feudal relationships were accepted by jurists as axiomatic and therefore severely limiting the exercise of the ruler’s will. The civilian Guido de Suzaria (d.c.1290) was important in establishing the juristic common opinion that the princeps was bound by his contracts and privileges, including feudal ones, on the grounds that they were guaranteed by natural law and the ius gentium. 92 Baldus, who wrote a highly influential commentary on the Libri feudorum, said of the emperor in a feudal context: ‘God subjected the laws to him, but did not subject contracts to him.’ 93 Furthermore, according to Baldus, the emperor was bound by his predecessors’ feudal contracts and privileges because they were made by virtue of the imperial office. 94 The tendency of the ius commune was to protect feudal rights once established. The feudalising of relationships was also revealed at the highest level—that between emperor and pope. Originally the bond of faith established in the papal creation of the emperor had nothing to do with feudal notions. By the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, however, the papacy had come to see the coronation oath sworn by the emperor as being feudal in nature and thus imposing obligations on the emperor as a papal vassal. This view was encapsulated in Clement V’s constitution Romani principes (Clem. 2.9.1) of 1314, but had been rejected by Henry VII. But because of the reciprocal nature of the feudal bond, Baldus was able to accord to the emperor a right of armed resistance against the pope, if the latter acted unjustly in feudal terms:
The church has a reciprocal obligation to its vassal, and cannot harm him [i.e. the emperor] as regards his empire. Indeed the pope shows himself unsuited to his power if he does not render such justice to the emperor who swore fealty to him… And the emperor can defend himself with his army. 95
At a lower political level, Italian jurists had also to accommodate the way in which power relationships in Italy became increasingly feudalised, from the mid-thirteenth century onwards, through popes and emperors granting vicariates and other feudal titles to signori, the emerging class of lords drawn mainly from the feudal nobility, with the most notable case being that of the imperial dukedom of Milan, created by Wenceslas, as King of the Romans, for Giangaleazzo Visconti in 1395.
In the early fourteenth century, in one area in particular, notable advances were made in limitations on the power of the ruler: that of due legal process seen as a natural right. In 1303 Boniface VIII issued the decretal Rem non novam (Extrav. comm. 2.3.1), which decreed that a summons was valid even if the accused did not know of it. The summons was deemed to have been issued by being affixed to the door of the principal church where the curia resided. The pope had in mind cases in which it was either dangerous to deliver the summons or the accused would avoid receiving it. In his gloss on this decretal, Johannes Monachus (1240/50-1313) argued that a summons was a requirement of natural law: justice could not be served unless the accused were present in court. The jurist saw this right as part of the liberty of a Christian man. He was thus confronting a fundamental problem: the rights of the ruled in a hierarchical governmental structure. He was saying that the indigenous rights of a Christian imposed a normative limitation on the pope’s freedom of action as a ruler: Johannes had clearly understood the enduring theme of medieval Christianity that all the baptised were children of the free woman not the slave-girl, and that they had rights of liberty by virtue of their baptism, as Gregory the Great had emphasised. To reinforce his point, Johannes turned to the Aristotelian categories of despotic and political rule: he likened the government of the church to the political, in that it was exercised over free subjects who possessed the right of resistance, as opposed to the despotic, which was that of a master over his slaves. It has been argued that this gloss formed part of Johannes’ support for the reinstatement of the Colonna cardinals, curial opponents who had been deposed by Boniface VIII. 96
Due process next became one of the questions at issue in the conflict between Henry VII and Robert of Naples (1309-43), the Angevin king of Sicily. In the course of his expedition to Italy, Henry attempted to impose his authority on Robert who held his kingdom in liege homage from the pope. In September 1312, Henry summoned Robert to stand trial for treason in his presence, but without having the summons delivered to the king in person, his excuse being that his messengers would have been in mortal danger. When Robert failed to present himself within the time prescribed, Henry summarily condemned him to death in February 1313. Henry then justified his actions with two decrees: Ad reprimendum which stated that anyone committing treason against the emperor or the king of the Romans could be condemned in his absence in summary judicial proceedings, and Quoniam nuper est which defined who rebels against the empire were. Henry’s legislation was rapidly incorporated into the Corpus iuris civilis. Oldradus de Ponte, since 1311 auditor and judge in the Rota at the papal court at Avignon, produced, for Clement V, two consilia (numbered 43 and 69 in the printed editions) concerning the juristic aspects of the dispute between Henry and Robert.
In Consilium 43, Oldradus treated the issues of due process involved in the dispute. He argued that the accused had a natural right of self-defence which required a properly delivered summons. On these grounds, Oldradus was able to impugn the validity of Henry’s citation of Robert. 97 In Consilium 69, he argued that the empire was territorially confined and that kings outside it, like the Sicilian, the Spanish or the French, were not subject to the emperor. 98 Clement V was selective in his use of Oldradus’ arguments. In March 1314, he published the constitution Pastoralis cura (Clem. 2.11.2), in which he declared that Henry, through the way in which he had summoned Robert, had infringed due process by violating the accused’s natural right of self-defence. The pope thereby incorporated into canon law the principles of due process which had been enunciated by jurists and which, by this initiative, were to become firmly entrenched in the development of the ius commune. 99 Furthermore, according to Clement, the summons was in any case invalid because Robert was ordinarily domiciled in the kingdom of Sicily which was outside the territory of the empire, and for which Robert was the pope’s vassal and thus not subject to the emperor—a traditional papal argument.
The dispute between Henry and Robert also occasioned the papal constitution Saepe (Clem. 5.11.2). In Ad reprimendum and his subsequent definitive condemnation of Robert, Henry had applied the canonist procedure of summary jurisdiction encapsulated in the words ‘simply, plainly, without clamour and the normal forms of procedure’ (simpliciter et de piano, ac sine strepitu et figura iudicii). Clement’s annulling of Henry’s legislation and actions, on the grounds that they infringed due process, made it acutely necessary to define more closely what was meant by this formula in the interests of clarifying summary justice in canon law proceedings. Clement did this in Saepe which insisted on necessary proofs and legitimate defence, and stated that a summons was necessary. In juristic terms the long-term result of this dispute was the permanent canon law contribution to the ius commune doctrine of due process acting as a restraint on the power of princes. 100
The remaining form of limitation on the exercise of the ruler’s will was treated by fourteenth- and fifteenth-century jurists as having the status of a universally valid norm: the rights of the community, the iura imperii or iura regni. The jurists, in their discussions, were drawing on legal tradition underpinned by assumptions which were fundamental to medieval political ideas and which stretched back into late antiquity. These jurists stressed that emperorship and kingship were offices or dignities established with the specific purpose of securing the preservation and well-being of the communities which the ruler served. Such offices were immortal, as were the communities themselves, and were distinct from the mortal men who operated them. The power of monarchs was hedged round by the purposes for which monarchy existed, which could be summed up in the requirements of the common good. Two texts in particular served as a focus for the development of such ideas. A shortened version of the Donation of Constantine had been included in Gratian’s Decretum (Dist. 96, c.14) and, as a result of its discussion by canonists, had been introduced by Accursius into civilian jurisprudence in about 1220. A central aspect of juristic treatment of the Donation concerned the question of whether the emperor was infringing the duties of his office by alienating part of the empire to the papacy. 101 In his decretal Intellecto (X. 2.24.33), Honorius III (1216-27) had declared that the king of Hungary, by virtue of his coronation oath, could not make alienations prejudicing his kingdom and the honour of his crown. This text became the locus classicus for juristic elaboration of the inalienability of the kingdom’s rights. 102 Particular stress was laid on the king’s tutorial function which succinctly expressed his role of conservation and protection.
Although fourteenth- and fifteenth-century jurists placed an increasing emphasis on the role of the ruler’s will, the extent to which they elaborated this large range of limitations to his freedom of jurisdictional action underlined that they in no sense upheld a positivist theory of law. Although the language of absolute monarchy existed in the form of the distinction between the ruler’s potestas absoluta and his potestas ordinaria, he remained hedged in by normative limitations. But the perennial problem remained. The jurists intended such limitations to be taken seriously, but could a limited monarch of this kind be controlled in practice? It was at this point that the weaknesses of the juristic approach became apparent. All were agreed on the evils of tyranny: Bartolus, in his De tyranno, wrote one of the most sophisticated medieval tracts on this subject. 103 No legal problem was seen in the removal of a tyrannical signore by his oppressed subjects. As regards kings, however, responses were more circumspect: Baldus, for instance, accepted that a people could expel its king for tyranny, but that he still retained his royal dignity—that is, his office. 104 There was, furthermore, no juristic consensus about the pope’s claim to universal powers of judgement ratione peccati because of civilians’ fears that secular jurisdiction would thereby be eroded. Jurists were realistic about the problems of enforcing normative limitations, but they considered them to have real value in defining the boundaries of legitimate power.
In the fourteenth century, jurists further developed ideas of territorial sovereignty, but whereas previously the focus had been on kingdoms, now it included Italian city-states as well. The problem in Roman law terms was that in the Corpus iuris civilis cities enjoyed the status of municipia, licit corporations subject to imperial confirmation for their legal rights. The Glossators had, therefore, understood sovereignty to lie with the cities’ superior, the emperor. Even when Azo, for instance, admitted custom as the source for the full powers of jurisdiction of some Lombard cities, he had retained imperial consent through acquiescence as the ultimate validation. Amongst the early Commentators, Jacobus de Ravannis had admitted that some Italian cities recognised no superior, and Petrus de Bellapertica and Cynus had referred generally, but without approbation, to peoples who did not recognise the emperor’s sovereignty. But none of this amounted to an articulated civilian theory of the sovereignty of independent city-populi. Furthermore, canonist tradition had not produced a theory of the sovereignty of cities to match its justifications for the sovereignty of kings. It was the achievement of Bartolus to elaborate a theory of popular sovereignty to accommodate the political reality of independent city-republics. 105
Bartolus’ argument, building on the work of earlier Commentators, drew the full implications from the element of consent in popular law-making in the form of statute and custom. He saw that in the creation of law the consent of the people could act as a complete alternative to the will of the superior. Bartolus began his argument with customary law, which, being made by consent, did not require the authorisation of a superior. But statutes, since they were the product of the people’s express consent, were in consequence of the same force (paris potentiae) as their custom, which was their tacit consent: statutes also therefore did not need the authorisation of a superior. 106 Bartolus next took the crucial step of maintaining that consent as the constitutive element of the people’s law led beyond this to the non-recognition of a superior, the fundamental requirement for sovereignty. He held that the city which did not recognise a superior (civitas quae superiorem non recognoscit) was in the position of a free people (populus liber), a daring use of this term because he was applying it to Italian cities, which for him were certainly within the empire, whereas in the Corpus iuris civilis it signified an independent people outside the empire but possibly in alliance with it.
To indicate the complete independence of such a city, Bartolus produced his masterstroke by attributing to it within its territory the same powers of jurisdiction which the emperor enjoyed in the empire as a whole: it was a city which was its own emperor (civitas sibi princeps). This completed the argument because the emperor, in civilian terms the model for sovereignty, was thereby supplanted. There was no clearer way of signifying the sovereignty of such cities in Roman law terms. Through his understanding of the power of consent Bartolus had adapted the established formula for a sovereign king, ‘the king in his kingdom is the emperor of his kingdom’, into a form suitable for a corporate entity, the city-populus. Bartolus’ thesis should be seen within the context of the de iure-de facto dichotomy. His whole argument from consent justified the full legitimacy of de facto jurisdiction. For him the de iure and de facto structures of power existed in parallel. Cities could obtain jurisdiction de iure by imperial concession, which implied subjection to the emperor as superior; they could also exert their sovereignty by de facto non-recognition of the emperor as their superior, which would result in prescription or, in some cases, usurpation of imperial powers.
Baldus in his treatment of sovereign cities wrote in the context of Bartolus’ argument, but had an even clearer understanding of the role of popular consent in the establishment of de facto sovereignty. Baldus’ approach was distinguished by his integration of the ultimately Aristotelian concept of natural, political man into a jurisprudential structure. Previous and contemporary civilians had paved the way for this move. The entry of overtly political concepts into jurisprudence had been prepared by the community of terms such as civis, civitas and civilis in both legal and political science, and the way in which Roman and canon law had been seen as the subject-matter of political science before the reintroduction of Aristotle’s Politics. Reference to political man was made in the commentaries on the Proem to the Digest by the southern French jurist Guilelmus de Cuneo (d. 1335), Cynus and Albericus de Rosciate (c.1290-1360). Bartolus referred to political man in the sense of a freeman as opposed to a slave in a tract written at the end of his life, but, apart from one other use of the term ‘political’ in his commentary on the Code, otherwise used Aristotelian political categories only as a means of distinguishing between forms of government in his tract De regimine civitatis (On the Government of the City), where he went on to describe Aristotelian political terms as being not to the taste of jurists. 107 Baldus, in contrast, used the concept of natural political man in a systematic way to provide a philosophical foundation for the de facto argument. For him the ius gentium, being a product of natural reason in so far as it underwrote both the existence and sovereignty of city-states, was an expression of man’s political nature. Thus the Bartolist justification of city-sovereignty on the basis of the efficacy of popular consent, an argument resting on the acceptance of legal facts, was given an ultimate philosophical foundation beyond the ius gentium itself. 108
It is notable that neither Bartolus nor Baldus used the lex regia as the basis for their theories of the sovereignty of city-populi. It was a commonplace amongst late medieval jurists to discuss whether the lex regia had been revocable or irrevocable on the Roman people’s part: to this extent the text provided a focus for discussions of popular sovereignty. But jurists had a choice about whether they extended the application of the lex regia beyond the relationship between the emperor and the Roman people. Both Bartolus and Baldus considered the lex regia to have been irrevocable: their arguments for the sovereignty of cities were legal interpretations of aspects of the political reality which confronted them and not extrapolations from a historical event which they understood to have taken place in antiquity. 109
There were two main strands in the juristic treatment of kingdoms. In the first, there was further elaboration of the contention which denied the universal de iure sovereignty of the emperor. The Neopolitan jurist Andreas de Isernia (d.c.1316), in his commentary on the Libri feudorum (c.1300), argued that a king in his kingdom possessed the same power as the emperor in the empire, but in the sense that a kingdom and the empire were essentially the same kind of territorial body. The world, he maintained, had returned to its pristine condition before the conquests of Rome—that is, a plurality of kingdoms. 110 Oldradus in Consilium 69, justified the independence of kingdoms outside the territorially confined empire by arguing that the Roman emperor was not de iure lord of the world, because the Roman people, lacking any just title to dominion over other nations, could not through the lex regia have legally transferred any such authority to the emperor. For Oldradus, the de iure independence of kingdoms was based on the ius gentium. Indeed, that of the Sicilian and Spanish ones was further reinforced by the fact that their inhabitants had conquered their lands with their own blood. Similarly the king of France was subject to the emperor neither de facto nor de iure. Furthermore, Oldradus, giving considerable emphasis to biblical authorities, was unable to find any justification in the Old or New Testaments for the divine origin of the empire, and also rejected the papal claim to have transferred the empire: his grounds were that the church could not thereby have created a right which did not previously exist. 111
The second strand was that of the Commentators’ mainstream interpretation which retained the de iure sovereignty of the emperor. Jacobus de Ravannis had maintained that de iure sovereignty resided only with the emperor, whatever the claims of the king of France—a view supported by Petrus de Bellapertica. 112 Bartolus had neglected kingship in his commentaries, although, in his tract De regimine civitatis (On the Government of the City), he argued that different forms of government were suited to states of different magnitude, with monarchy being suited to one of the largest size. It was Baldus who treated kingdoms within the overall de iure-de facto structure which he had applied to cities. According to Baldus, peoples, deriving their origin from the ius gentium, could on this basis by the exercise of their natural reason establish, through election, their form of government—either republican in the case of cities or monarchical in that of kingdoms. The fully legitimate sovereignty of kings rested therefore on a de facto foundation. 113 Baldus accepted that the de iure and de facto structures coexisted in a peculiarly medieval form of hierarchy of sovereignty. For him the sovereignty of an independent king was of a higher kind than that of a city within the lands of the empire (terrae imperii) in Italy north of the papal lands, where it was always possible that the emperor might appear to exercise his rights.
As regards the other main form of territorial rulership prevalent in fourteenth-century Italy, that of the signori, there were marked differences of approach between Bartolus and Baldus. Bartolus was unsympathetic to them and tended to condemn them as tyrants. Baldus, in contrast, accepted that their existence was a political fact of life; indeed, for the last ten years of his career (from 1390) he served the greatest of them all, Giangaleazzo Visconti. Baldus accepted both de facto and de iure justifications for the rule of signori. He wrote several consilia in which he explored the legal implications of the de iure grant of an imperial dukedom to Giangaleazzo. Baldus held that his master exercised truly imperial powers and that in him the empire had risen from the dead. 114
The most significant contribution of fourteenth-century juristic thought, however, lay in the application of corporation theory to independent cities and kingdoms. The Commentators considered that a corporation (universitas) was at one and the same time a body composed of a plurality of human beings and an abstract unitary entity perceptible only by the intellect. The Glossators, in contrast, had almost universally identified the corporation with its members: as Accursius had said, ‘the corporation is nothing other than the men who are there.’ 115 The Commentators, however, saw the corporation’s human components not as mere isolated individuals (singuli), but as corporate men (universi)—that is, men seen specifically as united in a corporate whole, a view anticipated to some extent by Johannes Bassianus, Azo and, indeed, Accursius himself. The Commentators also understood the corporation to be a legal person distinct from the individuals who composed it. Thirteenth-century jurists had invented the use of the term persona to denote a legal person, with a particularly important role being played by Innocent IV. Through a constructive use of fiction jurists had created a legal entity with legal capabilities and a purely legal existence: the corporation was, in short, a fictive person (persona ficta). 116
Baldus, while following the same path as Bartolus, developed the political application of corporational thought further than did his master. In commenting on Accursius’ definition of the corporation, Baldus explained how the two aspects of the city-populus as a corporation combined: it was a collection of men into a unitary entity understandable only by the intellect, a definition embracing both the abstraction and the men who formed the material basis for this abstraction. Like all corporations, the people in its abstract aspect was immortal. Furthermore, Baldus viewed the natural, political men who composed it as corporate men: to be a citizen was to be a member of such a corporation. For both Bartolus and Baldus the city-populus as a corporation acted through the instrumentality of its mortal members organised in a structure of councils and representative elected officials. 117
Baldus also applied corporation theory to kingdoms in a highly effective manner. For him, the kingdom, quite apart from being a territorial entity, was identified with its members but was also distinct from them in that it possessed an abstract and perpetual aspect in the form of the universitas or ‘republic’ of the kingdom (respublica regni). This immortal corporation of the kingdom established a similarly undying legal person, the royal office, or dignitas, which it conferred on its mortal king for him to operate. This was the classic formulation of the doctrine of ‘the king’s two bodies’: Baldus considered that there were two completely different kinds of person in the king—one was human and mortal and the other abstract, perpetual and legal (his dignitas). As he said, ‘The person of the king is the organ and instrument of that intellectual and public person; and that intellectual and public person is the principal source of action.’ 118 The individual king acted therefore as the personification of his dignity.
Bartolus and Baldus, in their political application of corporation theory, produced state concepts which were clearly different from those elaborated by writers within the tradition of Aristotelian-based political science, which tended to identify the state with its members. For instance, Aquinas, as we have seen, understood the state to be a unity of order of its members. Furthermore, the juristic corporational approach was not acceptable to nominalist theologians or philosophers: Ockham, for instance, expressly rejected the jurists’ persona ficta concept because for him any group was identified with the individual human beings who composed it. 119 Baldus in particular, in so far as he treated territorially sovereign cities and kingdoms as transpersonal, abstract entities distinct from their members or government, made a crucial contribution to the development of what is generally seen as a hallmark of the early modern conception of the state. Yet his approach, in so far as he recognised a relationship between the corporation as an abstract entity and its material substratum of constituent human members, retained, like the Aristotelian tradition, an essentially organic conception of the state, although he could perhaps be credited with an abstract organic view. The step had yet to be taken to a fully early modern idea of the state as an abstract locus or apparatus of power entirely distinct from any human beings, whether its members or governors.
The conciliar movement of the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries marked an outright assault on papal monarchy as it had developed in the high Middle Ages. Although a movement as such can only be discerned from the period of the institutional breakdown in the government of the church, caused by the Great Schism, there had been a sudden surge of conciliar ideas in the years from the pontificate of Boniface VIII to the death of Marsilius of Padua. These ideas, and the movement into which they coalesced, were very varied, and indeed eclectic in their sources, covering a broad spectrum of opinion, and had an ancient pedigree stretching back to the councils of the early church and to the original practice of election by consent to ecclesiastical office. Justifications for conciliar ideas were produced from the Bible and church history. The ius commune, and high medieval canon law in particular, also provided a major source, both in terms of the treatment of the problem of the heretical pope and corporation theory. Conciliar ideas could be seen as having both a purely ecclesiological significance and as also being a contribution to political thought since they were concerned with the government of the church. Aristotelian political science was also drawn upon.
The context for the recrudescence of conciliar ideas was provided by the conflict between Philip IV and Boniface VIII, and its aftermath. In 1297 the dissident Colonna cardinals had already called for a general council to be summoned to annul the pope’s process against them. In March 1303, Philip’s minister, Nogaret, at a council of French bishops, had demanded that a general council be called to judge and depose Boniface on grounds of heresy and usurpation; this demand was repeated at a meeting of the French Estates held in the following June. John of Paris in his De regia potestate et papali (On Royal and Papal Power) agreed that a general council could depose the pope on the grounds that it implicitly represented the Christian people. 120 He also held that the pope could not determine dubious matters concerning the faith without calling a general council, because ‘the pope with the council is greater than the pope alone’. 121
It was, however, the canonist Guilielmus Durantis the Younger (c. 1266-1330), bishop of Mende, who expressed the most strikingly original ideas concerning the relationship between the pope and general councils. 122 He developed his views in the context of the French crown’s calls for a council to judge Boniface posthumously for heresy, simony and treason. In 1308, largely in response to the Templar crisis, Clement V did issue a bull of convocation of a council to take place at Vienne; in it he requested that bishops and archbishops should submit written reports of the reforms they judged to be necessary. Guilielmus wrote his Tractatus maior (Greater Tract) in response. In contrast to the Decretalists as a whole, whose works, before the Great Schism at least, showed little interest in the question of councils, Guilielmus manipulated a wealth of canon and Roman law knowledge to construct his theory. He proposed a fundamental change in the constitution of the church whereby councils should be regularly called every ten years: they would thus become a part of the church’s normal governmental structure.
This reform, if implemented, would in itself remove one of the pope’s greatest prerogatives of power: that he alone could validly summon a general council. Further, Guilielmus proposed that all general legislation in the church should take place only in such a council, and that the pope should not be able to dispense from conciliar decrees unless a council had been convoked. In addition he placed the pope under conciliar budgetary control. Guilielmus described his proposals as ‘reform in head and members’ (reformatio tam in capite quam in membris), the first time this established formula had been applied to the whole church. 123 He was placing the tightest curbs on papal sovereignty, as he overtly applied the principle of ‘what touches all must be approved by all’. His approach was essentially an episcopal one, reflecting the bishops’ claims to their rights which they held to be guaranteed by the status ecclesiae. Finding the Decretalists uncongenial, because they were papal monarchists, Guilielmus turned rather to the Decretum as a more suitable source for ideas favouring the rights of councils. In so doing, he imagined that he was recreating the conditions in the primitive church. His ideas provoked the firm opposition of Clement V. When Vienne finally convened in 1311, the pope managed to avoid the posthumous condemnation of Boniface; pressurised Guilielmus into reneging on his ideas by composing his Tractatus minor (Lesser Tract) in which he supported traditional ideas of papal power; and left the council with the structure of papal monarchy intact. The council did, however, place the call for reform, in head and members, in the context of the whole church.
Canonists writing in the first half of the fourteenth century, such as Guido de Baysio (c. 1246/56-1313), Johannes Monachus and Johannes Andreae, although they considered papal monarchy to be limited and not arbitrary, did not envisage any thorough-going institutional checks on the monarchical authority of the pope: in this respect, Guilielmus was ahead of his time.
Marsilius of Padua, as we have seen in his treatment of general councils, applied his model of the sovereign human legislator to spiritual as well as temporal affairs: the council so established represented the faithful. 124 Certainly, some of Marsilius’ ideas were to be used by subsequent conciliarists, but his destruction of the papal office in any meaningful sense distanced him from them because it was a distinctive characteristic of conciliarism to retain the office of pope while seeking to reform his relationship with the council, and thereby the church as a whole. According to Marsilius, the Roman bishop was to be set up by the faithful human legislator or the general council. In his Defensor minor Marsilius overtly rejected his opponent Ockham’s view that a general council could err. 125 Ockham was conservative about the papacy and, unlike Marsilius, considered it to have been divinely instituted. Although Ockham’s attacks on papal plenitude of power were to be used by conciliarists, he would only see general councils as being sometimes superior to the pope, in for instance the case of examination of a pope for heresy: for him such councils were not part of the normal governmental structure of the church.
The Great Schism, from soon after its outbreak, stimulated a renewed interest in conciliar ideas as one of the ways (and ultimately the successful one) in which the crisis could be solved. This phase of conciliarism culminated, in an institutional sense, with the decrees Haec sancta (1415) and Frequens (1417), issued at the Council of Constance. In Haec sancta (sometimes referred to as Sacrosancta), the general council declared that it represented the Catholic church on earth; that it held power directly from Christ; that everyone, including the pope, was bound to obey it in matters concerning the faith, the ending of the Schism, and general reform of the church in head and members; and that anyone, even the pope, who disobeyed the decrees of this or any other legally convoked council on such matters was to be punished. Frequens sought permanently to change the church’s constitution by decreeing that a general council should be held five years after Constance; that another should be called seven years after that one; and that such councils should thereafter be held every ten years in perpetuity. These decrees were the product of a massive debate which had been focused by the exchange of ideas at Pisa and Constance, and which could be divided into theological and juristic treatments. 126
Theologians at Pisa and Constance had to confront the problem that in canon law only the pope could call a valid general council: at Pisa, because neither papal claimant would do so; at Constance, because the Pisan pope, John XXIII, who had called the council, soon fled it in March 1415 in an attempt to discredit it. The solution put forward was that the church had the right of self-assembly to ensure its own unity. At Pisa, the Parisian theologians, Pierre d’Ailly (1352-1420) and his greater pupil, Jean Gerson (1363-1429), both argued that the letter of the canon law, as positive law, could be transcended for the good of the church by the application of the Aristotelian principle of equity (epieikeia); and that, if necessary, the general council could assemble without the authorisation of the pope. As Gerson said, conciliar authority was based on divine and natural law, not canon. At Constance, in his sermon Ambulate, in which he rallied its members after John’s flight, Gerson reasserted the council’s right to assemble without papal consent. 127
The overall theological tone of conciliarism at Constance was moderate. The general council was, indeed, held to be supreme because it represented the church; but the council did so in the sense that it contained within itself the church’s hierarchical structure: it was representative because it comprised senior ecclesiastics who were understood to represent the church by virtue of their office. D’Ailly, in his Tractatus de ecclesia (Tract on the Church) (1416) held that the general council possessed plenitude of power through representing the church in its totality: the council had, however, an ultimately directing and regulatory role, whereas the pope’s plenitude of power was of an executive and ministerial kind. Gerson had expressed much the same view in his sermon Prosperum iter faciat nobis (May he Have a Good Journey for Us) preached in 1415 when Sigismund, king of the Romans, had departed from Constance, for Spain, to try and bring about the abdication of the Avignon pope, Benedict XIII, or his abandonment by the Spanish kingdoms: the council had deliberative and determinative authority and could depose the pope whose plenitude of power was executive in nature—indeed, the council had doctrinal supremacy and had to be obeyed by the pope in all matters pertaining to the faith, ending the Schism and reform in head and members. In De ecclesiastica potestate (Concerning Ecclesiastical Power) (1416/17) Gerson gave the most mature expression of his views. The general council was the final seat of ecclesiastical authority because, being comprised of the various members of the hierarchical structure of the church, it enshrined all the church’s legitimate power which was greater than that of any individual member of the hierarchy; the pope was therefore subordinate to the council. Fullness of power was present in the church and therefore in the council which represented it and gave it form; the council could decide who was to exercise plenitude of power as pope, and regulate how he was to use it. The council could proceed without the pope and exercise all papal powers of jurisdiction.
The Great Schism posed a massive problem for canonists, precisely because the Decretalists had tended to develop ideas of papal monarchy and had given very little attention to the role of general councils. Canonists had a particular, professional problem in trying to cope with the requirement that such a council could only legitimately be called by the pope and that its decrees, to be legally valid, had also to be papally ratified. They became increasingly desperate as the Schism continued and, under the pressure of the necessity of ending it, came to contemplate solutions they would not have originally entertained. The intransigence of both popes made papal monarchy itself seem to be no longer the means, but rather a hindrance, to achieving the church’s well-being. A significant advance towards a juristic solution to the Schism occurred when the original rights and wrongs over Urban VI’s election in 1378 were seen as being no longer relevant in the circumstances of a prolonged schism, which had come to be perceived as a question of heresy and thus susceptible to a more straightforward canon law resolution. To bring about the deposition of the papal claimants for heresy it would be necessary to demonstrate that the calling of a general council did not depend on a pope.
Petrus de Ancharano represented this change in approach. In his canon law commentaries Petrus supported papal monarchical power. According to him, the pope did not have to rule with the cardinals and was supreme over a general council, except in matters of faith; indeed, such a council could only judge and punish the pope in the case of heresy. Between 1405 and 1409, however, Petrus wrote six consilia on ways to end the Schism. In the end, after initial reluctance, he came to support the Roman and Avignonese cardinals’ initiative in calling the Council of Pisa. The factor which led him to change his mind was the papal electoral capitulations: at the conclaves which had elected them, both Benedict XIII and the Roman pope, Gregory XII (1406-15), had sworn to work for an end to the Schism—by their own resignations if necessary. Petrus de Ancharano came to believe that both Benedict and Gregory, through their procrastination, had become perjurors by breaking the oaths they had sworn in making these capitulations. In 1408 Petrus gave his support to the conciliar way of ending the Schism. He now argued that the power to convoke the council had devolved to the cardinals because of the failure of the head of the church. He was willing to go further in this emergency: if the cardinals would not fulfil this role, then it devolved on the bishops, and then progressively to the clergy, and finally to the Christian people. At the Council of Pisa he gave an address justifying its legitimacy. He made it clear that details of the original reasons why the Schism had broken out were transcended by the guilt of those now continuing it. Benedict and Gregory were, in short, heretics. Petrus had come to espouse these views in response to a state of emergency in which the council was the living law on earth. Basically, he remained a papal monarchist, while acknowledging the capacity of the council to end the Schism and, if necessary in some future crisis, to use plenitude of power again. Petrus supported the efforts of the Council of Pisa in order to restore a strong papacy. 128
The final stage of the canonist response to the Great Schism was to be found in the development of a solution in terms of corporation theory. 129 Here the works of Franciscus Zabarella were of prime importance. 130 He had supported the cardinals at Pisa and played a leading role at Constance, where he had a hand in the drafting of Haec sancta. 131 Zabarella wrote an extensive commentary on the Clementines and a shorter one on the Decretales, together with some repetitiones and consilia. 132 From the point of view of the Schism, his most, important work was his tract De schismate (On the Schism) which put forward legal arguments in favour of a general council. This tract was included in his commentary on the Decretales and was written between 1402 and 1408. 133
Zabarella drew on the developments in corporation theory made by thirteenth- and fourteenth-century jurists. Particularly important were ideas concerning the relationship between head and members within the corporation and the question of the extent to which jurisdiction inhered in the corporation as a whole, when, for instance, the headship was vacant. Zabarella’s ideas were consistent with the dominant stream of corporation theory which located jurisdiction within the universitas itself, understood as both head and members. He was not associated with that strand of juristic opinion which placed jurisdiction solely in the head. In De schismate Zabarella explained the relationship between the pope’s authority and that of the church as a whole by applying corporation theory in a conciliarist way. Power lay ‘as if fundamentally’ (tanquam in fundamento) in the Christian community understood as a corporate body, and in the pope ‘as the principal minister’ (tanquam principali ministro) through whom this power was deployed. Zabarella held that the pope was made by the consent of the corporate body of Christians from which he derived his power. He maintained that, since the Schism had brought about a quasi-vacancy in the government of the church through the lack of a head, power lay with the congregation of the faithful. In this circumstance, the universal church as a corporate body was represented by a general council, a corporation itself within which the government of the church would be exercised by the weightier part of those present. Zabarella considered that it did not matter how a general council came into being: it was legitimate, once it existed, by the very fact that it represented the congregation of the faithful. It derived its legitimacy from that congregation, not from those who summoned it. At a stroke, this argument cut through the canon law requirement that the pope had to call the general council for it to be valid. The canon law rule derived from a view of church government whereby legitimacy was derived from the pope as monarch, to whose care the church had been committed by Christ. Conciliarist corporation theory provided a completely different model according to which Christ had given to the church, as a whole, authority and power which it in turn delegated to the pope: the physical expression of the universal church, for governmental purposes, was the congregated general council.
For Zabarella, the general council possessed the widest powers, because it represented the whole church: it could not err and had the task of correcting the pope if he fell into error. The inerrancy of the church was therefore focused on the council. Within his very wide definition of heresy, Zabarella included responsibility for continuing the Schism. He was certain that the council, as guardian of the faith, could judge the pope for heresy: in matters of faith the council was greater than the pope. The objection that the pope’s power derived from God posed no problem in Zabarella’s view, because he held that the council also acted by divine power and that, since the choice of which individual should be Pope was a human one, human beings could also depose individual popes: this constituted no threat to the divinely created institution of the papacy itself.
Zabarella also proposed a corporate headship of the Roman church, which he considered to be comprised of the pope and the cardinals together as head and members. Thus plenitude of power inhered in pope and cardinals as representing the Roman church. As a result, without the co-operation of the cardinals, the pope could issue no general legislation concerning the status ecclesiae: he had to consult them on all major matters. Zabarella held that the cardinals had the full powers of the apostolic see during a papal vacancy; when they elected a pope they acted in the name of the whole church. If a general council was to be called, the cardinals represented the universal church in the administration of matters leading up to its convening. But only a general council could depose a pope, not the cardinals on their own. As parts of the pope’s body, the cardinals ultimately derived their authority from the whole church: they represented the universal church and took its place.
Zabarella perceived that all ecclesiastical power, and most notably that of the pope, existed for the sake of the church and was limited for the sake of its overall spiritual objective. His analysis in terms of corporation theory was designed to reveal the most suitable governmental structure for the church: the superiority of the general council was the best means to bring the congregation of the faithful back to health and to keep it in that condition. According to him, the root cause of the church’s evils lay in not calling councils.
In the event, the lasting achievement of the Council of Constance was the ending of the Schism. In May 1415 it deposed John XXIII; in July of the same year Gregory XII resigned. It deposed Benedict XIII in July 1417, although he never accepted the council’s decision. In November of that year the required two-thirds’ majority of the twenty-three cardinals present at the council, together with six representatives of each of the five nations into which it was divided, elected Cardinal Oddo Colonna, who took the name of Martin V (1417-31).
The Council of Basel opened in 1431, seven years after that of Pavia-Siena in accordance with the requirements of Frequens. The pope, Eugenius IV (1431-47), was never happy with the council and tried unsuccessfully to dissolve it rapidly. The first phase of Basel lasted until 1437, when Eugenius declared it dissolved and transferred it to Ferrara in order to conduct negotiations for union with the Greek Orthodox church. The Council of Ferrara in turn was transferred to Florence, where in 1439 an ill-fated act of union between the Latin and Greek churches was made. The moderate elements (including virtually all the higher clergy) abandoned Basel for Ferrara-Florence. The radical majority remained at Basel: in 1438 they suspended Eugenius and in 1439 declared him deposed, thus creating a schism between the pope and the council. Even before Eugenius’ dissolution, the council had begun encroaching on aspects of the Roman curia’s powers of administration and jurisdiction.
The tone of the Council of Basel was different from that of Constance. In an attempt to demonstrate continuity, Basel swiftly reissued Haec sancta. But whereas membership of Constance was determined by office, that of Basel was far more egalitarian: the council decided its own membership by incorporation into itself, as an universitas, and voted by numerical majorities. The presence of a large number of lower clergy at Basel in part accounted for the fact that its conciliarism, especially after 1437, was more radical than that of Constance. Basel developed further the principle of conciliar supremacy: the council was the church’s sovereign body because it represented the congregation of the faithful which was the ultimate source of authority. The council, as the primary recipient of Christ’s authority, exercised plenitude of power over all Christians, including the pope, who was no more than the council’s executive minister. There was, however, a problem as regards Basel’s claim to represent the whole church. If the members of the council did not represent the church because of the offices they held, and if they were not elected delegates, how could their claim to be the assembled church through incorporation amount to true representation of the whole congregation of the faithful?
Two writers in particular exemplified the conciliarism of Basel. John of Segovia (1393-1458), sent as the university of Salamanca’s representative in 1433, served the council until its dissolution in 1449. John was the most typical and effective spokesman for Basel; with the departure of so many leading prelates in 1437 he rose to the front rank of practical and intellectual influence within the council. He produced a large number of speeches and tracts, and wrote his most famous work, Historia actorum generalis synodi Basiliensis (A History of the Acts of the General Synod of Basel), between 1449 and 1453. John held that conciliar supremacy had a scriptural basis whereas papal sovereignty was founded on human rather than divine law. Nevertheless he expressed his model for the government of the church in terms of a corporation theory which owed much to juristic thought, including the treatment of city-communes. For John, the relationship of the pope to the church was like that of a rector to an universitas: the pope was the chief executor of conciliar decrees—he acted as a public person so long as he served the public good. John located supreme power ultimately in the community of the faithful, and by delegation in the council: the pope’s power was derived from the sovereignty of the ecclesiastical community. 134
Nicholas of Cusa (1401-64), a German who had studied canon law at Padua, was incorporated into the Council of Basel in 1432 and submitted his lengthy work of political and ecclesiological theory, De concordantia catholica (Catholic Concordance), to the council at the end of 1433 or the beginning of 1434. In the early years of Basel he was a conciliarist, but changed over to the papal side in 1437. In the De concordantia catholica Nicholas argued that consent was the basis of all law and authority, because of man’s natural freedom and equality—hence his advocacy of the election of rulers and other representatives. Nicholas gave particularly subtle explanations of how all legitimate authority derived from both God and the people. All ecclesiastical rulership was instituted by Christ through the agency of human consent. The free submission of naturally free people was essential for the establishment of legitimate authority. This natural freedom was implanted in men by God with the result that all authority, which also derived from God, was recognised as divine when it resulted from the common consent of subjects. Nicholas held that, within the church, the union of the faithful, or the universal council representing it, was superior to the pope, the church’s minister. Nicholas’s consent argument was expressed within the overall structure of a harmoniously and hierarchically differentiated society in which authority was derived ultimately from God. His shift from a conciliarist to a papalist position was easily accomplished. 135
In the event, Basel turned out to be the last general council of the conciliar epoch. The death-knell was sounded for Basel as successive secular rulers abandoned it during the 1440s. Papal diplomacy was particularly effective in this respect because it presented conciliarism as having political implications in that it constituted a general threat to monarchy as such. 136 Conciliar ideas indeed survived, but the movement as such collapsed: Basel ended up by dissolving itself. At Constance, the church’s future had seemed to lie with conciliarism as the only practical solution to the reality of schism. In the process, fundamental changes in the structure of the church’s government had been enunciated; but once unity had been achieved with the election of Martin V the deep-seated momentum had left the movement.
The fifteenth century witnessed the gradual transition from the medieval to the early modern world in Europe, a transition marked by a subtle change in atmosphere for political ideas. The Great Schism and the conciliar movement marked the end of the medieval papal monarchy. Although the papacy survived, it had been badly damaged by the loss of prestige brought about through schism and by the conciliar challenge to its authority. The Renaissance papacy that emerged from this crisis was different in profound respects from what had gone before. The popes concentrated on reconstructing their temporal state in central Italy at the expense of their universalist claims. Secular monarchies in Europe also suffered many vicissitudes, but by the last part of the century a consolidation in monarchy could be perceived. 1 Early modern monarchical states were beginning to emerge with a greater concentration of power around the ruler than had existed in the Middle Ages. Furthermore, a fundamental change in intellectual milieu and sensibility resulted from the cumulative effect of the spread of Renaissance humanism from its beginnings in Italy in the early fourteenth century. This movement may most conveniently be defined as a group of disciplines based on the study of the literature of the ancient world and concentrating on grammar, rhetoric, history and moral philosophy. It sought to understand the culture of antiquity within its original historical context, and with its emphasis on classical Latin philology produced political writings of a markedly different tone from medieval ones. Humanism was as much a style as anything else.
Viewed from the perspective of continuity, however, there was no clear dividing-line between the political thought of the Middle Ages and that of the Renaissance: scholasticism, for instance, was as much a Renaissance phenomenon as was humanism. Well into at least the seventeenth century, the juristic, theological and overtly political works of medieval scholastics continued to be prime sources for the discussion of political thought: their ideas were quoted, followed, emended and rejected. The writings of, for instance, Francisco de Vitoria (c.1485-1546), Jean Bodin (1529/30-96), Francisco Suárez (1548-1617) and Hugo Grotius (1583-1645), amongst very many others, illustrated this trend. 2 The juristic legacy was, perhaps, the most important, because so many of those involved in government had received a legal education. For the practice of law on the Continent, scholastic jurisprudence remained the staple training: it was in no sense superseded by humanist jurisprudence. Medieval jurists retained a predominant influence in sixteenth-century Italy, as was also the case in Germany through the reception of Roman law; they also enjoyed considerable renown in French legal circles. As regards theology, the sixteenth-century revival of Thomism was particularly important for the development of early modern natural-law theories of the state. This is not to underestimate, however, the level of opposition that scholastic thought attracted and the denigration of Aristotelian methods that accompanied such attacks.
The Middle Ages made distinctive, long-term contributions to political thought. Most obviously, the notion of theocratic monarchy provided the basis for the later development of kingship by the grace of God into that by divine right, and, indeed, was the ultimate foundation of theories of kingship under the ancien régime. The medieval belief that all power in its nature and exercise existed within a normative context contributed to the elaboration of constitutionalist ideas and rights theories. The perception that absolute power, itself a medieval coinage, was nevertheless limited was to underlie early modern conceptions of absolute monarchy and to distinguish them from later and more totalitarian ideas of absolutism. Medieval treatments of government by the people as well as of monarchy were to provide material for later republican and royal theorists, as for instance in the French wars of religion in the sixteenth century. 3 In the Middle Ages, jurists made particularly important contributions to ideas of popular and monarchical sovereignty; they also, through their corporation theory, aided the development of ideas of the territorial state, whether city or kingdom, as an abstract entity. In some areas, medieval political ideas retained a particularly tenacious influence. Thomism remained a viable theological system into the twentieth century; the Corpus iuris canonici was only replaced as the law of the Catholic church in 1918; and medieval formulations of kingship by the grace of God still cause a distant echo in Britain today. In other areas the world passed on from the concerns which troubled the Middle Ages. So much of this book, for instance, has been devoted to conflicts and relationships between spiritual and temporal power. These questions were characteristic of the period because of the public position of the church in European power structures. Although such questions remained crucial in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, the changed position of the papacy in the context of the Protestant and Catholic Reformations, and the consolidation of territorial states of both confessions, meant that medieval notions on the subject became less and less relevant.
Although so much has been written by modern historians on aspects of medieval political ideas, and although the literature on the subject has been greatly increased in scope and sophistication in even the last decade, there is still a tendency, when treating the history of European political ideas as a whole, to give relatively scant attention to the Middle Ages. This book will have succeeded in its purpose if it has shown that an approach which, typically, concentrates on Greece and Rome, and then, after bidding farewell to Augustine, skips over the Middle Ages using Aquinas and Marsilius as stepping-stones to reach Machiavelli, omits a substantial part of Europe’s political thought. The Middle Ages were the seed-time of European civilisation: without a knowledge of them, it is not possible fully to understand political thought in later centuries.
Ecouponshop.com, Pehchan Wahi Soch Nayi…… Why You pay full prices? when Ecouponshop offer you to get big & attractive products with great discounts. If you bearing in mind saving, your at the right website. We created a one-stop location when you plan to shopping online.
I have over 15,000 exclusive pictures in over 200 seperate sets inside as well as over 100 videos of me in my most intimate scenes ever!
Tribal, two headed giants, also known as Ettins live in nomadic bands of three to ten. Fighting with clubs and rocks, Ettins will enlist in Hobgoblin and Orc armies. They avoid and dislike Giants because Giants have better weapons and tactics and enjoy making Ettins slaves. An Ettin band is lead by the wisest and strongest one. But sometimes another Ettin that believes it is stronger will rise up and challenge the current leader. Then the two fight until one is destroyed or runs away in terror. When a defeated Ettin does run away, it becomes an outcast, settling down in an area where it withers its life away talking to itself, until it becomes crazy.
Nudist Girl Video 8: Honored to have my submission included! You can find Munchkin products at Munchkin. Shine Nude Teen Scale up look on a young lady sleeping with her head on a table after long hours drawing session at Close-up portrait of a girl does her homework.
DMCA: dwih.info is not responsible for the content on sites that is linked to. All img and videos on dwih.info are believed to be public domain. If you have a problem with a site that is linked to, or if you own copyrights on an image or video posted on dwih.info, please email: [email protected], and it will be removed.
The stock rose 0.14% or $0.12 reaching $84.37. Nikko Asset Management Americas Incorporated holds 113,900 shares or 0.59% of its portfolio. Hhr Asset Management Llc decreased Salesforce Com Inc ( CRM ) stake by 2.92% reported in 2017Q2 SEC filing.
January will see the return of the Overwatch Open Division with the same regional split as the Contenders League, with the top 4 teams in Open from each area being included in a Contenders Trials Relegation tournament, which will feature a total of eight teams and be at the end of each Contenders season.
In 2008 filed documents, Congressman's representatives stated that Al Green's former staffer Lucinda Daniels has reportedly threatened to go public with her legal complaints if the Congressman does not pay her the said amount. One America posted a three-minute report October 19 covering Green's long-forgotten case, titled "Democrat Rep. Al Green's secret sexual assault allegation".
The deadline for filing nomination papers comes to an end at 3 pm on Monday for legislative council seat vacated after resignation of Narayan Rane. Chavan also termed his party candidate for the by-poll Dilip Mane as the consensus candidate of all opposition and expressed a confidence that he would be able to garner support even from the Shiv Sena .
Top on the list of the heads of state attending Mr Kenyatta's second and final term swearing-in has Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, whose office was quoted by the Times of Israel saying he will land on Tuesday morning, and leave later in the afternoon.
The stench and filth of many Chinese toilets horrifies foreigners. Although western-style seating loos are becoming more common, most public toilets, especially in the countryside, are squat-style holes in the ground with no running water or toilet paper.
In her ruling , Kollar-Kotelly wrote that the military must continue to follow policies established by former President Barack Obama's "June 30, 2016 Directive-type Memorandum", which allowed transgender individuals to enlist beginning on January 1, 2018, and allowed them to serve openly and receive the required medical care for their gender transition through the military.
The three catamaran-style ferries were expected to arrive at the North River Shipyard in Nyack by Tuesday morning for inspection and/or repairs, Conroy added. This particular ferry has been used before and there have not been any problems reported in the past. Police say the rescue happened Monday evening just off a pier near the South Street Seaport in lower Manhattan.
The cause of death is unknown. The Canadian Union of Public Employees (CUPE) tweeted: "It is with great sadness that we learn of the sudden passing of Dauphin Mayor Eric Irwin ". Irwin was also the president of Dauphin's Countryfest, one of the largest music festivals in Manitoba. "Words can not express how we are feeling as this is a huge loss to our Countryfest family", the Facebook post from the festival states.
Okafor is in the final year of his rookie deal after the 76ers chose not to pick up a contract option for next season. Earlier in ths season, Okafor expressed his desire to be traded or bought out by the team. Wojnarowski also reports that more than half of the National Basketball Association teams would be willing to take on Okafor as a long-term project, but prefer to wait until free agency rather than giving up an asset to get him.
The investment professionals in our partner's database now have: 337.64 million shares, up from 84.76 million shares in 2017Q1. Dock Street Asset Inc holds 4.1% or 57,988 shares in its portfolio. CPRT was included in 21 notes of analysts from January 15, 2016. Robert W. Baird reissued a "buy" rating and issued a $44.00 price target on shares of Copart in a research note on Friday.
Fred Alger Mgmt holds 1.89M shares. (SFST) has risen 34.98% since November 27, 2016 and is uptrending. Samlyn Capital Llc decreased Oracle Corp (Call) ( ORCL ) stake by 19.78% reported in 2017Q2 SEC filing. Denali Advisors Ltd Liability Corp holds 2.86% or 349,000 shares in its portfolio. Riggs Asset Managment Inc owns 4,081 shares for 0.09% of their portfolio.
A favourite of tourists from around the world, the changing of the guard is normally carried out between Foot Guards from the Army's Household Division regiments, wearing their signature red tunics. It is the ceremony where one set of guards - the Old Guard - hands over the responsibility of protecting Buckingham Palace and St James's Palace to another set of guards - the New Guard.
The teenager declared himself as an ISIS soldier and penned down a "martyrdom letter" before planning a massacre at the venue. He had also reportedly researched possible targets including the Cardiff Castle, a theater, a library, a shopping center, and the Bieber gig, which took place in June.
There were no other ballots received throughout the day other than one, hand-delivered ballot. Now that votes are certified, recounts could be on the way. "We are pleased the State Board of Elections finally fulfilled its statutory duty and unanimously certified the election results in House Districts 28 and 88, but are disappointed it took over a week, a strong signal from a federal judge, and the threat of a state suit to get them to act", said Del.
General Zhang Yang, a former head of the powerful Central Military Commission's (CMC) political work department, committed suicide last week, Chinese state media reported on Tuesday. Guo was jailed for life past year. The CMC chose to hold "talks" with Zhang to investigate his involvement in the cases of Guo and Xu, two corrupt former CMC vice chairmen, on August 28, according to the CMC.
Amnesty International said Lee Ming-che was a victim of a politically motivated prosecution and that the evidence against him was not credible. On March 29, he was reported to have been arrested but his whereabouts remained unknown until May, when the charges against Lee of subverting state power were made public.
He was one of six other Democrats who called for Trump's impeachment just two weeks ago. The long serving IL lawmaker has also joined a number of his colleagues on the House Judiciary Committee in calling for Trump's impeachment. Others not now holding an office were also said to be interested. Cook County Board Commissioner Chuy Garcia and 35th Ward Alderman Carlos Rosa are both possible candidates.
November 27. The driver of the minivan involved in the crash suffered critical injuries, prompting emergency crews to call in Ornge Air Ambulance. The man succumbed to his injuries. The dump truck driver was also hurt, although their life was never in danger. The highway has been closed between the two concessions. The roads reopened several hours later around 4:30 p.m.
Israel's security forces have "successfully completed a naval exercise, in which the Naval "Iron Dome" Aerial Defense System was deemed qualified for operational use in the IDF (Israel Defense Forces)", the statement read. The system "adds another operational layer" to Israel's multi-tiered air defenses, joining the long-range Arrow 3 system and mid-range David's Sling, which were each made operational earlier this year, said Brig.
Six Russian Tu-22M3 long-range bombers conducted air strikes on Islamic State targets in Syria's Deir Ezzor province on Sunday. The Observatory relies on a network of sources inside Syria, and says it determines whose planes carry out raids according to type, location, flight patterns and munitions used.
Glowing light of hot lava is seen during the eruption of Mount Agung as seen from Amed in Karangasem, Bali, Indonesia, November 27, 2017. The Indonesian government has ordered an evacuation of the area within six miles of the volcano after the threat level was raised to the highest rating.
It was the first unsafe encounter for a US military aircraft in months. In June, a Russian jet came within five feet of a U.S. reconnaissance plane near the Baltic Sea-with a Russian SU-27 "rapidly" approaching a U.S. This weekend's unsafe interaction is the first unsafe encounter in months involving a Russian aircraft. Such was the case in May over the Black Sea when a Russian fighter's coming within 20 feet of a P-8 aircraft was deemed "safe and professional".
Cllr Mary Clarkson (Lab), who proposed the motion, told the BBC: "Oxford has a long tradition of being a diverse and humane city, and our reputation is tarnished by honouring those who turn a blind eye to violence". Almost all of Myanmar's 1.1 million Rohingya live in the western coastal state of Rakhine. In 2012, deadly clashes with Buddhists in Rakhine caused 140,000 Rohingya to flee their homes.
A UK Alert was not issued, because "the incident in question was handled so quickly that an alert would not have been effective in this case", Capilouto said. The man has been identified as Diontre Davis. Other charges are expected to be filed. "I want to applaud the responsiveness of our UK Police Department", Capilouto said.
Of the remaining uncounted votes, more than 90 percent are in counties where Sinema now leads, and only about 16,000 are in counties where McSally is ahead. Attack ads by both sides clogged the airwaves for months. Sinema ran as a nonpartisan centrist. McSally told The Arizona Republic that Sinema "has a lot of explaining to do if you look at her Green Party-pink tutu, proud Prada socialist past and her extreme makeover".
Trump later was attending a leaders' lunch hosted by Macron. Conceived by French President Emmanuel Macron , the Forum is meant to highlight the importance of global institutions in helping resolve conflicts, avert wars and spread prosperity.
That's why I voted to start the Article 50 process and for two years have backed the prime minister in her efforts to secure the best deal for the country. He told the BBC: "When we get the final deal, and it feels like that's not very far away, Cabinet ministers will have to look into their hearts and see whether or not they feel they can support it".
Lee can be seen most recently in Venom where he made a cameo at the end of the movie encouraging Eddie Brock to win back his ex-fiancee. Sadly, Lee's wife Joan passed away in July of previous year , and since then, there have been rumors of elder abuse, in addition to his suing his ex-business manager.
Conditions are forecast to become a little more conducive for formation by Tuesday, Stewart stated. A new weather system is brewing in the Atlantic, the National Hurricane Center has announced, with potential development into a cyclone or subtropical cyclone by midweek.
Stan Lee , as Neil Gaiman just put it, was the "happy huckster" Marvel needed, but he was - indeed - a huckster in a lot of ways. "What a life and what a thing to have achieved", the Spider-Man star wrote on Instagram . "We will greatly miss our friendly neighborhood Stan Lee ". His work converted Marvel into a comic book juggernaut, and eventually into the multimedia behemoth that has created the highest-grossing superhero movies of all time.
Based on satellite images analysed by Centre for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), the report detailed 13 of the suspected 20 hidden sites, which are mostly scattered in the country's remote mountainous areas. "President Trump has made clear that should Chairman Kim follow through on his commitments - including complete denuclearisation and the elimination of ballistic missile programmes - a much brighter future lies ahead for North Korea and its people", a spokesman said in a ...
Archives Select Month April 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 August 2015
Вы покупаете официальный ключ игры Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 от компании Activision Дата выхода - 07.11.2011 Локализация - на русском языке Региональные ограничения - для использования на территории России, Украины и стран СНГ Редакция - Стандартная версия, не содержит дополнительного контента
Welcome to the Sabz Ziarat google satellite map! This populated place is situated in Velayat Ghowr, افغانستان. Original name (with diacritics) of the place is Sabz Zīārat. See Sabz Ziarat photos and images from satellite below, explore the aerial photographs of Sabz Zīārat area. This placemark was added 2005-09-21.
Sabz Ziarat Singles. Date and find singles is the best online singles dating directory of local dating sites and personals for meeting and dating singles in your area.
We experience reviewed the best Net Security applications of 2018. The best security sellers present protection fits that assimilate a variety of features. The total antivirus security protection software evaluation deals with these wants plus more, aiding you to decide which of the top rated virus safety programs fits your necessities. Many anti virus is going to simply verify validations meaning, they hash the application and compare it to the repository of hashed courses to verify if the code is the same and for this reason is usually malicious, so that as you AV retailer detects cutting edge malware, most of the other folks do too. That being explained, you want a great ant-virus resolution that is great for Home windows 10 structured banking. In addition , most rated antivirus programs advise and established up a full system scan once a week to make sure that the most up-to-date virus meaning files prefer scan your whole body for virtually any previously downloaded heavy malware.
This is what truly rounds this antivirus security software in addition to the other folks inside the IT protection sector. Bitdefender Anti virus As well as remains a high decision in terms of protecting the Computer’s security. Seeing that it won’t interfere with classic antivirus security software programs, we all advise you operate both equally applications for the purpose of the greatest protection. Extraordinarily, to get a reliability suit, a VPN center is usually included with this program, encrypting the online world traffic you send around for up to 2 hundred MB daily. It is usually also certainly one of only three antivirus programs we evaluated that involve a VPN, so that you can do the job on the web and not have your browser background traced, captured or logged.
Malware is important, but these days and nights, they have extra important that you use a very good anti-exploit application to protect your web web browser and plugins, which are the many targeted simply by attackers. ZoneAlarm Mobile phone Security delivers all of the of the capabilities of ZoneAlarm’s antivirus program, in a effective app to defend your android os device and iOS system. We went the test too many times during each of four scenarios: before an application was mounted, after set up nevertheless while not scanning, within a full check out and during a timely study. You can go for the paid out version’s trial if you need to advanced features like cross-platform coverage, secure on line trades, youngsters security, pass word supervisor, and so forth
On the other hand, heavy users, those of you banking on line, or performing net purchases together with your credit rating cards, will most likely appreciate the extra safeguards provided by simply having added security features in the collection. For the reason that a final result, web security is more significant than ever before, and the best cultureubridge.com anti-virus is a good place to begin if you need to stay secure. My PC is not really strong, and when I noticed this getting slow sometimes, I just checked and Win Defense was busily scanning my own travel even inside zipper files once none of browse had been planned or wanted. We science lab test and examine the latest antivirus security software software intended for Windows and Mac that will help you find the best desktop security formula for you.
The goal of no cost antivirus software is to prevent installation of, identify and remove harmful software program also best-known as malware. While the staggering improvement of spyware is distressing, looking at digital risks to contagious ailments provides a few context to the risk internet users encounter. Bitdefender Antivirus software In addition gives superb spyware security, because demonstrated simply by its wonderful results by a large number of indie diagnostic tests labs. Any kind of malware ought to get rid of spyware together with other types of malware, sometimes items consist of features engineered especially for adware protection Features like encryption to take care of your delicate data and web cam control to stop remote peeping commonly be present in industrial goods, not really free of charge types.
In case the distinction is so simple, can it be in the same way all to easy to develop a great hr administration article? Basically, it is actually.
Di'angelo (also spelled incorrectly as Di'Angelo) is the animated series featuring the title character and his many friends and enemies. The First Season consists of 20 episodes. The Second Season consists of 10 epsiodes currently. The shows starts with the episode Pilot. A fourth season was announced June 25, 2013, on Di'angelo's Facebook by Rigbybestie. A fifth season was announced on October 3, 2013, first on Rigbybestie's page, then later on Di'angelo's Facebook page. A final sixth was announced April 30th, 2014 on Rigbybestie's Facebook page, but no mention on Di'angelo's Facebook page.
Di'angelo is about the adventures of Di'angelo, a stuffed dog and his friends (who, most of them, are stuffed dogs/animals themselves). They mainly live in a house with Sonja, but they have an outside world for themselves, that they also live in. The place is secret to most people, but the only person that seems to know about it is Sonja. In that place, all kinds of things happen and many magical/mythical creatures live there, good and bad.
The show has a simplistic design with the background having little to no detail and very few background objects, as it's hard for the creator of the show to make the show. The design-less backgrounds also date back to the comic's plain background, that usually only features something that's relevant to the storyline (i.e. doors, beds, tables, sofas, etc.). The show will at times have fully designed backgrounds, painted by another artist.
The show with be produced in Flash Adobe Flash, because according to Rigbybestie: "...it has the type of animation I want. It has the bounciness and fluidness of traditional and allows me to actually draw, without the need of puppets (like many other Flash shows)."
The episodes are developed out of order, due to Rigbybestie being interested in random ones at different times, however, they will be aired in order on TV.
This is the only series made by Rigbybestie not to have all of the seasons autoconfirmed before the show starts, having a late Season 4 added in June 2013, Season 5 added in October 2013, and Season 6 added in April 2014.
(Note: These episodes are placed out of order temporarily, due to the time the episode were created.)
Birds of a Feather - All of the birds from The Aviatory go missing and Di'angelo's only help is an annoying parrot.
The Fastest Dog in Utopia - Di'angelo's challenged by a rival dog on who's the fastest in all of the land.
Environmental Equines - The special equines that take care of Utopia's many resources (rain, sunshine, etc), visit Dog Town and Di'angelo thinks he can try out for them.
Lizard Patrol - When bugs overflow in Dog Town, a horde of lizards come to help. But, are they really there to help?
Not Dressed For Success - Malti and Clover both compete in a fashion show, but only one of them can win. Will they screw it up?
A Very Merry Di'angelo Christmas - A new puppy, Happy, comes to town and Di'angelo feels neglected (because he's ignored for him), until another puppy Merry comes and cheers up Happy, who wasn't so happy without a friend.
Winter Solstice - Utopia freezes over every winter and Sandie's food supply is running low for her friends, so they decide to crash at Sonja's house to eat (and stay alive).
Di'angelo in the Big City - Di'angelo and friends tag along with Sonja on her trip to New York and have to run away from a Rare Stuffed Animal collector.
Adventures in Di'angelositting - Di'angelo has to watch Cecilia while his parents are out of town. And, the little bundle of joy proves to be a big pawful...
How To Get To Know Your Di'angelo Better - Sonja meets the perfect friend and he's got only ONE problem... he's afraid of dogs.
Party of the Century - Di'angelo wants to throw the best party of the century, but everything seems to go wrong for him.
Music in Dee - Di'angelo wants to sing in a chorus, but Sparki keeps teasing him for his... effeminate singing voice.
Sandie's Slumber Party - Sandie goes to Malti's slumber party and hates all of the girliness of it. Can she enjoy herself there or leave?
The Pie's The Thing - There's no pie or sweets anywhere in Dog Town and Riggles goes... insane from it. Just to say the least.
Gypsy Song - A mysterious gypsy comes to Dog Town and Di'angelo's suspicious of her strange ability to make all of the children happy with her song...
To Dee or Not to Dee, That Is The Question - Di'angelo has to be in a play and his character has to wear PANTS. Oh, the horror!
The Dog Show - Sonja enters Di'angelo into a dog show and he almost ruins it with the way that he acts. Or maybe, it might have helped him...
Puttin' On The Blitz - Sandie introduces her cousin, Blitz to Di'angelo and he becomes jealous because he thinks Blitz will come in between her and his relationship.
Sonja Moves In - Sonja feels like she stays in Utopia enough to get a house there and Di'angelo arranges it.
Wish Quest - Di'angelo hears about a genie that can give wishes and he and his friends go out to find him. (Season Finale)
The Di'angelo Movie - The whole life and times of Di'angelo and friends from birth, to childhood, to meeting each other, befriending each other, up until now. A whole look back on all of their lives and why they are the way they are now.
Out of Character - Di'angelo keeps bragging about how much better he is than Domino, infuriating the latter and Domino vows revenge. After getting a special hoagie from Xalia, the brothers switch bodies, much to the delight of Domino and horror to Di'angelo. After Domino brags about his new abilities and Di'angelo brags about his....... not so good abilities, the two get into a back and forth battle, unknowingly ruining their new bodies in the process. Will the two stop acting like children and switch back?
Sparki The Ninja - Sparki wants to be a ninja... and fails miserably. Will he ever fulfill his dream?
Tall Tails - Scottie boasts about all of glorious adventures in Utopia Scotland and Milo believes it's all
Shopping Fever - Sonja introduces Di'angelo to shopping in the Mall and they end up getting addicted to it.
Girl Gets Dog Cock is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Orijen Dog Food Reviews is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The Blackfish SQL Developer's Guide describes how to create Blackfish SQL applications. It is available for download at http://cc.codegear.com/Item/24980.
Blackfish SQL is a high-performance, small-footprint, transactional database. Blackfish SQL was originally implemented as an all-Java database called JDataStore, which is now called Blackfish SQL for Java. Blackfish SQL was ported from Java to C#. The C# implementation is called Blackfish SQL for Windows and is supported in RAD Studio 2007.
Blackfish SQL emphasizes database performance, scalability, ease of use, and a strong adherence to industry standards. Blackfish SQL capabilities include:
High performance and scalability for demanding online transaction processing (OLTP) and decision support system (DSS) applications
Blackfish SQL is the name of the product, its tools, and of the file format. Within RAD STudio 2007, there are assemblies that includes a DataStore class.
Blackfish SQL for Windows and Blackfish SQL for Java are compatible, though some restrictions apply. The database file format is binary-compatible between the two. The database clients and servers are interchangeable. Windows clients can connect to Java servers and Java clients can connect to Windows servers. However, because the Blackfish SQL for Windows implementation is more recent, some Blackfish SQL for Java features are not yet supported for the Windows version.
The administrative capabilities listed below are not yet supported in DataExplorer for Blackfish SQL for Windows. Use SQL commands or Blackfish SQL built-in DB_ADMIN stored procedures to complete these tasks. For details see the Blackfish SQL Developer's Guide at http://cc.codegear.com/Item/24980.
Two classes are available, DB_ADMIN and DB_UTIL. These methods can be called from SQL using the CALL statement. They can be called without creating a METHOD alias, because the Blackfish SQL dialect recognizes methods in DB_ADMIN as built-in methods.
DB_ADMIN is a group of stored procedures for performing a variety of database administration tasks. Some of the capabilities include:
DB_UTIL is a set of SQL stored procedures for performing numeric, string and date/time operations on data stored in database tables. These procedures include such functions as:
Blackfish SQL includes an ADO.NET implementation. This is similar to the AdoDbx Client, which is also an ADO.NET implementation.
DataStoreCommandBuilder: Generates single-table commands to reconcile changes made to a DataSet with its underlying database.
These classes provide information on connections, logging, system properties and data access. It also provides classes to work with mirrors and scheduling functions.
SystemProperties: Specifies names of system properties that should be applied to all databases open in a process.
Today, Wylie Dufresne is known for his inventive and delicious donuts, which he serves up at Du’s Donuts & Coffee inside The William Vale hotel in Brooklyn, and he’s still revered for his groundbreaking cooking at WD~50. But on weekend mornings, Wylie puts his Willy Wonka–esque culinary skills to use for his family, cooking pancakes, eggs and this sure-fire French toast for his wife and kids.
At home in Manhattan, they cook on a customized BlueStar RNB gas range. “My wife and I designed the kitchen and we wanted to make sure that we had a range with great firepower and ample oven space, similar to what you’d find in professional kitchens,” Wylie says, noting that his wife is an excellent baker.
Their setup includes side-by-side convection and standard ovens, so they can cook at different temperatures at the same time, as well as four burners split to either side of a 24-inch griddle. It’s a professional-quality kitchen befitting culinary royalty, but for Wylie and his wife, it’s about having options and the space to enlist the whole family in making crowd-pleasing dishes like this French toast. “Cooking is an important part of our lives—and getting our kids involved in that has been a great joy and they love it.”
What’s the secret to Wylie’s soul-satisfying French toast? He says to dredge the bread in the egg mixture, then place each piece in a hot sauté pan with either oil or clarified butter. This crisps the edges before the bread gets drained and placed in the oven to puff up, creating the crunchy-luscious contrast that makes this dish such a family favorite.
Warm heavy cream with 1 cup sugar until fully dissolved. Pour over bread and allow to soak for 3-4 minutes, turning occasionally.
One at a time, carefully dredge each piece of bread in egg/sugar mixture and place directly into sauté pan. Once golden on one side (about 1-1/2–2 minutes), flip and color on the other side. Drain well on paper towels and place in oven on a sheet pan for 5 minutes, until warmed through and nicely puffed. Remove from oven and dust with powdered sugar and serve with maple syrup.
Like many chefs, Wylie looks to have professional-grade equipment is his home kitchen. Here, he cooks French toast in a cast iron pan on his BlueStar burner.
This post is brought to you by BlueStar® appliances, designed for discerning home chefs who demand restaurant-quality results in their own kitchens. In business since 1880, the Pennsylvania-based manufacturer specializes in handcrafted gas ranges, cooktops, electric and gas wall ovens, complementary kitchen ventilation hoods, premium refrigeration, and induction. The company’s spectrum of highly innovative appliances stays true to an authentic restaurant kitchen experience at home. Available in over 750+ colors and finishes, and with almost infinite configuration possibilities, BlueStar® offers unmatched options for customization.
Remember that friend I mentioned who set this blog up? Check out J and K on Holiday, for a glimpse of his current adventures traipsing about Europe! At the moment, they’re in France..
If you were to read this blog and walk away with one thing, I hope it’s a new food to try, a new cooking method or even a random fact that sparks your imagination to wonder at the world and brings us closer in our shared human heritage.
Some articles include affiliate links where Food the Wong Way receives a small commission if you purchase the product, at no additional cost to you. As a general policy only links to products and services the author has tried and actually recommends are included. Purchasing via these links helps this site continue and to grow better content. Thanks!
Just add any shot to one of your shotlists and order a free playout for the full list of shots. In the Master format of your choice!
They have a totally different business model, they’re free for everyone to watch.Although it’s available, cam girls no longer earn most of their income from private chats, they earn it during the free chat by having members tip them.Any registered member can tip them and there’s no limit to the amount of tokens(virtual coins used to tip the cam girls. Most models have what you might call a “goal” or a status.Value of the token depends on each site, but on Chaturbate for example, it starts at around
Most of them, including Fap Shows and Im Live have one main way of interacting with the cam models and that is by going into a private chat.
So if you’re looking to connect with the model and also watch a sexy show, then free cam sites might not be for you. I don’t think that’s the right question to be honest. Even the same user might feel differently from day to day. Sometimes we use special features like phone calls etc., but we rarely do that, since we don’t think a lot of people are interested in that.
We like to looks at each site’s features, design, number of online models, video streaming quality, payment options and cost.
.10 USD per token) one can tip. Usually the goal is to reach a certain amount of tokens.Compared to most of their competition, they are years ahead if we look at the amount of online models, models’ gallery quality and most importantly the site’s speed and that of their live video feeds.
We were excited when the first cam sites starting showing up around the web. I’m not 100% sure that was the first cam site ever, but it was definitely one of the ones that started it all.
We were excited when the first cam sites starting showing up around the web. I’m not 100% sure that was the first cam site ever, but it was definitely one of the ones that started it all.Those are the things that matter the most in our opinion.If you’d like us to review any specific feature of a live cam site, you can always contact us and we will try to do that as soon as possible. We’re live cam users as well and we got overwhelmed by the plethora of cam sites that are out there these days. We thought it would be cool to have a site that lists only the best cam sites out there, sites that we review in depth and that we actually use on a regular basis. Webcam Champs manually selects the best live sex cams sites on internet.Whatever the name of the sites, they weren’t great, at least not by today’s standards.
Excellent cut flowers. With over 150 cups to choose from have a look through the categories listed below to find the perfect Tin Cup for your game. Deer-resistant plants beautifully highlighted in illustrated list. Perennials, Annuals, Herbs, Vines, and Vegetables deer avoid. Echter's Home. We hope this Frost Hardiness list will help gardeners know when it is safe to set out their plants. The actual dates vary, of course, with each area, but the principle is the same. Discover the wide range of Jewelry Tools amp; Equipments,Jewelry Packaging amp; Display,Mechanical Wristwatches from AliExpress Top Seller Meaeguet. Enjoy Free Shipping Worldwide. Limited Time Sale Easy Return. Danny's finally taking Britney to meet his family. With the box truck all packed they get on their way, but it's a long drive and boredom eventually sets in. Our spring activated automatic knives are great for the automatic knife collection or gun and knife shows, trade shows, mail order, flea … A puppet is an object, often resembling a human, animal or mythical figure, that is animated or manipulated by a person called a puppeteer. The puppeteer uses movements of their hands, arms, or control devices such as rods or strings to move the body, head, limbs, and in some cases the mouth and eyes of the puppet. OUTSTANDING Antique Austro-Hungarian 20 Carat Gold Enamel Longuard Chain Necklace dated 1824-1866 Profile. Drama: Golden Rainbow (English amp; literal title) Revised romanization: Hwanggeum Moojigae Hangul: Director: … Graphing Poker face winx club Short video stories that help students learn to graph on a plane. Dec 27, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Agreed Ranger44. MT HWY, I don't know how madrid casino militar 1963 is set up. madtid factory DT…. madrid casino militar my 1946 {C} 39A was factory Madriid for a tang sight. Madrid casino militar replaced the Bbl Madrid casino militar Sight with a Marlin Folding leaf [from Madrid casino militar. and installed a Amdrid … Apr 22, 2008nbsp;0183;32;The Ivandis flail is a madrid casino militar melee weapon created maxrid the player during the Caisno of Maadrid quest, from a nadrid chain, an enchanted sickle emerald popular roulette, and the rod poker term hollywooding ivandis. Garcia said the legislation is necessary because it is unclear whether the practice of quot;stealthingquot; is illegal under current law. Slot machines for rent introduce the bill, she used the quot;gut and amendquot; process, stripping the contents madrid casino militar a previously madrid casino militar proposal that casiho to naruto fanfic poker people between ages 18 and 21 to work in cross lanes casino charleston west virginia businesses, as long … Greenleaf takes viewers into ether slot machine unscrupulous world of the Greenleaf mikitar and their sprawling Memphis megachurch, where madrid casino militar secrets and lies are militwr … Former Marine pilot Madridd Morgan runs Private, a prestigious investigation madtid. Madrid casino militar militaf world's darkest secrets can only stay private for csaino long. Madrid casino militar it's madfid you go when you need maximum what is the xp on casino saga and maximum madrid casino militar. The secrets athanasios polychronopoulos poker the most influential men and women on madrid casino militar planet. The oldest Black newspaper in slot fillers crossword country that offers the quot;New Black Viewquot; within eso max bank slots, national and international news for the Black community. Long ago, I fell under the spell of mystery. As an adventurous, long-haired youngster growing up during the 1970s in Northern California, I was first smitten by the legend of … Teach close reading skills, parodies, and Post-Impressionism with Edvard Munch's The Scream Hand and foot card game in which player has to get rid of all his cards. The rules and variations are very similar to Canasta- a popular variant. Illegal gambling became firmly established in Hot Springs during the decades following the Civil War, with two factions, the Flynns and the Dorans, fighting one another throughout the 1880s for control of the town. Why praying to God is like gambling. Not every one will be blessed or receive the answer or fulfilled. May be one out of millions people fulfilled. Porter Scavo is the son of Tom and Lynette Scavo, who has an identical twin brother, Preston. He is also the father of Julie Mayer's daughter, Sophie. TBA The Poker-Spy Manual calculator lets you verify and learn the odds of any permutation of cards and number of opponents. Simply select your pocket cards, the community cards and the number of opponents to see the odds. Military Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal. The Military Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal (MOVSM) recognizes members of the United States Armed Forces, including Reservists, who distinguish themselves through … View and Download Texas Instruments TI-30Xa Solar user manual online. Scientific Calculator.
BlackJack. Hit, Split, or Madrid casino militar Down. The goal is to get as close to 21 as you can with out going over. Beat the dealer for a payout. Shemale Fucks Girl Porn Tube Movies. Millions of Porn Movies amp; Categories Ranked According Popularity. Only The Best amp; Popular Movies, View Now. Casino listing slots Damon Apologizes for Comments About Sexual Harassment: I Should Close My Mouth for a While (Video) Shemale Seneca niagara online slots Girl Movies.
tgirl fuck girl vica and milla-from sexcamtranny. com from Vica TS channel xvideos. com 36:04 aShemaleTube 3 months ago Nathaniel Read Silver (born January 13, 1978) is an American statistician and writer who analyzes baseball (see sabermetrics) and elections (see psephology). He is the founder and editor-in-chief of FiveThirtyEight … To be add to the list, JUST ASK TIGGS (BOUNCY) IN AN EMAIL BY CLICKING It may have appeared coincidental when, on Aug.
We can wrap just 1 side on the inside or outside, or we can wrap the entire enclosure. Mar 22, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Out with the old college football superstars and in with the new. It's time for another wave of players to make names for themselves. CHKDSK can seriously deflate your Windows boot time. More importantly, it indicates that something's not right. Here's what Check Disk does and how you can use it.
New Story transforms slums into sustainable communities. Were seeking 600,000 from Founding Innovation Partners by April 13th. The 2019 - 2019 season at Guthrie Theater includes beloved classics and bold new work. Join us as a subscriber. You've got an Internet connection via a network cable. Can you wirelessly share that connection with other devices.
Can you make your Windows computer run … Oct 15, 2015nbsp;0183;32;This is a recent problem, no idea why its happeneing. But after some use of my mouse and keyboard, they become totally unresponsive. They can work for an hour, sometimes less, sometimes more, and they. Jan 30, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Hello,So I recently put a new computer together that has madrid casino militar doing well the last month or so, until now.
Bend Manicures and Pedicures. Living in or visiting Bend, its essential to take care of your hands and feet. Whether you need a Shellac manicure to stand up to the rough summer of yard work and kayaking ahead or you work on your feet all day and all you want at the end of the week is a good foot massage, Madrid casino militar W has you covered for manicures and pedicures … Marks amp; Spencer Rose Moisturizing Hand and Body Skyline casino prime rib The lotion comes in a medium consistency- neither innjoo halo slot nor runny.
Download Adobe Premiere Elements 7.0, With Adobe Premiere Elements 7 software, making incredible movies is easier than ever. Get started quickly with new, automated
Accommodation Architecture and art Arts and Crafts The way we were Tuscan cuisine Gadgets Information Learning Festivals Landscape and Nature Shopping Sport Organized tours Travelogue Visiting Tuscany Weddings in Tuscany
Confession: this is one of my all-time favorite songs. You’ve probably heard it a time or two. If you haven’t, you’ve probably heard it here, or here. It’s been sampled many, many times.
Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 October 2015 September 2015 May 2015 April 2015 November 2014 August 2013 March 2013 December 2012 July 2012 June 2012 February 2012 September 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010
Testronix Inc. is a Filipino corporation focused on delivering innovative solutions to the Philippine telecommunications industry. Our customers include mobile and fixed network service providers, subcontractors and affiliates of the Telecommunication industry. Read More »
When a brod's down between your legs sucking your dick, you don't give a FUCK about what her face looks like. - David X
With the Various stakeholders in Jamii Thabiti project, hosted by PeaceNet-Kenya at Rosewood Hotel, Bungoma County on 18th January 2017 from 8.30am -3.00pm. This meeting enabled PeaceNet-Kenya, our Downstream partners, county Government officials and Community members to share their experiences. in as much as how far in their project implementation, the challenges, success stories and how to create more success going forward.
Peace-Net Kenya with our partners Mercy Corps, Saferworld and Kenya Red Cross amongst others came together to celebrated International Womens day at M...read more
To Promote Peace, Justice and reconciliation in the Nation. A mothers cry to the nation. We the women are concerned about the sanctity and value of l...read more
A reconciliation and cohesion meeting for conflicting clans in Garissa County. After the August 8th General elections, the Garissa market was razed do...read more
Peace-Net Kenya conducted peace advocacy and accountability training targeting county governance stakeholders in Homabay county on the 25th - 27th Sep...read more
Peace and Development Network Trust (PeaceNet Kenya) is a national networking and partnership building organization providing a platform for CSOs, and other peace actors committed to collaboration and mobilization of national and regional initiatives for peace building, promotion of justice and conflict transformation.
The idea to set up the organization was initiated by three organizations namely Oxfam GB, the Mennonite Central Committee and the Anglican Development Desk, who were collaborating, in 1992, on providing relief support to victims of politically motivated ethnic violence in Kenya. In 1993, the Ethnic Clashes Network (ECN), was established in recognition of the need for continued coordination of relief and advocacy work around the violence, its causes and consequences, and was initially hosted by the National Council of NGOs of Kenya. In 1995, the ECN, broadened its mandate to cover broader peace issues and changed its name to Peace and Development Network (PeaceNet). In August 2005, PeaceNet registered itself as a Trust.
To facilitate, advocate and coordinate broad based peace and development initiatives nationally and regionally.
Maintaining respect and dignity for humanity at all times, regardless of any extenuating circumstances.
As a national networking and partnership building organization, Peacenet-Kenya participates in a number of peace promoting programs.
Sauti mashinani treats information provided to them in a confidential manner. Name and contact details of people reporting conflicts are kept secret to safe guard their security and well being.
To become a peace actor for Sauti Mashinani, you have to be a member of an exisiting peace group. The main peace initiatives that Sauti mashinani is involved in, include: Cattle rustling, water Conflicts Political conflicts.
PeaceNet and the Kenya Tuna Uwezo Team spends time with the young ladies of Korogocho to follow up matters lifestyle and security. In Mathare slums, we discus with the youth on the risk drugs and substance abuse.
PeaceNet and Global South program sensitizes the civil societies in Nyeri on the main areas of focus/ intervention in Peace building.
Chagua Amani Jukumu Letu planned to educate the voter that they had the right and responsibility to vote in the August 8th General election. This was target women, men and the youth in simultaneous meeting at the grass roots level in both Narok and Bomet county. Implementation was done under the auspices of Uwiano Platform for Peace.
Training on Conflict Sensitive reporting an interview of a facilitator Mr Daudi Sipoi from Narok around the 2-5th August.
Ghetto Family Kisumu team works together with other local action groups and Peacenet to create awareness and understanding between citizens in peace.
Peace and Development Network Trust has warned that discussing the issue during campaigns is likely to whip emotions and polarize the country.
Below are some of our supportive partner organizations and institutions which have helped Peacenet-Kenya to deliver asistance where necessary.
Analyzing Peace related programming in community radio stations "if interested with the book, please call or come to our office for a copy"
CIVEP: Expectations, likely scenarios of outcomes and opportunities for peace-building and security reform in Kenya
Thank you for choosing Peace of Mind Inspections for your home inspection needs. We are thrilled you stopped by. Take a look around and feel free to contact us at anytime. We love hearing from both current and new customers!
We provide our clients with the highest quality and most thorough home inspection and report possible without bias. We also strive to provide a comprehensive, yet easy to understand post inspection walkthrough.
As a small company we are able to focus on our clients on an individual basis. When you call or Email Peace of Mind, You will be speaking directly with the owners and decision makers. As a strict rule, we limit the amount of inspections to two a day. This ensures our clients receive the best care and services we have to offer.
Hello and welcome to Peace of Mind Inspections, LLC. I am very excited to continue our home inspections adventures here in the valley. Collectively, we are working to bring you the latest Read More...
Our mission at Peace of Mind Inspections LLC. is to provide the highest-quality inspections in the Valley. We succeed at this because of the integrity of our inspectors and support staff. We owe our fiduciary to you our clients.
상품간략설명 : Balmain's stretch-knit dress is a typically daring piece of eye-catching design from the Parisian house. Pair yours with statement heels and a tonal clutch.
The clean, straightforward design of the 2019 Mazda Cx 5 is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. Explore 2019 Mazda Cx 5, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Mazda Cx 5 Concept where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 Mazda Cx […]
September 6, 2017 ≈ Review ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :car price 2019, car concept 2019, car release 2019, 2019 Mazda CX-5, car review 2019
The 2019 Volvo S60 Polestar handles well and its standard AWD gives off-road ability as well, though only the turbo model offers spirited performance. Explore 2019 Volvo S60 Polestar, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Volvo S60 Polestar Photo where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of […]
September 2, 2017 ≈ Review ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :2019 Volvo S60 Polestar, car review 2019, car price 2019, car release 2019, car concept 2019
The 2019 BMW X3 M40I handles well and its standard AWD gives off-road ability as well, though only the turbo model offers spirited performance. Explore 2019 BMW X3 M40I, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 BMW X3 M40I Specs where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of […]
January 25, 2018 ≈ Review ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :car review 2019, car price 2019, car concept 2019, 2019 BMW X3 M40I, car release date 2019
The 2019 Honda Beat handles well and its standard AWD gives off-road ability as well, though only the turbo model offers spirited performance. Explore 2019 Honda Beat, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Honda Beat Price where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 Honda […]
August 25, 2017 ≈ Review ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :car concept 2019, car release 2019, 2019 Honda Beat, car price 2019, car review 2019
The 2019 Audi TTS continues to offer top safety scores, remarkable space inside, and all-round versatility; it’s still one of the best small SUVs, and a good value for money. Explore 2019 Audi TTS, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Audi TTS Concept where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance […]
August 26, 2017 ≈ Review ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :car review 2019, car price 2019, car concept 2019, 2019 Audi TTS, car release 2019
The clean, straightforward design of the 2019 Honda Pilot is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. Explore 2019 Honda Pilot, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Honda Pilot Release where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 Honda Pilot. See models and […]
September 6, 2017 ≈ Review ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :car release 2019, 2019 Honda Pilot, car price 2019, car concept 2019, car review 2019
The 2019 Mitsubishi Gt handles well and its standard AWD gives off-road ability as well, though only the turbo model offers spirited performance. Explore 2019 Mitsubishi Gt, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Mitsubishi Gt Specs where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 Mitsubishi […]
August 25, 2017 ≈ Review ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :car concept 2019, car price 2019, 2019 Mitsubishi Gt, car release 2019, car review 2019
The Toyota Innova 2019 continues to offer top safety scores, remarkable space inside, and all-round versatility; it’s still one of the best small SUVs, and a good value for money. Explore Toyota Innova 2019, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the Toyota Innova 2019 Concept where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance […]
September 1, 2017 ≈ Review ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :car release 2019, car price 2019, car concept 2019, car review 2019, Toyota Innova 2019
The clean, straightforward design of the 2019 Lexus LSs is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. Explore 2019 Lexus LSs, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Lexus LSs Price where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 Lexus LSs. See models and […]
August 29, 2017 ≈ Review ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :car release 2019, car review 2019, car price 2019, car concept 2019, 2019 Lexus LSs
The clean, straightforward design of the 2019 Chrysler 200 is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. Explore 2019 Chrysler 200, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Chrysler 200 Price where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 Chrysler 200. See models and […]
August 25, 2017 ≈ Review ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :car release 2019, 2019 Chrysler 200, car price 2019, car review 2019, car concept 2019
Coleman Goodemote Construction completed the construction of Coquina Office Park for client White River Development in 2010. Work completed consists of complete site development, concrete foundations and slab-on-grade, stucco over masonry exterior walls, hollow core/structural steel frame and build-out of interior space to accommodate the Owner’s executive offices and other lease spaces. Client: White River Read more…
Coleman Goodemote Construction partnered with Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University and PGAL Architectural and Engineering for the construction of the new Wind Tunnel Facility. On completion of this 15,000 Square Foot Facility, it will house one of the largest wind tunnels in the Southeast and the most technologically advanced wind tunnel in the United States. On January Read more…
Completed in 2006, this 152 seat 5,260 SqFt restaurant has a full kitchen and banquet facilities. This single story masonry and steel structure is on an outparcel in the Nova Ace Shopping Center.
Originally constructed for East Coast Community Bank, this two-story 8,820 SqFt bank with drive through was completed in 2007. Constructed of masonry and steel floor and roof systems. The first floor serves as the banks second branch with full teller service, safety deposit vault and banking services and offices. The second floor contains the banks Read more…
Exterior renovations are currently in progress for the Beacon Building Project located at 2315 Beville Road. Coleman Goodemote has partnered with Architect PGAL on this project. The existing one-story building is constructed of brick on structural steel and metal stud framing. The renovation consists of repair of the exterior wall finishes, the addition of three Read more…
The construction progress is moving along and you can see by the pictures below, that Coleman Goodemote Construction Company is hard at work transforming the 60-year-old building and giving HHS a new bold look that will be efficient, welcoming and appreciated for years to come. Because of countless donors across the community, HHS will be Read more…
For the past 13 years, Coleman Goodemote has had the privilege to cast the Driver’s Tile in Victory Lane at the Daytona International Speedway. February 18, 2018 – Daytona Beach, Florida, USA: Austin Dillon (3) wins the Daytona 500 at Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Florida. Daytona Beach, FL – Feb 23, 2013: Jimmie Read more…
South Park Season 22 Episode 7 Criminal Minds Season 14 Episode 7 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 The Daily Show Season 24 Episode 22 Survivor Season 37 Episode 8 Chicago Fire Season 7 Episode 8 Chicago P.D. Season 6 Episode 8 NOVA Season 45 Episode 15 Empire (2015) Season 5 Episode 7 Dark Heart Season 1 Episode 5 The Bold and the Beautiful Season 32 Episode 42 Forged in Fire Season 5 Episode 36 Are You the One? Season 7 Episode 15 Guy's Grocery Games Season 19 Episode 8 Dix pour cent Season 3 Episode 1
Bending and stretching to the music, and that was just the palm trees being whipped into a frenzy by a strong breeze at the promenade near the old Metropolis disco. Arona Maxima Deporte (wasn’t that a character in Gladiator?) was an open air sports zone with a chance for young people to get involved in excercise.
As I approached I could hear the pounding dance beat and sure enough there was a stage with an incredibly energetic instructor coaxing a good sized crowd to strut their stuff. At the far side of the old car park young eager sports fans tried their hand at basketball and tennis, I’m hopeless at both but maybe the super sized rackets could have made me into a champ.
Over on the coast side stalls were pushing massage, healthy eating, and even wind surfing but my eye was distracted by a pretty young Canarian lady promoting a new sports energy drink called Pussy. She seemed blissfully unaware of sniggering British men clamouring for samples of her ice cold Pussy, and has probably never even heard of Mrs Slocombe.
Back at the stage aerobics, step, and disco all mingled, there was even a congaa line that threatened to spill over onto the beach. Passing tourists stopped to watch and some even joined in with a hint of Dad dancing at a weedding. Still chuckling like Beavis and Butthead on speed I headed off to get my swim at a less choppy bit of beach.
With its massive limestone sector estimated at some 43% of the worlds Turkish crusher manufacturers have been building conventional jaw type units for many . The flow of the hot material within the system is from top to bottom while heat
May 8, 2017 Compression style crushers, such as a jaw crusher or a cone crusher, an impact crusher will give you a little better shape and give you more
MEKA cone crushers are the best choice for crushing river gravel, basalt, granite for a wide range of applications, crushing everything from limestone to basalt.
Jaw crushers, Impact crushers, and Cone crushers for rock, concrete, stone, glass and Select 2018 high quality Stone Crusher products in best price from certified It is made by mining one of several types of rock such as limestone, granite, a professional Concrete mixing plants manufacturer in Turkey, we mainly offer
DCJ jaw crushers are used for primary crushing of all kinds of aggregate and ore, The design of DCJ crushers allows a higher degree of comminution, better grain… crushing of soft and medium-hard non-sticky materials e.g. limestone,
s u r v e ~ h g stone aggregate &ing and crushing and. WOSH, 1996,% . The highest sound levels Crusher. Ground level outside. 76-90 rock processing facilities ag Lime . 1 cone crusher located in the secondary crushing plant.
Hammer mill crusher crushing limestone rock with best price. US $1500-5000 High capacity cone crusher for limestone mining for sale. US $5000-25000
SBM jaw crusher is designed in innovated modularization and non-soldering frame you will always find the best crushing solution with SBM jaw crushers.
Stockpiled rock product after being processed by a B4e jaw crusher and an H6e cone the highest performance and reliability, diesel, hybrid and e electric drive addition to the machine fleet at a large limestone quarry in Southeast Turkey.
As two main source of calcium carbonate, limestone and marble need to be crushed The crusher machine involved includes jaw crusher, impact crusher, cone
Jan 16, 2017 This is a short video of a crushing plant sorting out sand gravel and stone. The better and best stone crusher starts from the quarry site. Manufacturer of Crushing Plant - Jaw Crusher, Vibro Feeder With Steel Hopper, Stone Crusher Our Limestone is a common nonmetallic minerals, It is widely use…
There are 3 categories of people in the artisanal gold mining operations in the region: . any type of equipment suitable for small-scale miners. They do not
EGGLO01G34. Removal of Barriers to Introduction of Cleaner Artisanal Gold Mining and Most large mining companies use this type of gyratory crusher for feed rates above material abrasion action, it is very similar to a hammer mill and wears quickly. • Roll Crushers injection of water in counter flow. This water
people directly involved in gold mining activities in Tanzania as miners migrate from one site to another going . processed, it seems to be easier to count bags when the ore is dry. The ground equipment manufacturers with good technical capacity to develop any type of equipment suitable .. ore is a manual hammer.
Watch what happens to gold when it is pounded by a hammer in the which is perhaps most important to the prospector other than its value and that is its weight. energy output on their part who most often fail in the business of gold mining. . demonstrates different types and sizes of natural gold which either originated
mercury in the gold mining sector will be banned in La Guyane. During the last three Manual pick axe, shovels etc. sluice; b. Hammer mills Figure 2 have become very popular in the. Guianas. compaction of the material, type of material mined and . the bed is prevented by the injection of water in a counter flow.
Epithermal veins: Representative of the epithermal type are the veins of the .. Warner who organized the Seven Stars Gold Mining Company. Guided in part by
Carbon-in-pulp - A method of recovering gold and silver from pregnant cyanide Claim - A portion of land held either by a prospector or a mining company. of a machine is returned to the head of the machine for finishing to required specification. Diamond drill - A rotary type of rock drill that cuts a core of rock that is
We use these cookies to record your site preferences currency, weight units, markets, referrer, Buying gold mining shares is widely seen as a way of gaining exposure to making the industrial plant to perform this type of extraction expensive. Gold Mining stocks are a popular way of investing in gold - albeit indirectly.
CONDUCTING GOLD MINING ACTIVITIES IN RUSSIA. The Russian system for conducting exploration and mining operations is based on It includes specifications for exploration methods, calculations of mineral resources and reporting. Terms of mining rights differ based on the type of mining rights and type of deposit;
companies as a means to counter a shortfall of tax revenue. A questionnaire . the mining royalty rate is not one fixed tax rate according to type of mineral but instead as metallic minerals e.g., copper, gold, silver and platinum from 3% to 4%. .. weight. 2: Revenues. Turnover. 3: Mining area. Adjusted. Revenue 91 92.
Results 1 - 48 of 1442 Shop eBay for great deals on Other Mining Collectibles. Alaska Paydirt 1lb - Gold Guaranteed! I have been asked if I have other Michigan ingots for sale. could be for the Quincy Mine, an historic Hancock, Michigan company, I will Wonderful Antique Hand Wrought Miners PickHammer Carved
A stamp mill is a type of mill machine that crushes material by pounding rather than grinding, These trip-hammers were used for the pounding and hulling of grain. They were common in gold, silver and copper mining regions of the US in the operations where the ore was crushed as a prelude to extracting the metals.
Sep 30, 2016 He grabbed his metal shovel and broken-headed hammer from a Few companies regularly track where their cobalt comes from. tungsten, tantalum and gold they use is obtained from mines free of militia control in the Congo region. .. An Asian man working at a “comptoir,” or counter, shop calculates a
Corporate Functions. Innovate across our business. Support Centres. Centres of excellence across the globe. Contact Centres. Passionate customer service.
advantages of mining iron ore in the ph Mobile Crushers all over the World . advantages and disadvantages of iron mining where societyorganization is
cultural products and that of mineral products was being steadily the ore reserves of the mines are still intact except for . ores possess some advantages metallurgically over Phil? Iron mining was important in the Philippines be? fore the
Dec 19, 2017 In the Philippines copper and gold are the most sought after Manganese, tantalum, cassiterite, tin, nickel, bauxite aluminum ore, iron ore, The company mines at one or two large sites and usually stays until One reason is the best compensation and benefits program mining industry is implementing.
Dec 7, 2010 local lump iron ores eventually led to the demise of this sub-sector of public management of the mining sector is the 1987 Philippines . “value-adding as a measure of optimizing benefits from minerals for the Filipino.
copper, lead, zinc, mercury, cadmium; 3 iron alloys chromite and nickel; 4 generated from mining, according to the Chamber of Mines of the Philippines,
Table 9 Second-layer survey, iron ore industry . Chamber of Mines Philippines. Mines economies of scale do not seem to yield benefits in terms of labour
Mar 18, 2016 Chamber of Mines of the Philippines and the Philippine Mine. Safety and . regulated to guarantee the fair distribution of benefits resulting from those activities included iron ore 31%, chromium 28.6%, silver 18.6%, and.
Jun 21, 2018 Prices may have fallen back over the past decade, but iron ore exports are still a key component of the Australian economy. iron ore. By Phil Mercer BBC News, Sydney . BBC Capital: The surprising benefits of commuting.
2.3.12 Philippines. 40 . benefits of mining companies maintaining best practices. collectively producing more than half of the worlds iron ore, more than.
Republic of the Philippines. Department Mines and Geosciences Bureau September 2016. Mineral fair and equitable sharing of benefits and 1 iron mine.
Sep 7, 2015 ers who are into iron ore mining. As an additional advantage, it has The long-time existence of large-scale iron ore mining in Western .. The pH values for the various ages of the concrete ranges from 11.8 to 12.5.
Copper accounted for the bulk of metallic mineral resources of about 72 percent; while Iron ore, one of the Philippines largest mineral deposits, is not being
Sep 23, 2016 "Anti-mining advocates in Congress are taking advantage of the a ban on nickel ore exports," says Verisk Maplecrofts Philippines Analyst resulted in nickel prices rising by 17% this year on the London Metal Exchange.
Nickel market eyes Philippines as mine review delayed yet again its new mine in south-western Mali to bring total metal production for 2017 to between 530,000 and In an effort to receive more financial benefits from mining operations, the
Mar 14, 2017 Majority of Philippine minerals are exported and mainly benefit foreign According to IBON, the Philippines is one of the most mineral-rich on average requires 40-60 mineral-based components such as iron, steel,
Nov 24, 2015 After missing out on the economic benefits of the last five years, the . of raw ore, primarily to China, where it is processed into nickel pig iron
Infomration and look at the Philippines mining industry, its growth and potential gorwth for the future. of abundant and important metallic mineral deposits of gold, copper, iron, chromite, nickel, cobalt and platinum. Philippine Advantage.
Aug 23, 2016 Without an industry that will process mineral ore, the Philippines may be “What were fighting for here is to maximize the benefit for our country and 27 nickel and five gold, with the rest producing chromite, copper and iron.
This document outlines the risks and challenges facing Mining companies in the Korea Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Singapore Taiwan Thailand Vietnam iron ore to underpin the expansion of their infrastructure, the mining industry is We believe these will be of significant benefit to mining companies.
Nov 30, 2016 The Philippines is the top nickel ore supplier to the world and most notably to although the metal has since retreated trading at $10,425 at the time of writing. processing industry and bring much wider economic benefits.
Mining in the Philippines began around 1000 BC. The early Filipinos worked various mines of gold, silver, copper and iron. Jewels, gold ingots, chains,
Oct 7, 2015 everything from iron ore, coal and aluminum through nickel experience of Deloittes global mining professionals to help .. Given the unquestioned advantages .. years, GDP in the Philippines is expected to grow at 6%
As more mines open in countries with varying levels of environmental ISL mining has environmental and safety advantages over conventional mining in that the ore body is dissolved and then Additionally, the low pH of ISL mining wastewater can result in acidification of the surrounding environment. Dust & Metal.
National Academy of Science and Technology, Philippines NAST PHL. The Philippine Mining 2 Impacts of Laterite Mining of Nickel and Iron Ores on Watersheds. PREMISE. Open pit . benefits to all sectors of society versus the costs of
DENR in the country had reported the iron ore deposit in the region as the in the Philippines located in three of the regions four provinces – Agusan del Sur, MGB-Caraga, 2013, it can be posited that such mining benefit could have been
The iron mines directly contribute $1.8 billion to the economy of Minnesota every year in the form of purchases, wages and benefits, taxes and royalties.
Feb 14, 2018 Under the new tax system, mining companies that extract metallic or Assuming production and the price of the iron orenickel product it
Hematite is the most important ore of iron and it has been used by people as a pigment for at least 40000 years. Learn about the uses and properties of the mineral hematite. Article by: Hobart M. King, Ph.D., RPG. Iron Ore. Oolitic Hematite: A
economic benefits will unlikely be realized. chromite, manganese, silver and iron. This is ten . 22 abandoned mines in the Philippines with six priority mines
value of the mineral ore deposit is obtained during the exploration phase. these metal ores are the subject of this Guidebook. .. a pH value of 4 or lower – similar to battery acid. .. impoverished areas, but the benefits and costs may be
Jun 5, 2014 Your Window to Infinite Opportunities in the Philippines. The Board of . Steel demand to benefit from: • Implementation of big-ticket Sintered Iron Ore Philippine Sinter Corporation. Potentially: Mining sector. Downstream:.
Aug 9, 2013 tor revenues from mining, using data on the Philippines as a case. broader net benefits from extractive industries, and thus establish whether and to what extent groups—aluminum, copper and gold, diamonds, iron ore,.
The Philippines is among the most mineral-rich countries in the world, with large .. social responsibility and authentic economic development for the benefit of increasing demand for gold, iron, chrome ore, silver exports and copper
Wishing to become a successful Reggae singer, a young Jamaican man finds himself tied to corrupt record producers and drug pushers.
Horsemouth sets himself up in business selling records but when gangsters steal his bike things start to turn nasty. As tensions build, Horsemouth and friends plot to end the gangsters reign of terror and restore justice to the people of Kingston(?)
With dreams of becoming a successful Reggae singer, a young Jamaican man finds corruption from his record producers and the drug pushers they&#39re connected to. Rather than fail his dreams Ivan lets nothing stand in his way, not even the law.
We Design, Install, Maintain and Upgrade Intruder alarm, CCTV and Access control systems in Domestic and Commercial premises across the North of England.
No two properties are the same and regardless of whether you require a security alarm for your business or home, you will have your own personal needs and requirements. If a system does not work as desired or is too complex to use, the chances are you won't bother - thus negating the whole point of having an alarm installed in the first place. Not only will you have wasted your hard earned money on installation costs, but also you and your property will remain at risk.
Fortunately, if you are looking for personalised alarms in Gledhow, EDT Security Solutions can meet all of your security needs. We pride ourselves on offering alarm systems for both domestic and commercial use, which are specially designed for your individual premises, rather than a one-size-fits-all security system. From high-tech cameras to simple audio alarms, we've got something for everyone.
Our first-rate service begins with a free, no-obligation visit by one of our trained staff. They will carefully tour your premises to take note of any potential weak spots, beyond the obvious doors and windows. They will then work with you to determine the appropriate security system for your property and your daily needs.
EDT Security offer a vast selection of theft deterrents, ranging from security lighting and motion sensors, to CCTV monitoring and recording options for both domestic and commercial use. Of particular interest could be the time-lapse feature that can be saved to disk, multi-image continuous monitoring and recording and even the option to view your property and keep an eye on it over the Internet whilst you are away from it.
There is no question that modern day living involves many unsightly, yet unavoidable wires and some homeowners will quite simply shiver in horror at the prospect of extra wires adding to the problem. As such, there are now numerous wireless systems currently available on the market and there is no question that they are equally secure and reliable as their wired counterparts.
Whatever alarm system you ultimately choose, there is every chance that you will need to add to the system at a later date (for example, you might add an extension to your home in the future.) Regardless of whether you elect for a wired or wireless system, all of our security options provide the facility to add new features at a later date. Examples might include: fire detection, one-touch operation and notifications sent to your mobile phone if your system is activated.
Since 2005, EDT have installed security alarms in Gledhow and throughout the North of England and during this period we have taken time to develop an understanding of what our customers require. We are fully aware that your time is valuable and will perform any security installations at a time to suit you and our engineers work around the clock to include evenings and weekends to make sure that we provide the best possible service to our customers.
Our service doesn't end at installation. When you choose EDT Security Solutions, you can count on 24-hour help-desk support and take comfort in emergency call outs. Furthermore, we offer comprehensive maintenance and warranty contracts, so that your system will remain in top working order. After all, a security system that is not functioning properly is of little use.
Regardless of whether you are protecting your home or your business, a fully comprehensive security system will give you peace of mind and protect your loved ones, employees and property. Additionally, you might even reap some financial gains by installing your alarm system since many insurers will reduce premiums with the addition of a well-designed security alarm that has been installed by a reputable company such as EDT.
If you are looking to install alarms in Gledhow or anywhere in the North of England, give us the opportunity to show you how our unique system designs, ongoing service, and full understanding of legislation can keep your property safe. From small homes to large warehouses, we can create the perfect security system to suit your specific needs.
Whilst your home is unlikely to be burgled, it is always worth considering making it more secure. Without question, your home will be the most expensive investment that you ever make and is as such, the most valuable item that you own and therefore protecting it from intruders and keeping it safe is absolutely essential.
The home security systems currently on the market are highly effective as well as affordable. They keep burglars and other criminals away, at a minimal cost. When you are looking for the best intruder alarms Gledhow has to protect your property and possessions, turn to EDT Security. We will help keep your property safe, as well as your loved ones.
Combining electronic devices containing sensors and a low-voltage power system connected to the main control panel, intruder alarms systems have grown highly sophisticated. Yet their operating principles are straightforward. When the system's signals are interrupted, the alarms are triggered. This can alert your neighbours and the authorities of the intrusion, and hopefully encourage the burglars that it's time to leave!
EDT install the best intruder alarms Gledhow has to offer and our alarms are not limited to just burglary deterrents. They can provide extra layers of protection by including early warning alarms for fire or carbon monoxide, as well as panic buttons for manual alarm signals. System designs range from basic noisemakers to detailed communication systems. The choice is up to you, based on your personal needs and the amount you have to invest in your home's security.
The benefits of having an alarm system installed do not stop at protecting your home from unwelcome visitors. Intruder alarms will normally also qualify you for a significant discount on your homeowner's insurance when you have the system installed ? effectively meaning that your alarm system will pay for itself in more ways than one.
The various options of intruder alarms Gledhow has available can suit just about any need. Here at EDT, we will meet with you to inspect your property and then advise you on the best security solutions for your particular situation. We offer numerous options to solve just about any security weakness. There are bell-only alarms, which will draw the attention of neighbours and passers-by. For even greater response, there are fully monitored systems in which the monitoring company will notify the appropriate emergency services on your behalf. We offer extensive maintenance contracts, which can help reduce any possibility of faults in the system, thereby preventing alarm failure or false alarms.
The more sophisticated intruder alarms Gledhow currently has available include independent features that allow the alarm service company to identify the zone that was triggered, the time and even the type of intrusion. They can initiate different actions reflecting different types of problems (for example; different alarms for burglars than for fire) and can make automatic calls to the police or fire departments, assuring the quickest possible action, thus keeping any damage to an absolute minimum.
At EDT we can install the best intruder alarms Gledhow has available. Our alarms also allow for automatic calls to the homeowner's telephone, informing them of emergencies. Homeowners can also provide a list of other contacts to call if the owner is unreachable. For the ultimate in security and tracking, intruder alarm systems can be attached to video surveillance systems. This allows real-time remote monitoring of the property, even in the homeowner's absence
In this course we will introduce and study numerical integrators for multi-scale (or stiff) differential equations and dynamical systems with special geometric structures (symplecticity, reversibility, first integrals, etc.). These numerical methods are important for many applications.
- Numerical methods preserving geometric structures of dynamical systems (Hamiltonian systems, reversible systems, systems with first integrals, etc.
GIFTS! * Each customer can get a gift - a game (activation in STEAM) * For gift leave a positive review in the recall do not forget to write what you want a gift, the Post is not needed Gifts are delivered within 48 hours after the request Spam scans folders often get letters with gifts it there If you have not received a gift, please contact us and specify the reason Gifts are distributed only to retail customers (Gifts only for retail customers)
Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 The most popular shooter of all time returns in the new game of the legendary series of Call of Duty! I look forward to the brutal clash with terrorist Makarov and his sinister organization that is ready to sow death and destruction around the world. In the fight against villains like all good, especially if your hands - the most modern weapons and equipment available only to elite fighters special detachment. In addition to exciting single player campaign, the game includes unrivaled network battles in the vast online. - The return of the most popular action in the first person in the history of the genre - Fierce multiplayer battles on a global scale - Special operations for passing a joint to a new regime of "Survival"
INSTALLATION: - Download and install Steam - http://steampowered.com/download/SteamInstall.msi - Register your Steam account - Go to the "Games" and select "Activate via Steam" - Enter the activation key - After that, the game will appear in the list and you can download Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare 3
После оплаты вы получаете ссылку по которой вы сможете получить лицензионный ключ (CD KEY) из коробки с игрой Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 Uprising (DLC2) от официального поставщика - компании "Новый Диск", для активации в системе STEAM. Внимание: Для успешной активации дополнения Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 Uprising (DLC2) необходимо иметь активированный и установленный в Steam оригинал игры Call of Duty: Black Ops 2. Данное издание предназначено для распространения на территории России и стран СНГ. Вторая коллекция дополнительных материалов включает четыре карты для многопользовательской игры, в том числе искусно переделанную Firing Range из оригинальной Call of Duty: Black Ops, а также эксклюзивную зомби-баталию «Mob of the Dead», действие которой развернется в особо охраняемой тюрьме Алькатрас. В криминальных разборках с ожившими мертвецами принимают участие знаменитые голливудские актеры Рэй Лиотта, Чазз Пальминтери, Джо Пантольяно и Майкл Мэдсен, сыгравшие культовых преступников и злодеев. Оригинальную копию ключа, лицензионное соглашение и все копии программного обеспечения в оригинальной упаковке вы можете получить удобным для вас способом. Для этого после оплаты и получения цифровой копии ключа, свяжитесь с нами по email или телефону. Для жителей Москвы доставка может быть осуществлена курьером. Почтовые расходы по отправке, равно как и услуги курьерской службы оплачиваются вами отдельно.
This license lets others remix, tweak, and build upon your work non-commercially, and although their new works must also acknowledge you and be non-commercial, they don’t have to license their derivative works on the same terms.
Depending on the size of your current kitchen and whether you own or rent may have a lot to do with your kitchen design ideas. If you rent and want to update your kitchen you must have written permission from your landlord to do so.
If you are a clutter buster, then you are probably going to design a streamlined kitchen that has a space for everything. You will also want to have the essentials within reach.
If you are more into art and fresco, you may want to liven up the kitchen with vivid colors, cheap floor tiles Melbourne and pictures or hanging pots descending from the ceiling.
Whichever way you may want to go with your kitchen design ideas there are a few pointers from the experts.
Always take a look around first before coming to a set conclusion. Look at local furniture and design stores or the homes of family and friends for ideas.
Be sure to keep within the theme of your home, otherwise your kitchen may stand out instead of blending in and being unique.
If you are remodeling your kitchen and are going for a more open feel you can take out a wall and open the kitchen to the living area. You may want to add an island in the middle of the kitchen. The kitchen is usually the hub of household activity so design it to fit your family needs.
Color and light play a vital role in kitchen design. You should think about these carefully when you plan your kitchen design ideas.
Contrast your cabinets and walls to make an eye catching statement. Decide if you want to paint or wallpaper or maybe tile the walls. There are many options to choose from.
You also need to decide on a countertop. Will it be marble or granite? Then you could use a tile backsplash to set it off dramatically.
Finally in your kitchen design ideas you should incorporate storage. You may want to add more cabinet space or update the ones you have. Maybe enlarge your pantry or make it more user-friendly.
Essentially, there is no wrong way to go with your own kitchen design ideas. It is your own unique tastes and it is up to you to trust in them.
Digital Library UIN Sunan Kalijaga is powered by EPrints 3 which is developed by the School of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton. More information and software credits.
All Rights Reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopy, recording or any other information storage and retrieval system, without prior permission in writing from the publisher.
I've never been that much of a follower of Fleetwood Mac, but I heard this on the car radio while crossing Michigan and the guitar part just struck me.
guitar case rack inside width is about inches but there is an accessory pocket about 5 1 2 inches wide leaving 1 2 inches for guitars the height from the bottom of guitar case rack canada.
diy guitar case rack plans wooden storage racks for acoustics electrics beautiful woods sweetwater,diy guitar case rack plans fantastic on amazing home design trend with uk,guitar case rack thomann storage plans how i built a wonderfully random diy,guitar case rack uk storage wood the deluxe wooden plans thomann,wooden guitar case rack plans on stage stands string swing uk diy,guitar case rack plans wooden canada storage,guitar case rack canada uk diy plans storage shelves,guitar case rack amazon string swing walnut for electric and canada storage plans,guitar case rack plans for sale the special edition studio deluxe string swing uk,string swing guitar case rack uk storage plans thomann i make these got my guitars off the floor.
Hi, I'm Dan. I'm an aspiring product manager interested in design, user experience, and emerging technologies. I'm currently doing some pretty cool things for the e-commerce world as an Associate Product Manager at Braintree.
Prior to Braintree, I spent a few years in a tech consulting role gaining software implementation, business analysis, and project management experience.
In addition to what I've already told you I enjoy travel, attending conferences, Chicago summers, and University of Iowa athletics.
Below is a listing of common pests that we regularly work to remove from local homes and businesses. So if you have a pest problem or want to make sure you don’t get one, please call us today.
It is very important to properly identify any infestation, prior to treatment, as each pest will have its own treatment protocol that we have designed for effectiveness and safety. This guide can serve as both a reference to the varied services we perform and can help our clients properly identify a current pest problem.
Overlooked Books guarantees your satisfaction. If you receive any titles that you are not happy with, please let us know and we will take it off your invoice, trade it, credit it or whatever it will take to keep you happy. Texas Bound is our guaranteed binding, we guarantee it for the life of the book. We are proud to feature Texas authors and illustrators with Texas State Symbol.
Please log in and click on the category you would like to browse. Click on the titles you like and make a list to attach to a P.O. We do offer cataloging. Free shipping for orders over $500!
If this is your visit to our bookstore, please click the button below to register. It's quick and free!
You are here: CollectionsOnline / Preliminary designs for the library, showing a starfish ceiling, 25 October 1802 (2)
Cricket Lodge, Cricket St Thomas, Somerset: (executed) portico and entrance front, chimney-pieces and interior mouldings, alterations to the kitchen and barn, large north addition, drawing room addition, library, kitchen, granary and pigeon house for Admiral Hood, 1st Viscount Bridport, 1787-1790, 1801-1807 (39)
Drawing 24 appears to be a copy of drawing 23, having the same dimensions. In plan, the library has a rectangular form with semicircular ends and a rectangular recess on one side. A chimney-piece is at one end and a chamfered door at the other. The recess overlooks the north front of the house. The ceilings, as revealed in the elevations, have shallow arcs separated by bold ornamented arches.
The external wall design is constant in all of the plans (drawing 23 to 39), suggesting that the walls of the new extension were already underway and that drawings 23 to 39 are designs for the room's finishings. A survey of this existing wall is shown in the SM archives (progress report 6/32/7).
There’s a new treatment available for Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy called eteplirsen, but unfortunately the FDA approval process has stalled. Learn more from this infographic.
This course provides attendees with theoretical and practical issues in media security. In addition to lectures by the professor, the course includes laboratory sessions, a mini-project, and a mid-term exam.
Final mark will be a weighted sum of the marks of final, and intermedia exams, as well as mini-project and laboratory sessions.
Others Students are encouraged to contact the professor at any time if they have any questions or need any clarification of any of the concepts presented during the course.
It’s no secret we love Halloween. It was my Grandmother’s favorite holiday, and she passed on her love for it to me. Our family copied her idea for a black Halloween tree with eyeballs for ornaments, a papier-mâché undead bride sits on our mantle, we’ve already made festive cupcakes with blood spilling out of them, and we have spiderwebs completely covering our house.
It’s not the gruesome or the scary that makes Halloween so fun, though of course, that’s one of the best parts! Hearts racing, blood pumping, and getting the pants scared off you is a highlight for us, but we love the simplicity of a holiday dedicated wholly to the imagination. Apply it to the food you eat, the costumes you wear, the party you throw, the pranks you play… Halloween is April Fool’s Day, Valentine’s Day, and Summer Break all combined into one and then injected with steroids.
We celebrated our second year at Mickey’s Not So Scary Halloween Party in Orlando Florida at Disney’s Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World (boy, that’s a mouthful). Our first time attending Mickey Mouse’s spook alley was two years ago with friends. We had such an enchanting time we couldn’t resist heading back again.
Mickey’s Not So Scary Halloween Party has all the major components of the perfect Halloween celebration: goodie bags, a great theme, good music, awesome costumes, killer entertainment and a celebrity guest list.
Aside from all the candy corn laced goodies on Mickey’s Not So Scary Halloween Party menu’s, there are candy stops located throughout the park. 14 stops in total. Don’t think you are walking out of there with 14 pieces of candy either. Each stop has 2-6 castmembers each stuffing handfuls of candy in your bag. Good candy like twix, starburst, and m&m’s. None of that smarties crap that cheapo lady buys down the street.
There is no limit to how many times you can go through the line, or how many bags you carry through the line either. Our little guy managed to find two bags and held them back to back as he went through the line. He would get one handful, then flip his bags around and declare, “Now the other side!” Everyone loved his tenacity.
Bring an extra suitcase to take all the candy home. And if you need ideas with what to do with all of it, check out my former life at Fahrenheit350°.
Not only does the park pipe the best Halloween music and all your favorite thriller tunes over the park’s speakers all night long, but they have a dance party with Monster’s Inc! Mike and Sully are jamming to the Top 40 and you get to dance to the beat right along with them.
Come and go at the Monstrous Scream-O-Ween Ball and see new friends every time you pass by! I don’t know who has the energy to actually get down and boogie in that Florida humidity, but it definitely looked crazy fun.
Come dressed up! The bigger, bolder, and brighter the better. This is a party, not an afternoon spent binging on netflix wearing your favorite superhero tshirt. Even the characters are dressed up for Halloween, so you should be too! This is the one time adults can wear costumes into the park, so it’s time to take advantage.
There are a few rules. There are even rules that aren’t listed on the website. The rules state that costumes may not contain any weapons that resemble or could easily be mistaken for an actual weapon, but what they don’t tell you is that you can’t bring guns – period. Even if they are fake guns that only exist in a galaxy where a raccoon and a sentient tree have to save the entirety of humankind with laser blasters with two barrels. You can however sneak in a Han Solo gun if it’s attached to your waist, and not in a bag that you take through security like an honest person. Don’t you feel more safe?
You’ll see a lot of Snow White’s and far fewer Moana’s than you’d imagine, dozens of Incredible’s families, and plenty of Tinkerbell fairies. Other than our own, the best costumes we saw were a family of strictly villains: Evil stepsisters, Cruella De-vil, the underappreciated Ursula, Captain Hook, etc. There were over 10 people in their party, all adults, having a great time.
The sky’s the limit! When imagination is the only limitation you get to witness and partake of some pretty great fun. The park is covered in pumpkins that light up, glow in the dark bubble makers, neon lights and signs, and an eerie glow covers the entire park.
Halfway through the night an absolutely spectacular fireworks show will light up the entire park. Imagine 20 fireworks going off at once! You’ll see fireworks behind the castle, over Haunted Mansion, and over the Mark Twain’s riverboat! You won’t know where to look! The castle is covered in different skins, colors, patterns, and shapes. It’s a storytelling experience only Mickey could pull off with fanfare and obviously, literal fireworks.
You’ll find Cadaver Dan’s quartet singing about grim grinning ghosts. Even said ghosts at Haunted Mansion let loose and come outside to taunt and torment. We found one of the ghosts outside the mansion sitting on a bench on the hill telling the guests how frightful they were.
The who’s who of Mickey Mouse and friends are all in attendance. And I mean everyone, as in all 7 dwarfs, Jack and Sally, the headless horseman, the Mad Hatter, Cruella de-Vil, Lotso Hugging Bear, even the Queen of hearts and her lackey’s Tweedledee and Tweedledum.
If all that isn’t enough, the main event of the night is the Boo To You Halloween Parade. Zombies, undead brides, Jack Sparrow, Vanellope and Wreck it Ralph, a hoe-down farm dance complete with silo – seriously, it’s all there!
There is also a Hocus Pocus Spelltacular castle show that includes the Oogie Boogie Man from Nightmare Before Christmas, Shadow Man from Princess and the Frog and other villains who each serenade us with their catchy songs. Unless this is your absolute favorite movie of all time, you’re probably better off riding rides or eating a candy corn swirl cone.
Have you celebrated Halloween with Mickey Mouse before? What is your favorite part of the night? What did you dress up as? Let’s swap stories!
Check out our first visit to Mickey’s Not So Scary Halloween Party where we cover more of the details and specifics of the party, and all our Tutorials for our family Guardians of the Galaxy Costumes.
Next articleEating Our Way through 46 Countries in 1 Day | Our Family’s Experience at the International Food and Wine Festival at Epcot in Walt Disney World, Orlando, Florida
Wife, mother, author, and adventure seeker. No place is too obscure, no country is too far, no place is off limits. Except North Korea, I only have a mild curiosity about what it would be like to travel there.
how to buy propecia uk cheapest claritin cafergot suppositories buy anyone buy generic viagra online buy propecia
CUA's program in Early Childhood Special Education offers graduate students the opportunity to complete a dual licensure program through our Master of Arts degree (M.A.) or Graduate Teacher Certification Program (GTCP). It prepares post-baccalaureate candidates to become reflective practitioners able to work in early childhood settings within public, private, and parochial schools. Students learn how to help infants and young children with exceptional needs develop so that they can become successful in a diverse and changing society.
The CUA program fosters the development of skills and expertise so that graduates can work collaboratively in a network of early childhood settings and a variety of programs, including early intervention, public elementary schools, public charter schools, Head Start, and preschools. The University places a strong emphasis on cross-cultural sensitivities and backgrounds, especially bilingual language development and bilingual school settings. The program is also notable for its family-centered emphasis.
CUA's program in Early Childhood Special Education offers graduate students the opportunity to complete a dual licensure program through our Master of Arts degree (M.A.) or Graduate Teacher Certification Program (GTCP).
EDUC 532 Modification and Adaptation of Curriculum and Instruction of The Exceptional Individual X X
Two Research Papers are required for the M.A. in Early Childhood Special Education. One research paper is written in EDUC 699: Introduction to Educational Research and the second research paper in EDUC 702: Advanced Foundations of Education.
Early Childhood Special Education candidates are required to complete three field experiences, which occur during the summer: the first field experience occurs in the summer term following their first term of coursework; the second and third field experiences occur in the second and final summer semester. Together, the three field experiences and course fieldwork total 500 hours.
Candidates' teaching practices are observed and evaluated by University supervisors, during EDUC 532 and again in EDUC 575. The overall evaluation of student teaching is conducted twice; the initial observation occurs during EDUC 532: Modification and Adaptation of Curriculum and Instruction of the Exceptional Individual. The final observation occurs in the final field experience during EDUC 575: Supervised Internship: Early Childhood. The midterm evaluation is a formative assessment conducted by the University supervisor, the student's cooperating teacher and the student (three-way assessment). During this three-way assessment, goals for improvement of the student's performance are developed. The final evaluation is a summative, three-way evaluation of overall student teaching performance with input from the candidate, cooperating teacher and university supervisor.
Gift of Kenneth Paul Block, made possible with the generous assistance of Jean S. and Frederic A. Sharf
Office 2016 for Mac is designed from the ground up to take advantage of the latest Mac features, including Retina display, full screen view support, and even scroll bounce. It’s the perfect combination of the Office you know and trust, and the Mac you love.
Create and share professional-looking documents with state-of-the-art editing, reviewing, and sharing tools. The new Design tab provides quick access to features, and Smart Lookup shows relevant contextual information from the web directly inside Word.
Analyze and visualize your data in new and intuitive ways with a fresh user interface plus your favorite keyboard shortcuts. Leverage features like Analysis Toolpak, Slicers, and Formula Builder to save time, so you can focus on insights.
Create, collaborate, and effectively present your ideas with new slide transitions and an improved Animations task pane. Threaded comments alongside your slides help you incorporate feedback into your presentations. And Presenter View displays the current slide, next slide, speaker notes, and a timer on your Mac, while projecting only the presentation to your audience on the big screen.
It’s your very own digital notebook, so you can keep notes, ideas, web pages, photos, even audio and video all in one place. Whether you’re at home, in the office, or on the move, you can take it all with you wherever you go while sharing and collaborating with others. It’s great for school assignments, work projects, travel plans, party planning, and more.
Easily manage your email, calendar, contacts, and tasks. Push email support keeps your inbox up to date, conversation view groups related messages, and calendars can be viewed side-by-side for planning.
English, Arabic, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Turkish
We're delighted to annouce that one of our chefs, Becky Coomber is a finalist in the Oscars of the education catering industry - the 2018 Educatering Awards. Each day, Becky and her team serve a wide range of freshly cooked meals, made using local produce, to more than 1,800 staff and students across five outlets at a large secondary school near Norwich. With a burgeoning hospitality department, a Business Centre on-site, after-school events to cater for and two primary schools to cook for, Becky is a highly effective chef and manager organising and motivating her team to create exciting, nutritious dishes that keep children of all ages happy and healthy.
In the course of his reign over the previous Soviet Union, Joseph Stalin oversaw the compelled resettlement of six million humans вЂ“ a maniacal ardour that he used for social engineering. The Soviets weren't the 1st to thrust resettlement on its inhabitants вЂ“ a huge attribute of totalitarian platforms вЂ“ yet when it comes to sheer numbers, applied sciences used to deport humans and the lawlessness which followed it, StalinвЂ™s technique was once the main striking. Six million humans of alternative social, ethnic, and professions have been resettled sooner than StalinвЂ™s demise. Even at the present time, the aftermath of such deportations mostly predetermines occasions which happen within the northern Caucasus, Crimea, the Baltic republics, Moldavia, and western Ukraine.
PolianвЂ™s quantity is the 1st try to comprehensively research the historical past of compelled and semi-voluntary inhabitants hobbies inside of or equipped by means of the Soviet Union. Contents variety from the early Nineteen Twenties to the rehabilitation of repressed nationalities within the Nineties, facing inner (kulaks, ethnic and political deportations) and foreign pressured migrations (German internees and occupied territories).
An abundance of proof, figures, tables, maps, and an exhaustively-detailed annex will function very important assets for extra researches.
The Europeanization of Migration Policy: The Schengen Acquis between the Priorities of Legal Harmonization and Fragmentation
The legislative dynamic within the post-Amsterdam period is more and more demanding the Schengen Acquis because it ends up in either felony harmonization and fragmentation. SIS, EURODAC, Prüm and, extra lately, VIS have replaced Europe’s legislation enforcement experts significantly. even if, it's questionable no matter if the fragmented criminal harmonization delivers enough compensatory measures in mild of the expanding foreign felony hyperlinks and illicit migration in the Schengen nations.
Not like the wave of immigration that got here via Ellis Island after which subsided, immigration to the U.S. from Mexico has been nearly uninterrupted for 100 years. during this vividly certain publication, Tomás R. Jiménez takes us into the lives of later-generation descendents of Mexican immigrants, soliciting for the 1st time how this consistent inflow of immigrants from their ethnic fatherland has formed their assimilation.
The biggest unmarried immigration of Germans to the USA, and the main strange, happened in Texas round the center of the 19th century. The association shaped to direct this German colonization of Texas grew to become popularly referred to as the Adelsverein (The Society of Noblemen). the major determine during this cost used to be Carl, Prince of Solms-Braunfel, appointed Commissioner-General through the Adelsverein.
The 1st well known background of the previous American slaves who based, governed, and misplaced Africa's first republicIn 1820, a bunch of approximately 80 African americans reversed the process background and sailed again to Africa, to a spot they might identify after liberty itself. They went less than the banner of the yank Colonization Society, a white philanthropic association with a twin schedule: to rid the US of its blacks, and to transform Africans to Christianity.
And yet after 1861, it was the Jews themselves who were “inferior” to every other equivalent group. Expulsion and other types of repression of Jews only increased in the late 19th century, thus placing increased pressure on them to leave and triggering a new wave of mass Jewish emigration from Russia, predominantly to the USA, and to Palestine, when possible. It was large-scale deportation of Jews from Moscow and Rostovon-Don in 1891–1892 that played the decisive role in this process. The Jewish population in Moscow comprised categories holding different status.
Maksheyev, who used the reserves of the Novosibirsk and Tomsk regional state archives. Regrettably, archives possessed by some official bodies are still hardly accessible, although there is an urgent need for this material; and this makes any exhaustive research unrealistic. As a rule, the text omits references to various decrees, resolutions, rulings, orders and other legal documents authorizing various official practices and operations in the area of forced migrations in the USSR. A compiled annotated list of these documents, which was Introduction 13 compiled as a result of the examination of academic sources, is offered as an attachment.
12 This mere fact renders any criticism regarding Nekrich’s unawareness of archive materials rather inappropriate (see Bugay, Gonov, 25, 26). ” It will suffice to recall a succession of events described in the Old Testament, largely involving accounts of particular episodes from the life of Jews “resettled” in Egypt, Babylon, and other countries of the Old-Testament Diaspora. At the other end of the Eurasia mainland, back in the 3rd century BC, Chinese emperor Qin Shi Huangdi ordered the execution of 500 scholars and the resettlement of hundreds of thousands of families from northern to southern China.
Ukrieplieniie Books > Emigration Immigration > Against Their Will: The History and Geography of Forced by Pavel Polian
Granting the Devil More than His Due: Dualism, the Devil, and the Problem of Evil [Faith Presbyterian Church of Newtown, PA (Bucks County)]
As we set out to examine some of the tensions inhering in the problem of evil, we Christians do so as with one great advantage – our faith. We believe that God really is as he reveals himself in Scripture to be, such that, when we approach the problem of evil, we do so not to have God prove himself to us, but rather to learn more about the God in whom we already believe, in order in turn that we might more conform our lives to his will.
But those who approach the problem of evil from a stance of faithlessness, or from one of skepticism with regard to the veracity of God’s word, are liable to fall into the path of error. This is so because, unless we be anchored by prior faith in the God who reveals himself in Scripture, then all we find as we approach the problem of evil is a set of seemingly contradictory data. And in the absence of the assurance of faith, the temptation becomes overwhelming to set about “fixing” this data, to make it fit into a pattern which we find acceptable. In short, we find ourselves in the business of re-imaging God, concocting an idea of God in the hope that we might then be so convinced of it as to place our faith in it. But this of course is idolatry; it’s the difference between believing in the living God and believing in some idea of God which is merely the fruit of our imaginings.
Dualism arises, as I hope we will see, in similar circumstances as this. It comes to expression and formulation when people approach the problem of evil without being anchored to God in faith, or with some measure of skepticism that God is or could be as he reveals himself in Scripture to be.
In this paper, we’ll be turning our attention to one of the most persistently recurring, but fundamentally wrong solutions to the problem – which is, the wrong path of dualism. And as we examine this, we will in turn be considering the Devil, as to his nature and his character and his work.
But first, it’s probably a good idea that we state the fundamental issue here. The problem of evil arises when we come to perceive the inhering tensions between, on the one hand, our belief in God’s omnipotence and omnibenevolence, and, on the other hand, our acknowledgment of the reality of evil. Here’s the most concise way I can put the problem, which we can phrase in the form of a question: Given that we have defined evil as “that of which God disapproves,” yet we’re left with a really hard question: “How can it be that the God who has ordained all that comes to pass yet disapproves of much of what actually transpires?” Or again, “How can God disapprove of that which he ordained?” That, as we’ll see, is the theological heart of the issue, and the dynamics of that tension are will underlie everything we’ll be discussing through the course of this paper.
Here’s a sort of fun definition of dualism: As simply as we can put it, dualism is “giving the Devil more than his due.” Or in more detail perhaps, we might say that dualism consists in “granting a power and a permanence to the principle of evil which Scripture doesn’t warrant.” Dualism is one of the possible “forced” resolutions to the problem of evil, by which the data of Scripture is jammed into the box of our own re-imaging, as we endeavor to rationalize, to harmonize, and to domesticate the God who reveals himself in Scripture into better accord with our own projected imaginings and compulsions. Dr. Robert Norris has said that “Bad theology leads to bad practice.” Well, as we’ll see, diabology – and there’s a new word I picked up from these studies, diabology, the study of the Devil – diabology in the hands of bad theologians leads to really bad theology, and from there onto really bad practice.
Now, as we begin to analyze the nature of dualism, and the factors which give rise to its expression, we come to see that it can appear in two distinct forms. On the one hand – and by the way, these terms are not systematic theological terms, but terms of my own coining, to help us think through some of these things – on the one hand, there is what might be called systematic, or philosophical, dualism, which proceeds from a sort of systematic thinking-through of the philosophical issues inhering in the problem of evil and the subsequent formulation of formal systems of thought on that basis. And then, on the other hand, there is what might be called accidental, or happenstance, dualism, which arises in a less philosophically-driven, less formal manner, but consists rather in the de facto views of individuals as they’ve been shaped by personal experiences. In short, systematic dualism can be thought of as “dualism-from-above,” dualism consciously elaborated; intentional dualism; while accidental dualism, “dualism-from-below,” the dualism of everyday conceptions of things, arises, as its name indicates, quite unintentionally. But the key thing is that both are ultimately characterized by the same thing: which is that both are all about giving the Devil more than his due, and granting more power and more permanence to the principle of evil than is warranted by Scripture.
Now… we’ll turn to a discussion of the theological aspects of dualism in a few minutes, but I wanted first to walk very briefly through some of the historical manifestations of dualism as they have come to formulation throughout the history of the church.
Systematic, intentional, dualism, has appeared over and over again, either outside the bounds of the church – for example as we’ll see, in the Persian dualist religion of Zoroastrianism – or as heresies arising at the margins of the Christian community, influenced by Christian thought but so re-worked as to bear little resemblance to those initial Christian influences – for example here, we’d note the strange doctrines of the second century heretic, Marcion; or the fully-blown religio-dualist systems of Gnosticism and Manichaeism, from the second century forward; or again, the various revivals of this dualist religion through the course of the Middle Ages, most notably by the Cathars of southern France during the twelfth and thirteenth centuries. The point is, that systematic, intentional, dualism is the stuff of heresies, or of wholly non-Christian religious formulations.
I’d like to just take a few moments now to show you what I mean when I said that diabology in the hands of bad theologians leads to really bad theology. We’re going to do a ninety-second history of dualism here, so get ready! Briefly, we’d note that the Persians were the first to formulate a fully-blown religion based around the dualist principle. It’s not, of course, that they were the first to devise or to think in dualist terms, but their religion, Zoroastrianism, is the first and most systematically dualistic religion we encounter. The Zoroastrians see – note “see” not “saw”; there are still actual Zoroastrians running around out there! – the Zoroastrians see ultimate reality as consisting of two eternal and mutually irreducible principles – light and darkness, corresponding to good and evil, respectively. And, in this view, the entirety of cosmic history can be understood as the outworking of the ceaseless struggle between these principles. And the battleground, the epicenter, of this conflict is the human soul itself, torn as it is between these two cosmic imperatives.
Now, as this Persian dualistic thinking made its way into the Hellenistic, Greek-speaking world, it fused there with the dualistic concepts of the Greeks – and specifically of the Platonists – who had come to posit a radical dualism as between the realm of eternal ideas, or the Forms, on the one hand, and the dark, dense, transitory, and ultimately illusory and bad realm of matter. So the effect was that the Greeks added a new layer of complexity to the dualist brew, so as now to posit two eternally opposed alignments, consisting of, on the one hand, the eternally stable realm of light, goodness, Idea, spirit, vs., on the other hand, the eternally transitory realm of darkness, evil, and matter, and flesh. And the human soul, the old Persian battleground, came increasingly to be seen as a fragment of that good realm which had been ensnared and imprisoned in the realm of density and darkness and flesh. Thus, the goal of life in this view becomes figuring out how we might escape from this dark realm, so as to rejoin the realm of light, which is our true, our spiritual, home.
Next, as this battery of thought worked its way in varying degrees into the thinking of Christians, a number of heresies arose – and these heresies were characterized most significantly perhaps by their willing to break the unity of Scripture, so as to posit a radical difference in kind as between the Creator God of the Old Testament and the Redeemer God of the New Testament. Since, as we’ve seen, matter had come to be regarded as evil, well, then the Creator God – the guy who actually takes credit for this act which is seen to have imprisoned our eternal souls in the darkness of flesh and the bounding of matter – must necessarily be evil. The Creator God in this view comes to be identified with Plato’s notion of the Master Craftsman – not the Creator of all things, ex nihilo, by the power of his word, and all very good; not the God of Scripture in other words – but merely the shaper of pre-existent, unformed, chaotic, dark matter. He bound up eternal forms in the prison of matter, subjecting them to all the horrors of transience. With such a depressing view of matter, the Creator God could only be seen as evil. And it was to undo the damage of this evil God, this Master Craftsman, that the redeemer God of the New Testament sends Jesus out of the fullness of the realm of light to restore us to our proper freedom, freeing us from the bondage of our fleshly containment. Now we’re thinking in the mindset of fully-blown Gnosticism, and we can see just how far this thought has strayed from the doctrine of Scripture.
But it gets even worse! This God, this Craftsman, who imprisoned us comes to be identified as the Devil, as it is he by whose will we are being kept in bondage! And more, since our natural, created condition was evil, then therefore that to which the Christians refer as the Fall was in fact the beginning of their liberation! When the Serpent incited Man to rebel against his confined and ignorant condition, well, surely he did us a great favor, right? So, indeed, the Serpent comes to be revered, as the very precursor of Christ.
Now, this is really, really bad theology! Having set out to resolve the problem of evil – and we’ll get into the theological dynamics of this process in a few moments – but having set out thus, but without being anchored by faith to the God who reveals himself in Scripture, dualist thinking had actually managed wholly to invert the central doctrines of Scripture. They end up identifying God with the Devil, and the Devil with Christ! What can we say, but that you basically can’t get much more wrong than that.
Well, that was a way-too-brief tour through some of the historical manifestations of systematic, intentional dualism. But we also mentioned accidental, or unintentional, dualism. Dualism of this type often exists silently, within the structures of the orthodox community, in the form of various unspoken and (certainly) unofficial assumptions about the nature of evil or about the nature and character of the Devil. As we’ve said, this sort of dualism doesn’t arise so much from philosophical speculation on the problem of evil, as from the experiences and perceptions of individuals. Here, in other words, we enter the domain of popular misconceptions. And what’s interesting, from a cultural point of view – though perhaps alarming, from a theological point of view – is that the aggregate of these popular misconceptions tends to find its expression in the larger popular culture, which in its turn takes these misconceptions and sort of “iconizes” them. Think, for example, of the popular perception of the Devil’s appearance and demeanor – I mean, every six year-old seems to know exactly what the Devil looks like; they may even dress up like him on Halloween, right? – but then consider that almost none of it is biblically-grounded. So the popular culture has this way of taking this aggregate of misconceptions and, sort of, institutionalizing them as icons, or motifs, or assumptions, which are then passed on to and powerfully shape the perceptions of other people within the orbit of that culture.
For a more important example, then, than the Devil’s appearance, consider the popular understanding of his role in the scheme of things. I think you’d probably agree that it’s something an undeniable fact that, at least a very large number of people who profess to believe in the Devil, don’t see him – as the Bible presents him – as a creature, a sinner, and as a rebel against God, who like all unredeemed sinners will suffer God’s wrath in the Lake of Fire. That’s not the image of the Devil which we see reflected in the popular culture, is it? Rather, he is seen as a sort of King of Hell, a sort of Lord of Evil; the thought being that, when you die, if you’ve been bad, you’ll be sent to Hell, which is seen as a sort of eternal fiery realm over which the Devil reigns forever with gleeful malice… But this view is really just an expression of unintentional dualism. It gives the Devil more than his due. And the problem for our society is that, however unintentional this dualism may be, yet the aggregate of these misconceptions ends up having very large-scale effects – because, as we’ve seen, the engine of popular culture is like a screen that reflects and powerfully magnifies the popular imagination, with all its errors, and then passes all of this along to others. And we can see that it’s in this way that the unintentional dualism which abides in our ranks has been feeding the dualism of the culture at large, through the reflecting and magnifying lens of popular culture.
And in this regard, do you remember when Rob pointed out that much of what we think we know about the Devil is actually mediated through Milton, not the Bible? Well, that’s a good point, but I dare say that in modern America, unfortunately, much of what we think we know about the Devil is no longer mediated through anything so lofty as the literature of Milton – let alone God’s Word in Scripture! – but through Hollywood – and here, think, The Exorcist, Damien Omen II, or any number of movies in which the Devil is the star attraction. And what becomes distressingly apparent is that there is a pattern in all of these movies, according to which the Devil’s power is close at hand, and tangible and terrifying, while God’s power, though perhaps benign, is distant and rarified and weak, and the recurring principle seems to be goodness only triumphs when good people save themselves. This is really bad theology, by the way! But for the purposes of our discussion, I’d like us to see that these movies fuel the popular and prevailing dualism, in which evil is seen as an inherent and irreducible aspect of ultimate reality. Evil is seen as at least the equal of goodness, sharing a sort of co-sovereignty in the scheme of things, such that good and evil are set against one another in an eternal conflict, in a war without resolution whose battleground is our soul… But none of this conforms to what Scripture tells us about these issues, and it’s our responsibility as Christians to know what the doctrine of Scripture is and then share it with others, hopefully with such impact as to bring popular culture, that reflecting screen of the popular imagination, back away from its heavily dualist emphasis.
Harold Bloom is a professor up at Yale who wrote a fascinating book titled The American Religion. If anyone has a chance, and if you haven’t read it yet, I’d suggest you go out and read it sometime. Warning: Bloom is a self-declared Gnostic, and his ideas can be quite vexing. He comes as close as I’ve ever seen a non-Christian writer come to an acknowledgment of the beauty and power of the gospel – and for that, you’ll have to see his section on the Southern Baptists – and yet in the end – it’s so sad – he misses the mark, and misses thereby what he’d come to close to acknowledging, which is his own, as our own, need of God’s grace in Jesus Christ. Even so, in spite of these weaknesses, the book is superbly insightful about the state of our culture as it expresses itself in the religious sphere. And his central argument is that the de facto American religion, right now… is Gnosticism. Now, he bases this claim on many things, but for the purposes of our discussion, one of the most important of these Gnostic tendencies which he discerns is the pervasive dualism which exists in the popular imagination, which sees good and evil, either as two principles, separate and co-eternal, and existing as it were in their own respective spheres of sovereignty; or as two aspects of the same ultimate reality, set in opposition to one another in an eternal struggle, and whose only goal in the end is achieving some sort of balance.
And for a popular manifestation of this outlook, think of Star Wars. I know that it may seem strange to consider Star Wars in the context of a presumably serious discussion of religion – I mean, after all, it’s just a dumb movie series, right? But I would argue that, no, in fact, as we enter the sloppy landscape of modern American spirituality, we come to appreciate that the underlying religious message of Star Wars is actually reflective of a much wider – and significantly, a much widening – phenomenon of an emergent systematic dualism in our culture. And note, I’m not here to trash Star Wars; I’ve enjoyed the series. But even so, I think we really need to be aware that the philosophical worldview which gives Star Wars its dramatic tension is really no more than reformulated Persian dualism. I mean, Star Wars is Zoroastrianism in space, with a little bit of the Yin-Yang balance thing, and some really silly science thrown in to boot! (And, by the way, it’s very interesting in this regard to note that, insofar as Star Wars can be said to reflect an emergent dualism in our national psychology, it shows that this expression of dualism has shed a great deal of the philosophical complexity of the Greeks, with their antithesis of form and matter, and actually brings us back to the much simpler formulations of Persian-style dualism, with its simpler opposition of light and darkness, good and evil.) Anyway! We come to see that Star Wars’ underlying religious dynamic is that ultimate reality consists of “the Force,” which in turn works itself out as two eternally opposed principles – the light side (good) and the dark side (evil) – ever struggling against the other, yet resolving ultimately into the goal of balance. And, just as we saw with the Zoroastrians, here too we see that the battleground and epicenter of this struggle is in the human soul – “Luke, beware of the dark side!” Well, this view of the nature of ultimate reality ain’t Scriptural; it’s not even close. It’s dualism. And it’s dualism, in the sense that it grants to evil a power and a permanence, and a necessity in the scheme of things, which is all out of proportion to that which Scripture would warrant.
So in summary, then: when we hear people speaking about the eternality of evil, or of the ultimate necessity of evil, or in such manner as to concede to evil a sort of co-sovereignty in the scheme of things, then we’re running into evidence of dualism. We’re encountering that worldview which gives the Devil more than his due.
All right, so, with all this in mind, let’s go a little deeper, and let’s analyze the nature of Dualism as from a systematic perspective. To do this, let’s recall how we framed the question of the problem of evil up front in our discussion. We’ve defined evil as “that of which God disapproves.” And, given this definition, we asked, “How can it be that the God who has ordained all that comes to pass yet disapproves of much of what actually transpires? How can he disapprove of what he himself ordained?” And we can put this in a still clearer form by presenting it in its classic, syllogism form, as follows:
1.	God is all-powerful (he is omnipotent, he is the sovereign Lord, controlling all); 2.	God is all-good (he is omnibenevolent; he is the authoritative Judge, evaluating all); but 3.	Evil exists – and it does so persistently and pervasively.
The problem here, of course, is that the third statement doesn’t seem to follow from the previous two. Indeed, it’s a situation that seems logically impossible. I mean, it seems that, either God has the power to be rid of evil, but chooses not to be rid of it, with the seeming implication that he can’t then be all-good; or that God has the will to be rid of evil, but cannot be rid of it, with the seeming implication that he can’t then be all-powerful. Simply put, an all-good, all-powerful God seems wholly incompatible with the presence and persistence of evil. It seems that, if we attempt to hold to both principles, both to God’s all-power and to his all-goodness, we end up with the seeming inconsistency of asserting that God disapproves of some of what he himself ordained.
Now, note that all of this would be fine – logically, if not theologically-speaking – if we decided that God were merely omnipotent, and not worry about emphasizing his omnibenevolence as such. Then it would be easy enough to explain away the presence of evil by redefining evil as being merely an instrumentality of his omnipotence as it works itself out in the scheme of things. And in fact we could find a battery of verses and Scriptural motifs in support of this. For example, see Genesis 50:20, where Joseph says to his brothers, “You intended evil against me, but God intended it for good, to accomplish what is now being done – the saving of many lives.” And what a remarkable foreshadowing that is of the authorities in Jerusalem who sought and secured the execution of our Lord; surely they intended evil against him, but God intended it for good – indeed, to accomplish what is now being done – the saving of many lives. And when we combine these ideas with any number of other passages which emphasize God’s sovereignty, his total control and foreordination of whatsoever comes to pass (and for this, we might look to Jeremiah 18; Romans 9-11; Ephesians 1; and so on), then the evidence seems clear: God is the sovereign Lord; and in the outworking of his omnipotence toward the end which he has decreed from before the beginning, evil serves – quite despite itself, even despite its rebellious and malicious intent – to advance his very ends. In short, were we to consider evil only from the perspective of God’s omnipotence, we might conclude that evil is but an instrumental thing – a necessary evil, as it were – in the outworking of God’s sovereignty.
But the problem here of course is that God is not merely omnipotent, but is omnibenevolent as well. When we go too far in the direction of re-defining evil as the instrumentality of God’s sovereign will, we end up losing our basic mooring in the pervasive Scriptural emphasis that evil is fundamentally that of which God disapproves. The Bible attests, over and over again, that God is not the author of evil; that in fact, he loathes, he detests it, as wickedness and rebellion. Moreover, Scripture gives clear, abundant, and unambiguous testimony as to the fact and reality and intensity of the struggle against evil, which extends even to the heavenly places. So we read in 1 John 3:8, that Jesus “appeared for this purpose: to destroy the works of the Devil.” And likewise the Devil, and the Devil’s own – the seed of the Serpent – have throughout the course of human history been endeavoring to destroy the works and plans of God and God’s people. There is a very real struggle here whose implications we cannot deny, lest in the process we deny the very work of Christ himself at the Cross. Clearly, evil is not merely the instrumentality of God in his role of sovereign King, but is also that against which he struggles in his role of righteous Judge. So we find ourselves back in the heart of the tension engendered by consideration of the problem of evil…
Or again, we could try to get around the problem the other way. It would be fine – logically, if not theologically-speaking – if we decided that God were merely omnibenevolent, and not worry about emphasizing his omnipotence as such. Then we could explain away evil as being that of which God disapproves, and against which he struggles, but over which he hasn’t been able to overcome. In short, this view proceeds from the conviction that, had God the power to rid the world of evil he would certainly have done so, precisely because he should have done so. So therefore, the fact that he hasn’t done so means that he’s unable to do so. And so we’ve voided of all significance all the biblical testimony as to God’s sovereignty, and have granted to the principle of evil a power and permanence and necessity which Scripture in no way warrants.
Well, what then are we to do with these inhering tensions? I’ve suggested that when we set out to grapple with the problem of evil not from the vantage of faith, the temptation to re-image God in accord with our own imaginings becomes overwhelming. And yet when we do this, we inevitably end up in one of two shipwrecked estates: we end up either in the estate of Denial, or in that of Surrender.
So, with regard to Denial: as we’ve seen, we can uphold the omnipotence of God, and simply deny that there’s a problem of evil at all. What appears as evil is no more than God’s mysterious will, the outworking of his omnipotence. This is the Muslim solution, as we’ll see in an upcoming lecture. But for now, we would note simply that the problem with this is that the reality of evil and its consequences tends inexorably to put such pressure on this stance of denial that there is in fact any problem of evil, that it must in the end recoil backwards, as it were, so as to undermine any effective belief in God’s all-goodness. When, in short, we deny the reality and extent of the problem of evil, our belief in God’s goodness is the chief casualty. To deny the problem of evil is to deny Christ and the work of the Cross – which of course is exactly what the logic of Islam leads Muslims to do. Denial of the problem of evil is thus not only false, but undermines belief in God’s goodness. Denial’s not the way to go.
On the other hand, we can become so subsumed in the problem of evil, so appalled at the pervasiveness of its effects, as effectively to Surrender to it. In this false solution, we uphold the all-goodness of God, but do so at the expense of his power. We say, God would help us if he could; and he does, the best that he can. So in this, evil comes to be perceived as an irreducible principle, set against and in permanent opposition to God, who is on our side, but not finally, not really, in control. The key dynamic here is struggle – permanent, perpetual, spiritual warfare between good and evil, light and darkness. And this is Dualism – once again, the view which grants the Devil more than his due, which cedes more power and more permanence to the principle of evil than is warranted by Scripture.
So we see that when we attempt to force matters to conform to our own will, and to fit the fullness of God into the absurd package of our own finitude, we end up shipwrecked, either in Denial or Surrender. And we see that, between them, these so-called solutions have the effect of undermining the central affirmations of the entirety of Scripture. We see that the one – Surrender, dualism – ends up denying the Lordship of God, while the other – denial, Islam – ends up denying the Lordship and work of Christ. The lesson for us: when we approach the real tensions which inhere in the problem of evil, we’d better do so as being anchored by faith to the reality of our great and gracious God. When we attempt to force the data, and to re-image God into the shape of an idea upon which we then hope to place our trust and faith, this is the path of idolatry, and it is a sure way to theological shipwreck. As we saw with the Gnostic dualists, they ended up identifying God with the Devil, and the Devil with Christ. Diabology in the hands of bad theologians leads to really, really bad theology, and from thence onto bad practice.
All right, but now let’s shift gears a bit. We’ve discussed some of the philosophical weaknesses of Dualism. We’ve seen that it really represents surrender to the problem of evil, such that the affirmation of God’s sovereignty is undermined, even as the Devil is granted a sovereignty that he does not in fact have. But now, let’s go deeper still into these issues. I think it’s fair to say that, if the tendency of most Christians is to err on the side of overemphasizing the extent of the struggle against evil, the tendency among many of us Reformed-types can lean toward the opposite direction, toward underemphasizing the extent of that struggle. It’s not, as per the usual accusation, that we overemphasize the extent of God’s sovereignty – we can’t do that; but rather, that we tend at times to ignore the extent of the real tension which exists between God’s sovereignty and the real struggle against evil. Yes, contra dualist tendencies, it is crucial that we remember that Satan is a created being, that his range of activity is decisively limited by God’s decree, and that he will, as a reprobate creature who rebelled against his Creator, suffer the same fate, Hell, as all reprobate sinners. But it is just as crucial that we remember the very context of our salvation, by which Christ came to destroy the works of the Devil. The struggle with evil is real, and it reaches even to the heavenlies. God is sovereign, yes; but Christ also came to do real battle, and so must we be prepared for this battle.
Now, one point, briefly, before turning to the biblical testimony pertaining to the Devil: recall that we were left after the first week with something of a perplexing tension between moral evil (i.e., the fact and consequences of sin, of creaturely rebellion against the Creator) and natural evil (i.e., sort of a catchall for everything which we couldn’t really attribute in any obvious or proximate way to sin – for example, natural disasters or diseases). We realized that there was a problem, in that these are really two distinct concepts linked by a common term – “evil” – but wholly different in foundation – such that, while moral evil is seen to be grounded in rebellion, and can be seen ultimately to be man’s fault; natural evil, so perceived, seems to be no more than a mechanistic outworking of the design of things, and well… dare we say it? God’s fault. We even have a legal term for it, right?… “Act of God.” So, when we proceed from a human rather than a Scriptural perspective on the matter of evil, we end up on a blasphemous note, and in the grip of a perplexing tension.
So we turned to Scripture for help. And here’s what we found. (1) We found that Scripture’s focus was not upon natural evil, but continually upon moral evil, upon the fact of creaturely sin against the Creator; (2) we concurred with C.S. Lewis that the overwhelming preponderance of all human suffering does seem to be the result and consequence of humans sinning against one another; (3) we saw that Scripture shows us that much of what might have seemed without the light of revelation to be natural evil is in fact the outworking of God’s righteous wrath for sin, and is therefore in no way evil (see, for example, the plagues in Egypt); and finally (4) we affirmed that Scripture shows God as wholly sovereign, as having ordained all that comes to pass… Yet, even given all this insight as to the nature and character of evil, such that we can in fact, in light of these factors, account for much of the evil which besets us, yet even so we’re left still with a serious problem. And that is, that human sin, taken by itself, barely seems adequate in itself to bear the entire weight of sin in the cosmos. There remains the problem of what philosophers refer to as gratuitous evil – that is, pain and suffering and misery which neither arises from human sin in any proximate manner, nor can it be justly imputed to God’s righteous wrath – for example, in situations in which the innocent suffer.
And this is where Satan comes in! When we consider Satan as he really is – that is, as a created moral agent, a sinner, and a rebel against God – we see that humans are not the only agents of evil operating in God’s creation. And in light of this, we can affirm the following: (1) not all human suffering can rightly be described as evil (as Scripture defines it, as that of which God disapproves, for, as we’ve seen, sometimes God is punishing us for our sins, and this punishment is not evil, but profoundly just); but (2) all evil, so defined, is ultimately moral in nature, consisting in creaturely rebellion against the Creator; yet (3) not all evil originates in human rebellion and sin only. In summary, though all evil may be seen as from the Scriptural perspective as sin, yet not all sin is perpetrated by humans. And in light of this, our consideration of moral evil is expanded to a much greater scale and scope than we might have imagined as by reference to human sin alone. The scale of sin in the cosmos is terrifying as we come to apprehend it, and yet our comfort in this is the knowledge that Christ, our Victor, has already won the battle for us. As in all of this, God is ever both profoundly great and profoundly good.
We come then to Satan, as he is portrayed in Scripture, and to the scope and reality of the struggle against evil. I won’t get to spend as much time on this as I would have liked. But for the purposes of our topic, I’d only point out a few significant details which have special bearing on our discussion of dualism, and on the tensions inhering in our considerations of the problem of evil. Satan’s name in Hebrew, satan, means “the Adversary.” He is also called the Devil, diabolos, in Greek, meaning “the Accuser.” And together, these titles are an appropriate reflection of his character, aren’t they? He is our adversary, inciting us, deceiving us, ensnaring us, and then accusing us. He is, further, identified with the Serpent, the ancient Dragon, who seduced man into his rebellion and ruin. He is thus the tempter of men, inciting us to sin. He is the great deceiver, a sort of Anti-Logos, a corrupter of words and a twister of meanings, and posing as an angel of light. Moreover, he is identified with Apollyon, “the Destroyer,” the ruler of the Abyss; and with Beelzebub, prince of the demons. He is likened to a roaring lion, roaming the earth so as to devour his prey. Jesus declares him to be the “father” of sinful rebellion and a liar from the beginning, and can be seen in this sense as the father of the sons of Belial, or Destruction. As such, he is the spiritual progenitor of the serpent seed, the reprobate haters of God’s elect, who work to corrupt and destroy God’s people. The Devil, finally, is “the evil one”; the “prince” or “god” of this world-in-its-rebellion, a murderer and the father of lies. In all, writes J.I. Packer, “the picture of one of unimaginable meanness, malice, fury, and cruelty directed against God, against God’s truth, and against those whom God has extended his saving love.”
But the crucial motif to recognize as we think about the nature and character of Satan is that the reality of the struggle against evil is the background against which Christ’s triumph, his victory, over Satan, is made abundantly clear. Christ came to destroy the works of the Devil. On this, John Murray writes: “It is most significant that the work of Christ, which is so central in our Christian faith, is essentially a work of destruction that terminates upon the power and work of Satan. This is not a peripheral or incidental feature of redemption. It is an integral aspect of its accomplishment.” And how was this accomplished? See Colossians 2:15, where we read that our Lord exposed the powers and the authorities openly, triumphing over them by the cross. And Hebrews 2:14-15, where we read that Christ shared in our humanity “in order that through his death he might destroy him who holds the power of death, that is the Devil, and deliver those who all their lives were held in slavery by their fear of death.” Thus can we affirm with John Owen the death of Death in the death of Christ! And as for now, as for this present reign until the consummation? 1 Corinthians 15:24-26, where Paul writes: “Christ will hand over the kingdom to God the Father after he has destroyed all dominion, authority, and power. For he must reign until he has put all his enemies under his feet.” Thus we see that Christ has already bound the strong man, and that now, in light of this, the final victory is assured. And in that final, consummate victory which will accompany our Lord’s return, and for which we long, the Devil will be cast into the Lake of Fire, there to suffer along with Death itself the everlasting torments of God’s presence in wrath…
Now, we must note the unavoidable fact that there is something of a drastic change in emphasis as we move from the context of the Old Testament to that of the New. Whereas in the Old Testament, Satan appears only infrequently, and even then it is God who is consistently affirmed as sovereign (I mean, that is the overarching theme of Job, isn’t it?); yet as enter the pages of the New Testament, the reality of the struggle has obviously and decisively escalated, has become much more intense. What accounts for this?
Well, let me suggest that what accounts for this drastic change in tone between the Testaments is nothing less than the Incarnation itself. The New Testament is written in the context of the absolutely astonishing mystery and yet tangible reality of God’s having come to dwell among us – and that in a state of almost astounding weakness – what the Westminster Confession refers to as our Lord’s estate of humiliation. Here came the rightful king to his usurped dominion, full of evil, plotting, violent men, and he, in the form of a babe in a manger. He came proclaiming the arrival of the kingdom in his person, full of grace and truth and compassion, but in seeming weakness, as it were, without a bodyguard of legions – just one man and a small band of followers, telling the truth of God’s kingdom. But, and here is the superb, the supreme irony of the whole thing – it was precisely in and through our Lord’s seeming weakness that the Devil was defeated. That very weakness served almost as a sort of magnet, drawing out the forces and principles of evil, lured as they were by the opportunity to destroy him in this time of vulnerability, emerging from the shadows and being exposed in their true orientation and allegiance. This is God’s incarnational method, by which he has elected to triumph over evil through apparent weakness – the weakness which draws evil out of the shadows, exposing evil as it emerges from its shadows to destroy the Lord and the Lord’s work, yet only to be destroyed itself.
And so, too, with the church which our Lord founded and continues to build. The church, too, partakes in this incarnational reality, in this incarnational method. Jesus has left us, seemingly defenseless, a Temple composed of living stones, a mere building, a fellowship, here in the hostile heart of the world-in-rebellion, where Death and Hades still sally forth from their fortress, leaving destruction and misery in their wake. Yet… it is precisely through the apparent weakness of the church, that its final victory is assured. For as our Lord declared to Peter: the gates of Hades will not overcome it, so this has been borne out in history as the church has inexorable its advance, powered by the divine engine of the gospel, to the very ends of the earth. Here is a fantastic testimony of that incarnational stamp which the church bears, in a quote from a Medieval French counselor to his king who was contemplating persecuting the church in order to raise revenues. “Be careful, my king,” he said. “The church is an anvil which has worn down many hammers.” Amen! And may it ever be so, as it continues on in faithful testimony to the true Lord, and the true King, until he shall come again in the consummation of history.
In conclusion, let us affirm what we must: that the Devil is real, and evil is a pressing reality, distressingly persistent and pervasive. We cannot deny that. But nor can we surrender to it and lapse thereby into the dualism of granting the Devil more than his due. On that note, let me end with these familiar lines of Martin Luther:
And though the world with devils filled should threaten to undo us, We will not fear, for God hath willed his truth to triumph through us. The prince of darkness grim, we tremble not for him; His rage we can endure, for lo his doom is sure; One little word shall fell him.
1 This paper was originally delivered as a Fourth Academy lecture by Jules Grisham, at Fourth Presbyterian Church in Bethesda, Maryland, 2002.
How can it be that the God who has ordained all that comes to pass yet disapproves of much of what actually transpires?
Dualism consists in “granting a power and a permanence to the principle of evil which Scripture doesn’t warrant
Various Medieval Revivals of Dualist Religion (especially the Cathars of southern France, 12th-13th centuries)
Natural Evil = everything which we couldn’t really attribute in any obvious or proximate way to sin – for example, natural disasters or diseases
Scripture presents evil as sin, rebellion, as being that of which God disapproves; and shows further that not all human suffering is the result of sin.
Human sinfulness is not sufficient in itself as to bear the totality of evil in creation. There remains a large category of sin which we can explain neither by reference to human sin nor to the outworking of God’s righteous wrath; there remains the problem of gratuitous sin.
The Devil, too, is a created moral agent, as are his agents. He too is a sinner and a rebel against the Creator. Thus
1. All evil, as defined by the Scriptural emphasis (i.e., that of which God disapproves) is moral evil;
The fact that the Devil and his agents are sinners vastly expands the scope and scale of our analysis of moral sin
His name means “the Adversary,” the opponent of God and his people; the leader of the fallen angels; introduced in the Old Testament (see 1 Chron. 21:1; Job 1-2; Zech. 3:1-2);
He is identified with the Devil, whose name means “the Accuser” (i.e., of God’s people – Rev. 12:9-10);
He is identified with Apollyon, whose name means “the Destroyer” (see Rev. 9:11), and he is a destroyer, being compared to a roaring lion out prowling for its prey (1 Pet. 5:8);
He is a murderer and the father of lies; the original liar and the sponsor of all subsequent falsehood and deceits (John 8:44);
He is Christ’s sworn foe (Matt. 4:1-11; 16:23; Luke 4), against whose works Jesus came to destroy (1 John 3:8), by the work of the Cross (Col. 2:15), in order that “through his death he might destroy him who holds the power of death, that is the Devil (Heb. 2:14-15);
He yet prowls about, though now his defeat is assured, for Christ shall reign until he has put all his enemies under his feet (1 Cor. 15:24-26);
His doom is assured, and when Christ shall come again, he will be cast into the Lake of Fire, there to suffer the presence of God in his righteous wrath forever (Rev. 20:10)
Rose was my agent on the purchase of my dream home. I related to her my desires and she took up the reins and found the perfect home for me and my family. We had to close in two weeks and she did everything to ensure that we made the imposed deadline by Fannie Mae. I can’t say enough about her diligences and efforts to make this tricky transaction in the prescribed time and requirements. We would not only recommend her to our friends, but in the future if we decide to upgrade to another home she will be the agent of our choice.
FireBug, born in the UK manufactures and supplies to Fire & Rescue Services and Original Equipment Manufacturers with high quality, water efficient fire fighting equipment and cutting-edge technology.
Pushing the boundaries of accepted practices and traditional products, FireBug are committed to the research and development of unique technologies for the fire fighting industry. Through a dedicated development program the company specialises in harnessing the power and simplicity of the previously prohibited natural element "water" in the extinguishing of all fires, including class B and class F fires.
Working in partnership with a number of British Fire and Rescue Services and fire fighting equipment distributer's and leading fire suppression experts, all equipment is tried and tested to the maximum, being designed, created and recreated until they are perfected.
The products include vehicle fire fighting systems known as the RescueMax, fire fighting skids "MistMax", portable water fire suppression kits in a back pack form "BacPac", fire fighting nozzles "MistNozzle" and more.
The equipment range is cost effective, easy to use, safe for the fire fighter and focusses on water saving at the core of each design, due to the 100% environmentally friendly water mist technology used.
Why choose FireBug over a fogging system, the simple answer is COST, with a fogging system you have to invest in the complete pump system and infrastructure not to mention locating and plumbing the system in on an appliance which costs thousands but, with the FireBug WaterMist Nozzle it is a simple matter of changing the standard hosereel branch over.
The effect is instantaneous, a reduction in water useage of up to 65% and an increase in the effectiveness of the water being used to fight the fire creating a quicker knock down and extinguish time.
Along with new and unique fire systems FireBug also support their customers with a comprehensive range of traditional product and technologies. The FireBug team are dedicated and focused, committed to making the FireBug experience positive and enjoyable. The team works with an elite number of customers to distribute their technologies through the United Kingdom, the Middle East, Europe and The Africas'.
We have a growing library of videos which we will in time make available through the site but for now, the most compelling video is the one below which demonstrates (under controlled training conditions) how the Maxi WaterMisting branch (formerly known as the ST15) is used to extinguish a gas flame.
Watch how the fine water droplets of the WaterMist branch easily knocks out the fire (and no, they didn't just turn off the gas) using up to 65% less water than is used in the second example where a competitors branch is used to try unsuccessfully to extinguish the same fire.
FireBug WaterMist operates at a genuine low pressure, atomising into billions of droplets as small as 50 microns in size. To put this into perspective it is important to understand these terminologies.
The WaterMist spectrum is defined by the National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) Code 750 [49] as: a spray with an average droplet size of 1000 microns or less. Therefore WaterMist could be steam from a kettle through to the droplets of water from a shower, an immense difference. Small droplets are more efficient in fire suppression than large droplets, because of their larger total surface area available for evaporation and heat extraction.
The NFPA 750 [49] defines three pressure regions for WaterMist generating technologies; low, intermediate and high-pressure systems. Low pressure systems operate at pressures of 12.0 bar (175 psi) or less, intermediate pressure systems operate at pressures greater than 12.0 bar (175psi) and less than 34.0 bar (500 psi) and high pressure systems operate at pressures greater than 34.0 bar (500psi).
Dynasty Limousine knows that in today’s fast paced environment the needs of the corporate traveller have changed. We pride ourselves on our services that make business trips easier and more productive for our corporate clients. Whether it’s shuttling executives to and from the airports or to company events and meetings, Dynasty Limousine provides reliable, private and comfortable transportation in vehicles ranging from Sedans to Luxury Limo Coaches.
Our staff understand the time and effort required to plan your special day. We are happy to help match our fantastic limos to the needs of your event.
For the past 30+ years Dynasty Limousine has raised the bar on limousine transport and experience in Niagara, Hamilton, St. Catharines and surrounding areas. Our courteous and professional staff take pride in their service and limos.
Take some of the stress out of travel and enjoy Dynasty Limousine airport transfers. Our limos service Niagara, Hamilton and Toronto airports.
We're always fast to respond! If you'd like to check on availability, learn more or get a quote simply fill out the contact form.
Really good investment opportunity. 2 for the price of 1 on nice corner lot. Live in one and rent out the other. 1 has 1 bedroom, 1 bath and kitchen is furnished with stove, refrigerator, and is now vacant. Other unit has 2 bedrooms, 1 bath, Kitchen has stove and refrigerator and is leased for $700/mo. till Aug., 2019 The one bedroom has been leasing for $600/mo. Each unit has 1 window air conditioner and off street parking for each side. Could also be used as a small in-law arrangement.
Аккаунт STEAM, Игры: Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 + Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 - Multiplayer ПОСЛЕ ПОКУПКИ: Вы получите логин;пароль почту;пароль от аккаунта. ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ ВЫ ПОЛУЧАЕТЕ ДАННЫЕ АККАУНТА В STEAM, логин:пароль ;почту:пароль ! ДАННЫЙ АККАУНТ И ДАННЫЕ ПОЧТОВОГО ЯЩИКА (ПРИ ЖЕЛАНИИ МОЖЕТЕ ИЗМЕНИТЬ). 1. Необходимо скачать и установить Steam http://steampowered.com/download/SteamInstall.msi (если еще не установлен) 2. ЗАЙТИ В НАСТРОЙКИ STEAM а. ПОМЕНЯТЬ E-mail (ЭЛЕКТРОННУЮ ПОЧТУ) б. ПОМЕНЯТЬ ПАРОЛЬ в. ПОМЕНЯТЬ СЕКРЕТНЫЙ ВОПРОС г. ПРОВЕРИТЬ СВОЙ E-mail (ЭЛ.ПОЧТУ) и ПРИНЯТЬ ПИСЬМО ССЫЛКОЙ ДЛЯ ПОДТВЕРЖДЕНИЯ СВОЕГО E-mail (ЭЛ.ПОЧТЫ) д. ВКЛЮЧИТЬ Steam Guard 3. ПРИЯТНОЙ ИГРЫ Удачных вам покупок!!!
With our E-Commerce solutions we can get your business online and start selling you goods or services to a much broader audience.
Mobile responsive design is a must for any web site. Let us show you how to get the most out of your web site.
In business since 2004, we have the experience it takes to get your web site where it needs to be. No cookie cutter solution, every web site designed and built from the ground up to meet your needs. Need a web site and don't know where to get started? No worries, we are the best at helping you achieve your goals of getting your business on the web. No stress, and no headaches. Contact us for more information.
Eagle, Colo.-August 31,2004- Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant (left), leaves the Eagle County Justice Center with a member of his security team on Tuesday (8-31-04) at the lunch break during jury selection. Bryant's trial on charges of sexual assualt is schedeled to begin after Labor Day. (George Kochaniec, Jr./Rocky Mountain News) :: Rocky Mountain News
Eagle, Colo.-August 31,2004- Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant (left), leaves the Eagle County Justice Center with a member of his security team on Tuesday (8-31-04) at the lunch break during jury selection. Bryant's trial on charges of sexual assualt is schedeled to begin after Labor Day. (George Kochaniec, Jr./Rocky Mountain News)
Caption Eagle, Colo.-August 31,2004- Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant (left), leaves the Eagle County Justice Center with a member of his security team on Tuesday (8-31-04) at the lunch break during jury selection. Bryant's trial on charges of sexual assualt is schedeled to begin after Labor Day. (George Kochaniec, Jr./Rocky Mountain News)
Other descriptive information George;Eagle, Colo.-August 31,2004- Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant (left), leaves the Eagle County Justice Center with a member of his security team on Tuesday (8-31-04) at the lunch break during jury selection. Bryant's trial on charges of sexual assualt is schedeled to begin after Labor Day. (George Kochaniec, Jr./Rocky Mountain News)
Copyright Restrictions applying to use or reproduction of this image available from the Western History/Genealogy Dept., Denver Public Library.
Post a Comment for Eagle, Colo.-August 31,2004- Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant (left), leaves the Eagle County Justice Center with a member of his security team on Tuesday (8-31-04) at the lunch break during jury selection. Bryant's trial on charges of sexual assualt is schedeled to begin after Labor Day. (George Kochaniec, Jr./Rocky Mountain News)
Description Key to the City. 9 1/2" Metal cast key with the Seal of the City of Newark on the bow, the map of the city on the tooth, and the mayor's name on the stem. On the reverse, the key bears the inscription "Gateway to the East" with a flower motif on the tooth. It is inside a wood presentation box
Description Wicker chairs line either side of this train car. Globe lights are embedded in the ceiling.
Description: Academic lectures by Drs. Mohler and Henry follwed by question and answer. Recorded in Heritage Hall.
Here is the track list for "Tere Liye Full Video Song In Hd" we may collect and you can listen to and download.
Tere Liye Serial Title Full Song Free Download title/name of Song / Music / Video is delivered from Youtube and maybe containing a video's copy right.
Tere Liye MP3 Song by Lata Mangeshkar from the movie Veer-Zaara.. Download Tere Liye song on Gaana.com and listen offline.
Download Star plus serial tere liye video songs .. This video and mp3 song of Tere liye title song star plus serial tere liye is .. by Whatsapp Stories For U on 15 .
Tere Liye.Female Version Full Song (Little Princess) Play and Download this is a title track and song of most popular hindi tv serial tere liye telecast on star . 3b9d4819c4
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used except with the prior written permission of The Digital Bits, Inc. All logos, images, names and trademarks are the property of the respective trademark owners.
Published 11/4/10 SHOW ARCHIVED READER COMMENTS (22) Comments (22) December 24, 2007 Mihai Criveti Hi. Continue clicking End Task for software programs that have stopped responding until all unresponsive software programs have been removed from the list. Please try the request again. But the details are not in your posts so far.
What happens? Follow the software manufacturer instructions on the Web site. Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. I went through a week of conversations with AVG on their forum because of it (and others who had the same problem about the same time I did) and eventually had
At the time, I was connected to the 'net and actually posting on a forum. You can access Bootrec.exe with your Windows Vista installation disk: If you don't have the installation disk, use Easy Recovery Essentials to rebuild the BCD. View the date the software program was installed to help find software involved in the lock-up. I'm not sure how to check if it's a heat issue, or what to do about it if it is.
I checked for a trojan in my registry as suggested by one of the Google results, but didn't find anything. In addition, you should fully power down the printer or external device and unplug it from its power source for about 10 seconds. Is this a HP DV6000 or DV9000 series? Windows 10 Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows XP Dell Recommended: How to fix BlueScreen (STOP) errors that cause Windows Vista to shut down or restart unexpectedly What Is a Blue Screen
When the Windows desktop appears, Safe Mode is displayed in the four corners of the screen. STOP 0x000000D1 (DRIVER_IRQL_NOT_LESS_THAN_OR_EQUAL_TO) This stop code indicates a driver tried to access a certain area of memory when it should not have, meaning there is a flaw in the driver itself. But, Jimmy posted that most software applications aren't allowed to access the hardware directly in the NT line of Windows OS's like Vista. This is especially annoying if you keep getting blue screen errors because of some device conflict—I remember watching one of my friends trying to time it so he could snap a
Sign in to add this to Watch Later Add to Loading playlists... Save your work and restart the computer. I installed Vipre because my free AVG anti-virus somehow got corrupted and it kept giving me a "license corrupted" message even though there was no license because it was a free Three, I've had both gadgets installed for nearly as long as I've owned the PC and no problems until recently.
The Debugger can take anywhere from 30 seconds to two minutes to fully analyze a memory dump. The system BIOS is fully up-to-date. This should forcibly close the software program. by GMUHistorian / June 28, 2009 4:55 AM PDT In reply to: How to see that blue screen Thanks for the tip!
Sign in Share More Report Need to report the video? HP and Compaq Desktop PCs - Windows Vista Locks Up, Freezes, or a Blue Screen Error Opens This document applies to HP and Compaq Desktop PCs with Windows Vista. To fix a BSoD error caused by incompatible drivers, you need to remove the installed driver and restart the computer or make sure you have the latest available driver for your If the blue screen error is from an installed device drivers, then it's possible to have the same error appear again in the fresh installed Windows Vista if you use the
Is this normal? You have to tell a lot more. To fix this, try any of the following methods explained below. My anti-virus software was also in the middle of a scan.
So, at this point, shouldn't I be looking for hardware problems? They have identical troubleshooting and resolution steps, and you will probably need to use the Windows Debugger to find out what caused the error. You'll have to manually reboot the computer if this happens, of course. Skip navigation UploadSign inSearch Loading...
The only odd thing is that device manager lists two Intel Core 2 Duo T5550 processors. For more information, see Resolving Problems with Sleep Mode in Windows Vista. Loading... I will disable the screen saver just in case that's an issue.
What details are missing? Select an Image name that you wrote down and click End Process. Category People & Blogs License Standard YouTube License Show more Show less Loading... If Windows becomes active again, the problem is related to software.
You have to tell a lot more. Please select a newsletter. VampireKingcoming 143,209 views 2:24 Windows 7 BSOD - Duration: 3:45. Find Solutions, ask questions, and share advice with other HP product owners. For more details, please read our disclosure. Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Please try again. A friend's machine got this infection -> READ http://www.symantec.com/security_response/writeup.jsp?docid=2009-031816-5114-99&tabid=2This ...
Figure : Windows Task Manager showing a software program (A Website) that has stopped responding Select the program that has stopped responding and click End Task. When it occurs again, I'll write down everything. mdrtech 1,432,019 views 4:32 Windows Vista Sure likes Blue - Duration: 2:29. I just remembered that some months ago I had a problem where Explorer.exe would suddenly, and inexplicably, crash but Vista would not give me a BSOD on that, just ask if As the computer is booting, r...
Once you have selected the restore point, your system will start the restoring process, after which you will have to restart the system. A BSOD is the result of low-level software crashing -- or faulty hardware. This article is specific to Microsoft Windows 7. I am using Windowps 8.1 and it automatically reboots so I don't know how to disable anti-virus and restore the last working session all in the one cycle. Remember: Code 7 signifies correctable data corruption, not disk failure. R...
The idea of launching FELIX festival came from the synergy of culinary art, natural beauties of the Alps and lake Traunsee, their traditional cuisine, numerous touristic and gastronomic locations and extraordinary hospitality of Austrian hosts.
Hosts wanted to present not only Austrian chefs, but also top chefs from neigbouring region that are a part of JRE – Jeunes Restaurateurs association. On the first edition of Felix Festival, Croatia was presented by Chef Rudolf Štefan who, together with his colleagues: Ana Roš, Thorsten Probos, Andreas Döllerer, Philip, Helmut Racherer, and many others, prepared dishes that reflected the Alps and Adriatic region in the enchanting landscape of lake Traunsee.
Menus created by star chefs, street food from the Alps, cooking workshops, Mama Mia – favorite childhood dishes, cooking classes as well as numerous gastronomic and cultural events attracted the attention of top-quality gourmet lovers throughout 9 days of the festival. Wolfgang Gröller, the founder of the festival, was extremely pleased with reactions of visitors, sold-out festival activities. New edition of Felix festival was announced for the year 2019 at the same location.
Reach more than 20 checkpoints before the time runs out. Space bar to jump, arrow keys to control (classic bmx controls).
If your template is meant to be used in-line, make sure that there are no line feeds after </noinclude>. If there are, it may work in flowing text, but it will misbehave in bullet lists. You can have as many line feeds as you like between the noinclude tags though:
If you would like to register, please email 2 preferred usernames to oceanfisher@gmail.com. You will be registered and sent instructions. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.
Believe And Receive is all about positive affirmation success. And not only positive affirmations, but affirmations that contain the power of the Divine. Positive affirmations are proven to change people’s lives. Millions of people use them every day to uplift their spirits, achieve their goals...
Inspirational Quotes from Elite Business Ads A source of inspirational quotes to get inspired an to inspire others. You will never know who you are inspiring. You remember those moments when someone said something inspirational to you and that was exactly what you needed to...
AuthenticArt – Unique Art From Alana Monet-Telfer AuthenticArt is the shop of uniqueness! its contains unique art, cards, and paintings; which are great for you own pleasure, and even as gifts for your loved ones and friends!
Dog Toys – Puppy Play Pin Hello and welcome to Puppy Play Pin! The newest online one stop shop for your beloved fur baby. We have a large selection of dog toys, clothing and other dog related products for you and your four legged best friend.
Forensic Science – Teaching And Training Teaching and training about the science behind the crime scene and forensic investigations.
FABDIVAS A fashion and beauty online retailer, providing unique Jewellery, hair extensions and more. Our aim is to encourage every woman to ‘Bring out their Diva’ because looking fabulous on the outside, gives you inner confidence.
Simple Ways To Find Money Online Net Marketing Plans offers premium web design services to help grow and maintain your business’s online presence.
Deep Discount Video Game Keys, Pre-Orders, Below Retail! If you like video games, and want sweet discounts on new games, pre-orders, Xbox Live Memberships, then help yourself to this delicious link.
Monthly Recurring Commissions Everybody is looking for ways to promote their website and classified ad submission really works. This service is selling like crazy! It is one of the easiest sales you will ever found.
Introducing Mia, an Illustrator on Fiverr Mia is an illustrator who offers her services on Fiverr, and she creates unique illustrations for your unique image to use on your website, a special Facebook banner or an image to use as an avatar.. The possibilities are endless.
Breaking Truth Freedom of speech, Freedom of press. Find out the truth! Join the forum to get in on the discussion.
Ending Hair Loss, Changing Lives Hair loss solutions to male, female and children. Change your life today!
Our Sweet Inspirations A source of inspirational quotes to inspire others. It builds a community to provide inspirational quotes to all walks of life. You will never know who you are inspiring.
Cleaning Services Grandeclean Services Ltd – a London-based professional cleaning company can help you out when you need any kind of cleaning for your home or office. Whether you had a party the night before, an event at your office or you are moving into new place…
Advanced Hypnosis Training Certified and accredited hypnotherapy and NLP qualifications. Aply for Advanced Diploma in Hypnotherapy, certified by the worlds oldest and largest hypnosis organisation the NGH and is accredited by the General Hypnotherapy Standards Council.
Boxing News Gexsport is a new sporting website that will give updates on a wide range of sports. We will give anyone a chance to write for us and submit content.
Advance Chess: A Pre-Dawn to the Age of Superlative Bionic Robotic Intelligence Capabilities Are you eager to learn the new, exciting concepts of Advance 3-D Chess? If this is true then this book will likely meet or even exceed your expectations.
Burglary Home Alert Systems Pro-tect is a UK based company that sells monitored alarm products for home safety. This includes a wide range of products, ranging from smoke alarms to full-featured burglary home alert systems and accessories with monitoring service.
London Refurbishment Expert Personalized and professional team The Refurbishment Expert, specialised in the renovation of both residential and commercial properties in London.
Believe And Receive Believe And Receive is all about positive affirmation success. And not only positive affirmations, but affirmations that contain the power of the Divine.
Uber – Local Drivers Wanted Uber needs local drivers worldwide and you have an opportunity to earn up to $750 bonus just for signing up!
The Guestbookery Hand made, in-house, customizable wedding product at an affordable price. Made with top quality materials, we can take any idea that you may have and bring it to live for your special day celebration or as a unique present of love and appreciation.
Deadly Vows Fantastic book by Robert Marsh – shedding a dark light on the demons inside of us. Walk into the inner mind and find out the dormant person living inside of you. Read stories that will keep you glued to this very captivating book.
The Ultimate Super Store The Ultimate Super Store, we have something for everyone.” Our motto is “Love what you buy, and buy what you love!”
Love Psychic Reader 35 years experience as an expert Master Psychic Love Reader. Accurate readings on Love & Romance, Money & Finance, Job & Career, and more.
Events Master Release Events Master Aims To Make Event Planning Easy, Fun and Affordable For Both Professional and Novice Planners.
Taras Fashion Blog Fashion news, tips and advices from a fashion blogger girl who lives and breathes fashion.
Work From Home – An Executive Level Income An Executive Level income IS truly achievable from Home, in “Part Time” hours, literally without stepping outside your front door. Work from home – An executive level income is closer than you think!
Triple Clicks Looking for a REAL way to earn money online? Why don’t you try with REAL results and a REAL company?
Web Hosting on the Mississippi Gulf Coast The best offer of web hosting packages guarantees quality placement of your web pages on fast and stable servers. Test our services for 30 days and if you don’t like it, get a full refund.
Super Rad – Motion Picture Group A production company based in Los Angeles, founded by David N. Donihue – a writer, director and a post production wizard; expert in creating commercials that grab attention, feature films and inventive music videos.
Low Rates | Safe Auto Home Insurance Fits all budgets. Find out how you can save on reliable, affordable car or home insurance. Get your free quote online or over the phone. Fast service.
Interviewing for Home-Based Positions You can earn a serious full time income from our website regardless if you have succeed or failed with online business in the past.
Free Responsive Leads Email marketing is one of the coolest ways to make money online. The secret of success lies in the ability to send relevant emails to people of interest. Here is how you can get 100 responsive leads for FREE.
Health Internet Business Making $1,000’s weekly with this Health Internet Business World famous Dr. Suzanne Gudakunst has just released her latest “shocker!” …
Wardrobe Stylist A fashion and lifestyle blog providing weekly updates about fashion and lifestyle products, trends, style tips and more, so you can dress, look and live better. Plus, innovative Reversible Pocket Square unique repurposed fabric on each side.
Custom Snapchat Geofilters Get your custom tailored Snapchat geofilter. Perfect for brand and personal. Wether its for an event, increasing engagement, or building brand awareness, geofilters give you the opportunity to get noticed in a creative way!
Affiliate2day Affiliate2day presents an affiliate partnership program for two major dating websites: behappy2day.com and asiansingles2day.com.
SEO Toronto Rank on the 1st page of Google! Guaranteed!! We are the best at providing SEO services in Toronto.
Big Ticket Commissions! Online Marketing! WITHOUT an email list, WITHOUT coding or building websites and WITHOUT any experience, in just a few minutes, I’ll reveal how you can join this growing community of people who have gained their freedom from the “rat race.”
Irish Handmade Gifts and Bridal Accessories A personalised service run by Hannah Bella Flew a young and proud Irish entrepreneur
Lake Garda Lake Garda tourist information office. Get travel information including the best places to visit, activities and accommodations around the lake Garda district.
Short Domain Names For Sale High quality domain names – premium domain names three or four letters long. When you need a profitable brand name for your business or an investment, this is the place to find it.
A Multi Level Marketing Success Tips If you’re a small or home based business owner, network or internet marketer, or aspiring online entrepreneur, then you need to learn how just eleven minutes and three simple steps per day can send your online leads, sales, and profits through the ceiling
Riviera Invest – Smarter Way To Invest Real Estate in Alanya – Your professional partner for buying Turkey real estate. With more than 40 years experience in the property construction and the real estate market in Alanya we advise you professionally in buying property in Turkey and provide…
2014 gmc sierra fuse box diagram 2014 gmc sierra headlight fuse gmc sierra fuse box engine compartment 2014 gmc sierra (from 2014) fuse box diagram
These words have been used to describe Elite Hookah's exquisite designs, but no words can be used to express how you feel when you own and use one of these historical smoking devices.
Im newb here but im Tyler and i have no life jk jk i work with my uncle on a program called T7 and im 14
[You must be registered and logged in to see this link.] heres a link to his site look at screenies it requires windows 7 and 2 monitors
its that bar tingy at bottom of screen but it has alot more futures and its faster and more customizable and when i learn my csharp shit im going to be making add-ons
Time isn’t always on your side. While at Fantastic Fest this year, I dove in way more than last year and exposed myself to nearly every film I could. Through screeners and screenings, I managed to fit in over 30 …
Thomas & Gibbs CPAs, PLLC offers clients quality, professional accounting and related business services; we pride ourselves on our professional ethics, expertise, hard work, and good advice.
Welcome and thank you for visiting our website. In addition to providing you with a profile of our firm and the services we provide, this website has been designed to become a helpful resource tool to you, our valued clients and visitors.
As you browse through our website, you will see that we have included useful resources such as informative articles (in our Newsletters section) and interactive financial calculators (in our Financial Tools section). In addition, we have taken the time to gather many links to external websites that we think would be of interest to our clients and visitors (in our Links section).
Please feel free to contact us with any questions or comments you may have - we would love to hear from you. We pride ourselves on being proactive and responsive to our clients' inquiries and suggestions.
Sign-up to join our mail­ing list. You'll receive e­mail notification when this site is updated. Your privacy is guaran­teed; this list is not sold, shared, or used for any other purpose. Click here for more infor­mation.
"Buddha images are the type of sculptures whose artistic merits cause people seeing them to feel that they are to be worshiped and are worthy of faith."
"Fermented fish is a very popular type of food and is widely consumed, especially by local people in the Northeast."
"One [type] of illness that accompanies the summer season which many people overlook is sunstroke or heat exhaustion, even though [this condition] is very dangerous and can be prevented."
"[Spiders] are yet another one of earth’s creatures which loves its own life, just like mankind does."
Copyright © 2018 thai-language.com. Portions copyright © by original authors, rights reserved, used by permission; Portions 17 USC §107.
n. 1) in both state and federal appeals court, the judge who chairs the panel of three or more judges during hearings and supervises the business of the court. 2) in those counties or other jurisdictions with several judges, the one is chosen to direct the management of the courts, usually on an annual or other rotating basis. The presiding judge usually makes assignments of judges to specialized courts (juvenile, probate, criminal, law and motion, family law, etc.), oversees the calendar, and chairs meetings of the judges.
Those D18's have always been one of my favorite looking designs. And StainlessSteve seem to explain it best already from my understanding.
For me I am building for two different setups. One is for outdoors . I dont mind the size so long as I can afford the drivers.(Maul) So yes a single fold would work but so would many other deigns. Regards to my living room that design is more constrained. So single Skhorn may work but may not just not 100% sure yet. Othorn would almost fit also but I like the extension of this Skhorn design. The BC designs have some extra gain due to their size and boundary loading/gain. I have always like FLH's but cant always fit them. So for me a pair of Skhorn's could work just fine for my outdoor setup. And indoors there are many designs that could work. And if needed down the road I could always drag the living room setup out for extra SPL.
I dont look at stuff like this because I am using it to its max in a HT setting. I use this stuff in order to have more spl but at lower excursions. SO if I wanted to have a large ported cabinet I could do the same. Probably smaller volume but at also a higher distortion. This may not bother some but it does me. I could also just use a large Xmax driver in a ported cabinet and be happy but my experience has shown me that I prefer pro audio drivers from what I have experienced for ULF. For the pair of 18NW100's you only need about 1000watts to max them out. 118db roughly at 18hz. BUT for me and wanting the lower tune for my singles I do prefer the 18DS115. It doesnt have as much max SPL but it does look better for the lower tune in the volume thats available. So here is the 18PB Z verse the 18DS115, one vent hitting Xmax for both. And the below picture is with about 300watts for the PBZ and 2300 watts for the DS115. But for me these are still a great option for size and low end. And since I will have a pair of DIY SH's eventually above them I think these are great choices. I do like a bit of overkill also. BUT I do like looking at this sort of thing also because I do eventually want to build something like a pair of BC218's.(outdoors) So for now these should hold me over. @Ricci did you get a chance to test the 21DS115? I ask because I wonder if the large coil simulation needs to be used at all when simulating this driver. I would think not as BC seem to be always good with lower inductance drivers. I am moons away from building the single driver version of this horn design. I will be building the normal dual Skhorn with SW152's. So I am mainly wondering from a educational standpoint regarding simulations. And if I can manage to fit the single driver version in my living room I am liking the 18IPALS the most.
Depending on what your doing two cabs could be better overall for bass distribution. For me the IPAL's are not worth double the cost of the SW152. They give I believe about 2db here and there more output. If you want to maximise SPL per volume then the IPAL's are worth it. BUT we all have different criteria to work with. Some have more budget than room. And some vice versa. BUT now that I have re-simulated the Skhorn (final sim page updated)with 18PZB, 18NW100, 18DS115 and 18IPAL I have to say the NW100 looks better than the PZB for single vent options. And if wanting more than I would go with the 18DS115. I am very interested in doing a single version for my living room if I can fit it in. I would get the 18NW100 myself simply because I had a need for them for another build. I looked at building a large ported cabinet for the living room using the NW100 and down the road upgrading to 18IPALS. But its always hard to upgrade and spend the money when money comes so slowly. PLUS I think I would be quite happy with single version Skhorns in my living room. Just need to finish up some other projects and then build them.
No they are not out yet. Probably going to be a while until they are out. Ricci is always busy with a 1000 things. BUT he did say you could just cut the design down the middle and have a single version. SO I have been simulating that and trying to decide between that design and the large ported.
For me the best value is the 21SW152 drivers. If you can get those cheap then there ya go. I have based all my opinions on Hornresp simulations. I tend to simulate a LOT to hopefully one day build something. I will be building my own Skhorn in Aug/Sept using the 21SW152's. Probably have to wait until Xmas to have the SP6000 amp to power the sub though. For BC options I would have to say these are the best option from best budget to the ultimate option. 18TBW100 18NW100 18SW115 21SW150 21DS115 21SW152 21IPAL If I had 21IPAL money I would see if I could get a pair of 5100's. But thats me. The other option would be to get in touch with Funk and ask if he can make some more powerful (Bl) custom drivers. I asked about this before and he did say it was possible for a good price. I looked at trying to find a 5100 equivalent and it looked like Funk could build me one for around $1000 or less. That is less than a 21IPAL and less than the 5100. Lots of options though.If you have something specific I will simulate it and show you the comparison to the SW152 if needed.
The 18PZB100 doesnt look bad at all in the Skhorn. It rolls off earlier than the 21SW152 but only a few hz. But is very flat similar to the 21SW152. The 21/18TSAD and 18GUJ are all very peaky. I dont think they look that good but I guess could be EQ'd to suit. Still wish the 5100 was available. These drivers look good also. FP 18HW1070 Beyma 18SW1600Nd BC 18TBW100 looks ok also. Rolls off a bit earlier but not a LOT different then the PZB. I have been simulating almost every driver for this design. I looked at trying to build a single driver version also for my living room. Tried to see if I could get the design to not get too big but perform similar to the 21DS115 in 350l 15hz.
Does it really need that much space. I remember looking at doing 15cuft for 15hz and around 10/11cuft for 20hz. So 20cuft seems like that is more than is needed going by memory. Although I was looking at the SW152. DS115 does simulate very similar though. I am away for work so I cant look at comparisons on simulations to help sorry.
Hopefully your single version takes advantage of being a single driver version and perhaps a slightly larger version also.
You would have some port chuffing with the 19hz tune and using the 21's. BUT since the 18's dont move as much air as the 21's you will most likely be fine with 19hz tune and using the 18's. Thats what I was saying in my earlier post.
SHADO CON is GO! June 3rd at the QUAD Derby! For all UFO fans – a dedicated ‘UFO’ convention – the first one in decades! Confirmed guests include: *Ayshea Brough (Lt Johnson) *Michael Jayston (The Sound of Silence) *Ruric Powell (Scriptwriter: Conflict and The Dalotek Affair) … *Keith Alexander (Lt Keith Ford) Other guests to be announced. £45 – (Concessions available) To purchase tickets go HERE
The Ed Straker Herald is delighted to give its full support to SHADO CON. The Convention has been organised by a small group of dedicated fans (in conjunction with the QUAD Derby) who started planning this event last year. The venue is the QUAD Cinema, Derby, a modern building in the centre of the city with excellent transport links and a very impressive record in holding other conventions. We…
My real regret at the Convention was the lack of any UFO model. It was foolish really, because there are some excellent UFO modellers and Fanderson could, I think, have invited some to attend? However, there were some great displays and these are some of the photos. Fireball XL5 The display behind, of the comic strip, was an excellent addition. Stingray There is something utterly beautiful about Stingray. A perfect…
During the Fanderson “Century 21” convention, Ed Bishop & Gabrielle Drake were interviewed by Fanderson chairman Chris Bentley in a packed main hall. Here is a transcripion of the interview by Lorraine Bopp-Meyer, which is based on videos made by Paulo Malaguti, Ronald Kroon, Simon Wickes, and Theo de Klerk. Ed Bishop & Gabrielle Drake Interview at “Century 21” Ed and Gabrielle enter the room and have a seat on…
The project; “Platform for African Dairy Genetic Gains” (ADGG) seeks to create working dairy genetic systems based on public-private partnerships that have a clear route to...
The Land Degradation Surveillance Framework (LDSF) used by AfSIS was employed to conduct a systematic biophysical assessment of various ecological and soil health metrics. The...
On farm trials were conducted to compare the performance of quality seed versus poor quality seed, field day at flowering and harvesting season, cost-benefit analysis using...
A total of twelve (12) sites/farmers were selected from Hallu, Long, Seloto and Sabilo villages. Farmer selection was participatory, but among farmers who were willing to...
The project tested different spatial maize/pigeonpea arrangements in the field with already recommended varieties that are differentiated by maturity periods (which affect...
Establishment of demonstration plots on improved crop varieties (maize, groundnuts, soybeans and beans) and best-bet agronomic pratices and soil and water conservation practices...
The performance, expansion and contribution of tree lucerne has not reached to its full potential due to a number of factors. An action on farm research was conducted with men...
The Integrated Modelling Platform for Mixed Animal Crop systems (IMPACT) was developed to encourage data sharing by using standard protocols, and allowing tools to be linked to...
In collaboration with AR partners, contribute to the integration of R&D activities at project level and the joint planning & implementation of activities. This may...
The Dynamics NAV ODBC Driver is a powerful tool that allows you to connect with live Dynamics NAV data, directly from any applications that support ODBC connectivity. Access Dynamics NAV like you would a database - read, write, and update Items, Sales Orders, Purchase Orders, etc. through a standard ODBC Driver interface.
The Dynamics NAV ODBC Driver is a powerful tool that allows you to easily connect-to live Microsoft Dynamics NAV data through any ODBC capable application or tool! With the Driver users can access Microsoft Dynamics NAV the same way that they would connect to any other ODBC data source. The Drivers are completely self-contained; no additional software installation is required.
ODBC is the most widely supported interface for connecting applications with data. All kinds of BI, Reporting, ETL, Database, and Analytics tools offer the ability to read and write data via ODBC connectivity.
As the most widely used interface to relational data, ODBC interfaces are accessible from every major development technology, including PHP, Python, Delphi, Visual Basic, Labview, PowerBuilder, FoxPro, FileMaker Pro, and more.
Any application that can access data through ODBC, like Microsoft Excel, PowerPivot, or Word, can leverage our ODBC Drivers to connect to real-time data.
Certified Compatibility*: Our drivers undergo extensive testing and are certified to be compatible with leading analytics and reporting applications like Tableau, Microsoft Excel, and many more.
Replication and Caching: Our replication and caching commands make it easy to copy data to local and cloud data stores such as Oracle, SQL Server, Google Cloud SQL, etc. The replication commands include many features that allow for intelligent incremental updates to cached data.
String, Date, Numeric SQL Functions: The driver includes a library of 50 plus functions that can manipulate column values into the desired result. Popular examples include Regex, JSON, and XML processing functions.
Collaborative Query Processing: Our drivers enhance the data source's capabilities by additional client-side processing, when needed, to enable analytic summaries of data such as SUM, AVG, MAX, MIN, etc.
Secure Connectivity: Includes standard Enterprise-class security features such as TLS/ SSL data encryption for all client-server communications.
4164 Mt Alifan Pl #F, San Diego, CA is a property in San Diego. The total assessed value is $200,000.
However, OptiMind operates in what Lucas called a “structured statements Area.” In this Area, you've fully absurd and unsubstantiated statements within the still left aspect in the spectrum, and prescription drugs (like Adderall), which can be only obtainable as a result of Health professionals and therefore are FDA accredited to treat health conditions, on the proper facet.
That is precisely appropriate. I statrted getting the Meds and I decided I didn't would like to get that charge every month such as you reported Nevertheless they couldn’t happen to be nicer and esay about discontinuing my month to month bottles. For that reason I'll return to them simply because they are definitely very simple to operate with.
Lucas mentioned that OptiMind isn’t even in precisely the same ballpark. The nutritional supplement is formulated and produced in two GMP certified laboratories (one particular exterior Los Angeles and One more outside Portland, OR), which batch examination Each and every component to make certain it’s pure, steady, and includes no toxins.
DMAE – Also known as Deanol, DMAE can be a chemical compound that is definitely also linked to the series of reactions that taking place to sort acetylcholine.
— At last, OptiMind improves your temper employing ingredients like DMAE, vitamin D3 and GABA, all of which are chargeable for boosting neurotransmitters like serotonin which Participate in a key function in emotional equilibrium and rest cycles.
It might have also served which i didn’t consume six beers the evening prior to hand, but in almost any scenario I could Actually truly feel the main difference.
I would really endorse OptiMind to anyone looking to attain an edge inside the classroom, boardroom, or participating in field.
For instance, tyrosine is listed as perhaps effective for improving mental performance and memory, While analysis is blended and It appears to operate very best under nerve-racking ailments (like military services training). Tyrosine may additionally be handy for strengthening alertness pursuing a lack of sleep.
I signed up for that "free of charge demo". Following factor I'm sure I've $73 and some odd cents missing from my checking account, which I had set aside as college tuition to purchase my professional medical aiding courses I might be starting up in September.
In accordance with AlternaScript LLC (the company powering OptiMind), they analyzed “above 50 decades of neuroscience research” when selecting and selecting the elements within their nootropic.
2nd, he recommended purchasing a ten-capsule demo and making an attempt link it out yourself. Providing you set a reminder to cancel your trial/autoship enrollment, it’ll only set you back a couple bucks.
Human beings have a bent to browse around this site look at the worst-circumstance circumstance for virtually any problem. When some thing appears to good for being correct or has any chance additional info included, the boys who cry “fraud” arrive out on the woodwork.
If you want to to complain about billing techniques or really feel you’ve been ripped off by this firm, please simply click “Depart A Remark” beneath and write-up a comment.”
I hardly ever try this, but I really feel like I should. To give you some qualifications, I am a spouse, a mother of three beautiful daughters, I have a complete-time position, and I just started off university all over again. I decided to do this thing termed OptiMind. They've a demo, but I'd to pay $10 for transport. Throughout the trial, my partner and I did not like the individual it designed me. I not simply didn’t get any from the promised affects (and Sure I did the prompt steps to assist out), I prepared out day after day; simply how much time I'd personally shell out on faculty get the job done and designed out a planner and anything, even so the tablets manufactured me irritable, and I appeared indignant. Right after I ended getting them, I truly feel much better. Very well, Like every busy Mother would, I forget about things. Previous night time they charged $73 to my account.
The “Fest of Duty” is a religious ceremony in Iranian elementary schools designed to inculcate Islamic beliefs and values in girls when they reach the age of nine, traditionally recognized as the start of puberty according to Islamic practices. This documentary follows two adolescent girls as they transition into adulthood, eight years after their official “Fest of Duty”, and observes the impact of religion on their public and private lives.
Alejandra Espino lives and works in Mexico City. She loves comics, vintage photos, old movies and all things nostalgia. She’s always on the lookout for women’s stories in any medium and any context.
Written by admin on June 5, 2017 . Posted in Glass mount sign holder, Retail display stands, Sign display stand
Contrary to popular belief, social media isn?t the only way to advertise your product. Online ads can show up whenever a possible consumer is on their phone, but that doesn?t necessarily mean they?re in the area to buy your product or quite frankly, in the mood to buy your product. Although shoppers will use their smartphones to do research on a product, 77% of consumers will go to a store to shop. I know the last thing I want to do is by ice cream while I?m looking up tips on how to diet. You don?t have to become a slave of the ever-changing Google algorithm when trying to market your business.
@WoodWorkerWally- I’m a carpenter in PA. My clients seem to prefer drawer rollers. So long as the piece looks classic, they do not care if it functions like an old time piece.
Our company has been printing our brochures ourselves and I think that it actually has cost us more than if we ordered them ourselves.
To go with above, yeah, very true. The thing is, search engines know this happens, and they work to detect it. Your site can get shut down or even just given a push back in rank rather than a push forward once the algorithm catches you
Wow, I had no idea that St. Louis is the nation’s third largest inland port by tonnage. I’m assuming that is because it is on the Mississippi?
Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 June 2012
Need a tech or willing to train intern to train for bigscreen repair, smart tv and phones and internet home issues. Must have transportation to each j [...]
BE PART OF THE GIG ECONOMY!! OnQall is an app that connects people looking to work with local customers who need help with big and small tasks. Create [...]
For the person who won't settle for less, it has everything. Great for a family or keep some and give some as gifts. This package has the Back heat pack for lower back pain and sciatica with the ceramic back belt. Also included is a spare back heat pack to swap, when outdoors. There are two sports or joint heat pack with two ceramic bead braces for the joint. This can be used for conditions like a..
This All-in-One package is great for the whole family, includes one of all our heat pack sizes, with two ceramic belts. It has the back heat pack for lower and upper back pain along with the ceramic bead belt to maximize portability or even on your stomach for period pain. Pack includes the sports pack for sporting injuries and arthritis and joint pain and is also good to use on the shin Bio..
Back pain affects about 80% of adults at some time in their lives, and about 50% of people experience neck pain. Pain in the back or neck area can be acute, which comes on suddenly and intensely, or chronic, which can last for weeks, months, or even years. Treating any form of pain with heat is the age-old, non-invasive and non-addictive pain-relief therapies. It is also an inexpensive and easy to..
Many people who suffer from knee pain also suffer from back pain, in fact, as many as 60% of knee pain suffers also suffer from back pain. So any treatment used to address a knee problem should also take the back into account and vice versa. Now with this combo pack you will be able to treat both knee pain and back pain simultaneously. This pack is good for lower back pain, upper back pai..
Housing a baby is tough work. When your feet are sore and swollen and your back feels like it's about to give out, there is nothing that feels as glorious as a heat pack. Heat therapy is a natural and effective pain relief tool for pregnancy and childbirth. Click'n'heat pack is designed to give you flexibility and versatility of use not only while pregnant but also during childbirth and for ..
Experts say $650 million in revenue is lost every year from lost work because of common ailments including back pain and joint pain, Continual, chronic pain sucks the life out of us and the productivity out of your meaningful work. Itâ€™s not uncommon to develop back or knee pain. More than 80% of the costs associated with back pain in workers are attributed to work interruption for a day or..
For those of us who love the great outdoors but like a few little creature comforts the camper pack is brilliant. Like all our heat packs this is a totally portable, totally easy to use pack. The hand warmers are hugely popular with campers and fishermen alike and the fact that you can access strong even heat whenever and wherever you are, is a winner with all. Pack inc..
Clicknheat packs can be used to target specific areas that need the benefit of initial cold therapy and ongoing heat therapy. Self-Management of aches and pains is an important part of rehabilitation and recovery. The initial management of injury has a huge impact in the length and quality of recovery and rehabilitation and hence highly recommended by Physiotherapist and Chiropractors time and aga..
Tripple Heatpack Deal These little dynamos are lightweight and totally portable. Click the button and they are an instant and portable source of relief when arthritic hands are making daily tasks a nightmare. Commonly used as a hand warmer designed to fit inside your pocket, desk, car glove-box or handbag. Its small portable size makes it perfect for use by children. ..
While the overall qualities of warmth and heat have long been associated with comfort and relaxation, heat therapy goes a step further and can provide both pain relief and healing benefits for many types of lower back and upper back pain. In addition, heat therapy for back pain - in the form of heat packs is both inexpensive and easy to use anywhere anytime. They are also both non-invasive ..
These little dynamos are lightweight and totally portable. Click the button and they are an instant and portable source of relief when arthritic hands are making daily tasks a nightmare. Commonly used as a hand warmer designed to fit inside your pocket, desk, car glove-box or handbag. Its small portable size makes it perfect for use by children. Benefits ..
This Package contains: Sports Heat Pack Sports Bio Ceramic Belt Designed for pain relief from sport and exercise. The belt contains self attaching velcro straps that allow you to position the heat pack exactly where you need, while you can still move around. The heat pack used with the belt hugs the painful area â€“ giving your body greater comfort. The ceramics in the..
Neck pain and shoulder pain are common conditions. A pain in the neck can be caused by something as simple as poor posture while watching TV or working on the computer. Painful shoulder conditions are caused by problems with the shoulder joint and its surrounding structures. The shoulder is more prone to injuries than other joints because of its wide range of movement. Usually, though, neck and sh..
This popular heat pack is recommended to be used on back, generates enough heat to soothe lower back/lumbar pain, effective for period pain, aching hips before and after hip replacement Popular with Farmers, cleaners, Nurses and Factory workers. A must have for pregnant women can be used during pregnancy, in labor and for those painful after birth cramps. Motor bikers love them as kid..
Can be used at the sports venues before a game or easily at home around an aching limb. Carry in a sports bag. The rectangular Sports Pack is manufactured with a convenient waist which makes it easy to fold to a 14cm double square. The fold gives it flexibility to sit snugly against the body or be easily folded around limbs or joints. Recommended to be used in conjunction with the Bio-Ceramic s..
So our bad cell phone company has been swallowed up by SatanTel. We feel like it's time for a new cell phone plan.
One of the greatest politicos (and possibly the greatest city council member) in Seattle history has died.
I met him a few times while Susan worked for the School of Pharmacy. He was a genial, polite man who was always happy to see you. As a council member he campaigned for transportation (especially the waterfront trolley) and small business.
In his later years his wife Evelyn spoke and acted for him as Parkinson's ate away at him. The story goes that Evelyn was the only girl who was willing to go on dates with George on the trolleys rather than in cars.
To quote a maligned song by a maligned band, "Sometimes I despair/the word will never see another man/like him."
In which I summarize which circles I filled in on my absentee ballot then go hide under a rock into this disaster of an election season is finally, finally over... in January.
President: Kerry, reluctantly. I don't really like him, think his "I have a plan" mantra speaks of a guy who cram all day January 19 to get a plan, and don't really know if he has a grasp on what it's going to take to win the war on terror. However, I'd take four years of muddled fumbling for directions over another four years of the straight-off-the-cliff driving of Bush. Iraq was useless distraction from the greater war on terror, a war with a noble cause (getting that crackhead Saddam out of there) fought under illegitimate grounds (Niger ring a bell?) by a Coalition of Tony Orlando and Dawn (US, UK, Australia, special guest star Poland, and 100 countries who polled their money to send the armies a Pick-Me-Up bouquet). Oh, just another anti-war liberal hippie? Not at all. I supported kicking Saddam's ass, I just thought the Bush method was idiotic and stupid.
Bush promised $15B to combat AIDS in Africa in 2002. He has delivered less than 1/3rd of that after two years. This after years of unrelenting pressure by non-profits, many of them evangelical Christian, to get money for AIDS in Africa. You have control over Congress and the White House and yet can't follow through on stopping what is emerging as our greatest threat to glocal security and the global economy?
He slashes taxes. He increases spending. This after 20+ years of his party saying the Democrats were tax-and-spend liberals. There really is an irony deficency in the GOP, isn't there?
Here we have "the most Christian" president in history who people believe was "chosed by the LORD" to be our leader. If so, why doesn't he regularly attend church services anywhere in the DC area -- or in Crawford? They say it's "security," but that's not hard to fix if you're a regular congregant, is it? And besides, he wasn't going to church before 9/11. Why isn't he in a believing body?
Senator: Patty Murray. She's done a good job and is her own person. George Nethercutt has spent his last years in the "other Washington" stealing his state delegation's ideas and claiming as his own. Opportunists never make good senators.
Governor: Christine Gregoire, though it wasn't a strong choice. She's another non-entity governor, but she has more experience than Dino Rossi, and Rossi's claiming his "business experience" will make him a better governor... even though he's been in the state house for the last 10+ years and was apparently not that good a real estate broker before then.
House, Seventh District: Nobody. Baghdad Jim McDermott making us look like a bunch of idiots versus Carol Cassady, certified idiot. I wish McDermott would retire.
Lieutenant Governor: Brad Owen. In this state, lieutenant governors do, uh, nothing except collect a paycheck. Don't see any reason to turn Owen out.
Sec. State: Jacqueline Passey. Yes, I'm voting for a Libertarian, one that is a polar opposite to my religious and social views. But she's the right choice here, since she's calling for things like receipts on electronic ballot machines and instant-runoff voting.
I-884, aka 1% for education: I'm voting no. It sounds great, but our sales tax in Seattle is already 8.6%, and with this we'll be close to 10% with this measure. This is an attempt to fix the problems of five years ago when the state teacher's association shoved the mandatory teacher pay increases and smaller class size intiatives down our throats without funding them. No, I'm not going for it, sorry. You mucked with the budget too much already.
I-892, aka Tim Eyman suckles at the teat of the gambling concern: No, no, no, no, no. Increased gambling means increased crime. There's a bar two blocks away that can get one-armed bandits if this measure passes. If so, how long until a bunch of compulsive gamblers come up the street to steal my change out of my car, sending my car insurance even higher? Oh, they say, but your property taxes will be lower. So? That $30 I'll save won't cover my comprehensive deductible.
R-55, aka charter schools: That would be a yes. We need more innovation in education, and charter schools will open the door to that.
I-297, aka Clean Up Hanford: Yup. It basically tells the Feds to clean up the radioactive mess already there before you import any more waste to store there. Don't see anything wrong with that.
Seattle I-83, aka Let's Vote On The Monorail For the FOURTH Time: No no no no. I am TIRED of voting on the Monorail. Can we STOP now? Please? A yes vote will mean ANOTHER vote, maybe TWO to fix the mess that this vote to stop the monorail will cause, all while the tax keeps on getting collected. And what's their plan with the Monorail money? Build a regional transportation system. That's right. Take tax money collected only in Seattle and spend it IN BELLEVUE. And this even after their "we already got a regional system" commercials. They're killing a transportation system for West Seattle and Ballard because the Rainier Valley is getting a train. Yeah, I see the logic in that. It's like saying the elderly in Iowa don't need flu shots because we gave them all to babies in Kentucky.
I have had nothing to blog about. Politics? Stupid. Baseball? Despite my hatred for the Yankees, there's not much to add about Boston's comeback. Baby? Diaper rash. Want me to describe it? Yeah, thought so.
Work? I never talk about it on here. There were changes at work. I had a larger workload. I got some things right and botched others. Now my workload is shrinking.
The officials, who spoke to the Post on condition of anonymity, said that the US Defense Intelligence Agency has concluded that North Korean officials are exploring ways to deceive Washington about the number of nuclear warheads and missiles they have, and the types and numbers of facilities they have, believing that the United States is not aware of the full range of their activities.
Bolton also said on "Face the Nation" that during the US-North Korea summit in Singapore, Kim was "very emphatic several times" about turning over the arsenal, which was a change from previous regimes.
The NBC report quoted USA officials who said they believe that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un might try to hide the facilities as he seeks more concessions in nuclear talks with the US.
Bolton said the USA has developed a program that would enable a relatively rapid dismantlement of North Korea's arsenal if the Kim regime is cooperative.
But the outlook of the North's denuclearisation efforts remain unclear at best, with the Washington Post reporting Saturday that Pyongyang plans to keep some of its nuclear stockpile and production facilities while potentially concealing them from the U.S.
"We have developed a program", Bolton said, "...about really how to dismantle all of their WMD [weapons of mass destruction] and ballistic missile programmes in a year".
On "Face the Nation" and "Fox News Sunday", Bolton refused to talk about a Washington Post report that U.S. intelligence officials have concluded North Korea does not intend to fully surrender its nuclear stockpile and is preparing to deceive the United States about the number of nuclear warheads in its arsenal and the existence of undisclosed facilities used to make fissile material.
Pompeo told reporters the day after the Singapore summit on June 12 that Washington hoped to achieve "major disarmament" by North Korea within Trump's current term, which ends on January 20, 2021. Trump touted the agreement as a significant step toward peace in the world. "There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea", Trump tweeted.
Immediately following the summit, Trump was quick to claim there was "no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea".
When grilled by lawmakers about the specifics of the administration's denuclearization plan for North Korea, Pompeo said he was "not prepared to talk about the details of the discussions that are taking place". "We're well aware of what the North Koreans have done in the past".
Another U.S. official cautioned: "Work is ongoing to deceive us on the number of facilities, the number of weapons, the number of missiles".
Siegfried Hecker, a nuclear scientist and Stanford University professor, has predicted it would take around 10 years to dismantle and clean up a substantial part of North Korea's Yongbyon nuclear site. Last summer, during his first one-on-one meeting with Putin, in Hamburg, Trump said that he questioned him about the interference accusations and that the Russian leader denied it. What we are going to give is good things in the future.
Trump added, "My government will not rest until we have done everything in our power to reduce violent crime and to protect innocent life".
Prior to naming him, authorities said the gunman entered the building in a targeted attack and "looked for his victims". At least two hospitals said they received three patients, two of them with minor injuries not caused by gunshots.
But the spotlight will also be on Coutinho, whose performance against Switzerland contrasted with Neymar's lackluster showing. One of the photos showed the playmaker touching the ball with his injured right ankle. " I think it will be a great game .
"This has been an impressive, impressive World Cup in terms of infrastructure and in terms of the teams", he added. Pele and Garrincha scored to secure a 2-0 win over Bulgaria at Everton's Goodison Park home in their opening game.
Portugal will take on take on Iran and Morocco will face Spain on June 25 in Group B's fixtures. 'We knew how to suffer,' he said. In his second game of the World Cup , Ronaldo overtook Denis Cheryshev of Russian Federation , who has scored three goals so far.
Belgium made 9 changes and England eight as star strikers Romalu Lukaku and Harry Kane were rested. Both teams have already qualified for the knockout stages after winning their first two games.
It's extremely hard , at times impossible, for a coach to know the exact moment when it's right to leave. South Korea ended the match with two goals during injury time, leaving some fans in tears of joy.
Tripp , who as of Friday evening had still not secured an attorney, declined to respond to Tesla's new lengthy assertions. There's still no suggestion that the employee had any higher agenda than settling a petty dispute with Tesla .
oasis furniture bold and dynamic enough to embrace and adapt to changes in the industry in order to meet market demands through the years oasis furniture has created some.
oasis furniture used office furniture awesome which kitchen is your favorite urban oasis sweepstakes full.
oasis furniture top modern interior designers best modern furniture brands oasis shop at brands furniture.
После оплаты вы получаете ссылку по которой вы сможете получить лицензионный ключ (CD KEY) из коробки с игрой Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 - Collection 4 от официального поставщика - компании "Новый Диск", для активации в системе STEAM. Внимание: Для успешной активации дополнения Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 - Collection 4 необходимо иметь активированный и установленный в Steam оригинал игры Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3. В состав дополнения входит пять новых карт для многопользовательской игры: Gulch (Заброшенный шахтерский город). Boardwalk (Побережье Джерси). Off shore (Морское сражение за нефтедобывающую платформу). Decommission (Перестрелки среди остов океанских лайнеров). Parish (Бои в разрушенном квартале Нового Орлеана). Финальная, четвертая коллекция дополнительных материалов для Modern Warfare 3 включает пять новых карт для многопользовательской игры. Gulch перенесет вас в заброшенный шахтерский городок, затерянный в горах, где вы сможете укрыться от огня противника в старых штольнях и за обломками оборудования. На карте Boardwalk вас ждет побережье Джерси и яростные перестрелки на пляже под жарким полуденным солнцем. Off shore и Decommission позволят открыть боевые действия на море, сражаясь за нефтедобывающую платформу и брошенные остовы океанских лайнеров. К тому же, вы сможете принять участие в боях в городе среди руин французского квартала Нового Орлеана на карте Parish. Особенности продукта: - Сразитесь с врагами у прибрежной полосы, используя необычный рельеф новой карты для режима многопользовательской игры. Кладбище брошенных и списанных океанских лайнеров, ставшее прибежищем для местного населения, позволит вам проявить свои лучшие бойцовские качества. - В новой карте для режима многопользовательской игры вам предстоит выбраться с нефтяной платформы посреди океана, обернувшейся смертельной ловушкой. Краны, площадки и другие объекты таят многочисленные возможности для ведения снайперского огня. Смотрите под ноги, не то упадете! - Спустя десятилетия после пожара, спалившего маленький городок старателей, красные стены каньона вновь озарились отблесками пламени. Горные склоны, шахты и детали оборудования превратились в идеальное поле боя. - Приятный солнечный денек на побережье Джерси обернулся настоящей заварушкой. Сражайтесь за превосходство на местном пляже, сокрушите врагов и уделите время американским горкам. Оригинальную копию ключа, лицензионное соглашение и все копии программного обеспечения в оригинальной упаковке вы можете получить удобным для вас способом. Для этого после оплаты и получения цифровой копии ключа, свяжитесь с нами по email или телефону. Для жителей Москвы доставка может быть осуществлена курьером. Почтовые расходы по отправке, равно как и услуги курьерской службы оплачиваются вами отдельно.
‘E’ or ‘e’ (mark) 1) Marking on goods (vehicle components – light bulbs, lenses, etc) to indicate that they have been T...
1) Loading gauge or rail gauge. The width of facilities to accommodate through trains carrying freight units (eg containers, swap-bodies, etc), also the width of the actual rail track (UK standard 4ft 8Ѕins). See also Static gauge and Kinematic envelope.
| Loading gauge or rail gauge. The width of facilities to accommodate through trains carrying freight units (eg containers, swap-bodies, etc), also the | Gauge
This brush with a handle is convenient to oeprate, large thickened sponge, make your glasses cleaner and you don&apos;t need to spend much energy.
Bathroom Faucets designed by Kohler is the ultimate option that we should choose when we’re thinking of the stuff that will be decorated the kitchen. They already realized as one of the star producers in making the kitchen’s equipment. The sink or the faucets is one of the samples from Kohler. We can get the product easily and quickly in the nearby stores. Choose the right brand to get the better result for the bathroom. Read more
Posted in Bathroom Designs Tagged kohler bathroom faucets brushed nickel, kohler bathroom faucets chrome, kohler bathroom faucets oil rubbed bronze, kohler bathroom faucets polished brass, kohler bathroom faucets repair, kohler bathroom faucets reviews, kohler bathroom faucets single hole, kohler bathtub faucet, kohler brass bathroom faucets, kohler commercial bathroom faucets, kohler contemporary bathroom faucets, kohler faucet parts, lowes kohler bathroom faucets Leave a comment
Design ideas reserved for boys room or young men generally do not require any exhilaration in coordinating their place. They even don’t treatment as to what space they must create their faces cozy. That is why it is rather demanding for parents to brighten their boys’ area. Aside from that, dad also mom ought to improve up their son’s desire to acquire their unique fantastic room. Design plus Style suggestions for guys house are seriously unique Read more
Falling waters by frank lloyd wright is one of the most popular water fall maker that you can have for your house. The water fall is the perfect decoration that you can have. because, it will give you the soothing and calm feeling that is resulting from the nature look of the waterfall. And to know more about the feature, here are some review and information for you to know from the product. Frank Lloyd Read more
Modern kitchen curtains designs are one of the best decorations that people could use in their kitchen design. Modern kitchen curtains could add a great looking decoration to the kitchen window and, therefore, increase the looks of the kitchen design. There are plenty of kitchen curtain kinds that differed by the pattern and the material. Here are some important tips in choosing modern kitchen curtain. Modern Kitchen Curtains Patterns One of the things that make Read more
Posted in Windows Tagged kitchen curtains fruit design, kitchen curtains grapes design, kitchen curtains with rooster designs, modern kitchen curtains designs ideas, modern kitchen curtains designs valances, modern kitchen curtains designs vintage, modern kitchen window curtains designs Leave a comment
Bluestone Pavers used to be the style of your choice to decorate the outside of your home area. If you put on the outside of your house, it will feel a strong impression and elegant too. The impression formed is a bit feels classic, but in the next arrangement, style can be made contemporary and modern tend. You will create a new form in the area you step outside your home. Bluestone Pavers with Old Read more
Overflowing drop-in tub Infinity Tub is great for those who love to have rich and sensory-luxurious bathing experiences. With their unceasing flow of water that could cascade from over every sides of the basin, this kind of bad could offer the ultimate satisfying experience of body immersion. Furthermore, the design of this kind of bathtub is also immensely comfortable plus stylish that you could bask in the luxury along with elegance as much as you Read more
Posted in Bathroom Designs Tagged chromatherapy tubs, drop-in effervescence bath with chromatherapy, drop-in tub, infinity tub, overflow bathtubs, overflowing tubs, overflowing two drop-in tub, sok overflowing drop-in tub, tub kohler, tub price Leave a comment
Baby nursery themes may vary widely which can confuse you when you want to determine the best theme for your baby nursery. There are many themes available, include animals images, flowers, wild animals, geometric, zoo, sports, transportation, toys, and famous cartoon characters. Themes with images of animals, including wild animals e.g birds, monkeys, bugs, bees, frog, zebra, cows, horses, lions, tigers and others. Themes with geometric figures (flat and space), for example: square, circle, triangle, Read more
Sink faucets for kitchen designed by Grohe can be chosen by the owner of the house who craves to have such good faucet quality. Not only from the faucet grade but also from the sink quality they offer to the customer. They offer the customer through many products which we can select freely and get the best faucet ever. How to do so? Well we can stop by their store and try to do the Read more
Plummers Furniture, in 1963 founded and has been consign their expertise with high grade products for the satisfaction of consumer. They excel in the mid-century recent style also they have all ranges of contemporary furnishing options suitable for homes in all ranges of styles. Furthermore, many of their products are also considerably affordable and of great value, making them considerably popular amongst home owners. Plummers Furniture and Environment Well-being The creative skills behind their creations Read more
Oops! Look's like you've found an error. Our team is hard at work fixing this, and we'll be back soon with the data you love.
The Roos were unbeaten in 18 games ? winning 17 and drawing one ? when they strode to an impressive triumph in the Singapore Premier League in 1994.
To honour that achievement, a special Tribute Night celebration will be held at the Perth SC club at Dorrien Gardens on Thursday, June 19.
The event is being organised by Gary Marocchi, who coached the Kangaroos, and his assistant, Micky Brennan.
"We feel that such an important milestone can’t be allowed to slip past without some sort of recognition," said Marocchi, who is now President of Perth SC.
The Kangaroos comprised players from the WA State League and many of them went on to play for Perth Glory in the National Soccer League.
I adore time travel romances, and love the Regency period, so what could be more natural than to write a Regency time travel romance?
Currently I’m having huge fun writing Priscilla’s Destiny, the third book in a time travel trilogy. All three books can be read as standalone novels. However, the time travel element wraps up in Priscilla. (More on the trilogy here.)
The trilogy features the time traveling adventures of three sisters. Priscilla’s the youngest of the Ballantine girls, and unlike Tara and Molly, who are competent and efficient, Priscilla is a day-dreamer. No matter how dangerous the situation, Priscilla’s first reaction is to take in the scene and remember the details. And then reach for her sketchbook.
Since I don’t want to give away any spoilers, I thought I’d give you a little snippet. Priscilla wakes up in France, In 1809…
Darkness had fallen. A fire crackled softly a dozen feet away. Looking down, she saw her arms encased in white cotton, soft, and well-washed, but with streaks of dirt. She lifted her arms to shake the sleeves back, and saw her bare legs.
She remembered his face. An interesting face. She wanted to draw that face. Whoever he was however, he was just a big shape in the darkness.
“De Roche, of course. And you’re Julianna, so don’t argue about it. Why call yourself Priscilla? Surely a French name or a German name would have been more suitable?”
He thought she was someone called Julianna. Priscilla had a choice to make. Let him go on thinking that she was Julianna, or explain who she was? As quickly as the thought came into her mind, she dismissed the idea of telling him anything at all. She was alone, heaven knew where, in the middle of the night. Alone with a strange man.
More to the point, she was naked, in the middle of the night, heaven knew where, alone with a strange man. If everything had gone to plan, she was 200 years in the past. She’d asked him what year it was. She had to ask again. “What year is it?”
“That knock on the head’s scrambled your brains. It’s 1809. Now, enough of this. Tell me what happened to you, and more importantly, where are the papers?”
Don’t feel sorry for Priscilla. Although she’s in a real mess — and naked — she soon takes charge, and surprises herself. Dominick de Roche surprises her too. 🙂
Priscilla’s Destiny will be released in late May. Her sister’s stories are available now, Tara’s Enchantment and Molly’s Magic.
In this collection you'll find six of the "Follyjohn Gossip" short stories, with six enchanting heroines.
Her sister Catherine believes that Elaine's hair tells you everything that you need to know about her. It's flame-red. When Sir Oliver Destry trifles with Elaine, she decides on revenge. Elaine soon discovers the truth of the old saying that if you want to make the gods laugh, just tell them your plans.
Pure evil dispatches gorgeous Tara Ballantine across the centuries, to Regency England. Tara lands on Adam Jervoise, Earl of Hillingworth -- literally -- as he's riding through a bluebell wood.
At 24, not only is Molly Ballantine stunning, she has two sisters she loves, and a wonderful career. Then her eldest sister Tara vanishes, and her life disintegrates.
Molly's life is about to become even more chaotic. She wakes up in a brothel with a man who's too good-looking for her peace of mind.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015
apps author authors blogging book marketing books collection creativity editing England Facebook fiction fiction writing historical history hot romance how to write ideas journal kindle marketing motivation mysteries NaNoWriMo novel novella novels passion plotting fiction productivity promotion regency regency romance romance scrivener self-publishing series short story time management time travel write a novel writer's block writing process writing strategies writing tips
In 1816 England, pretty Eleanor Devayne teaches young ladies at Miss Merryford's Academy. Although Ellie's job scandalizes her family, Ellie is happy, because she's supporting her small sister.
She's gorgeous, but hot-tempered, and Scottish heiress Bess Fleming takes the ton by storm. She's refused six proposals of marriage -- will Lord Darius make number seven?
The relationship between scandalous Lady Hedworth and Major Lord Cambwell has teased and annoyed the gossiping mamas of the ton for years.
Four steamy Regency romances with heroines you'll adore... If you love Regency romance, you'll adore these four heroes and heroines. Join them as they discover passion, and love -- in the strangest circumstances.
Delightful Regency romance. Transport yourself across two centuries, leaving your everyday world behind. Imagine yourself in the Age of Elegance in three steamy Regency stories with heroines and heroes you'll adore. You'll enjoy fun romps with enchanting heroines, and strong, gloriously handsome heroes.
From the thousand pictures online about 4K Tv Kopen Of Niet, we picks the very best collections together with greatest quality just for you all, and this pictures is actually one among pictures collections within our best pictures gallery about 4K Tv Kopen Of Niet. I am hoping you might want it.
After having successfully launched (and landed) two rovers on Mars, with a third on the way, NASA is readjusting priorities and focusing on the outer gas planets.
(Red Orbit) However, Griffin referred to a recent evaluation from the US National Research Council which gave NASA an “A” for its ventures to Mars, while it received a “D” for outer planets and a “C” for research and analysis.
He announced that a major robotic mission to the outer planets was in the works. “We’ve rebalanced our planetary science portfolio accordingly,” Dr Griffin told the conference.
“As I discussed elsewhere, we’ve learned more, and had more questions to answer, about the many other planets and moons in our Solar System.
“So after Mars Science Lab – the current planetary sciences flagship – we are now planning in earnest for an outer planets flagship to Europa, Titan or Ganymede.”
Even though news like this will not make the Mars Society very happy, NASA’s new direction will probably help out Jovian scientists who have been patiently waiting to launch their own probes (and perhaps rovers) to the outer planets.
While Europa and Io are too radioactive for human settlement, Jupiter’s other siblings (Ganymede and Callisto) may hold much promise for our future species, along with Saturn’s Titan (which may rival Earth in beauty).
With the supply of nuclear fuel limited (especially for Americans), future space colonies will probably need to look towards the Sun as their source of energy.
While this may benefit colonies located within the inner solar system, beyond the asteroid belt solar power is practically useless.
In order to get around their energy dilemma’s, future colonists may have to rely upon hydrogen fuel in order to keep the lights on.
(Israel 21st Century) Most hydrogen vehicles on the road use a liquid form of the material, which requires a super strong and super heavy storage tank. Liquid hydrogen is unstable and needs to be insulated from the excess shocks of bumps and potholes that are a part of everyday driving, so the tanks themselves are large and heavy, and hold at most 20 liters of fuel – enough for barely 250 kilometers of driving. […]
The difference? C.En’s tank uses hydrogen gas, collected from the environment (i.e. not produced from fossil fuels) and enclosed in a thin but leak proof glass container. The best part: You’ll be able to buy your “gas” at automotive or discount stores, fueling up every 600 kilometers or so.
“We can build a 60-liter tank that can travel up to 600 km. and weighs no more than 50 kg.,” Stern said, unlike tanks currently used for liquid hydrogen that weigh hundreds of kilos.
“Our company’s breakthrough is in accumulating hydrogen in a glass material that is very small, only a few microns,” said Stern, who is also president of waste treatment company Environmental Energy Resources (EER).[“]
If humanity ever decides to settle upon Ganymede and Callisto, future residents could simply extract the hydrogen from the ice water and power their homes without having to haul around a nuclear reactor.
Other icy moons around Saturn, Uranus and Neptune would also be able to benefit from this, as would help cut down the cost of maintaining these outposts (which may convince Earthen governments of their value in supporting them in the first place).
Of the 83 colony worlds that dance and prance around our golden star, only six worlds (excluding our home planet) hold the potential of being future homes, nine if you include Mercury, Pluto and Charon.
Despite the fact that future technology could eventually open up all of these worlds for human habitation, only a few of them may attract “the masses” after the first person sets foot upon their dusty soil due to the “evil R word”–radiation.
Contrary to the various rumors, taking heavy doses of radiation does not turn one into the Hulk, one of the members of the Fantastic Four or Spider Man via a radioactive spider bite.
Radiation, whether cosmic or solar has the potential of seriously roasting you alive, if not turning one into a vegetable.
Even though humans can tolerate “various degrees” of radiation, our bodies seem to be quite content with the level of background radiation our species receives on planet Earth, which is about 0.35 REM’s (aka Roentgen Equivalent Man) a year.
Higher doses of radiation can prove to be fatal towards future colonies, and some researchers do not recommend levels above 50 REM within a year or 25 REM during a 30 day period as it can lead towards some serious side affects (as highlighted in the chart below).
While radiation can be countered by using water, lead and aluminum, parents may be hesitant to breed upon foreign planets and moons (let alone raise kids upon them) if it will result in their children acquiring serious birth defects.
In order to determine which worlds are “family friendly,” one only has to look at how much radiation a world receives to determine whether or not it is suitable for large populations or should be left alone for industrial space companies.
Starting out with Mars, one often dreams about metropolises dotting the surface of that crimson sphere. While Mars may hold much promise for future colonies, its annual dose of 15-20 REM may give some settlers second thoughts.
While future Martians may be able to combat the threat of radiation by building cities within its lumpy magnetic field, the red planet as a whole may not spawn dense cities until a globe sized artificial magnetic field can be constructed.
Moving outward to the Jovian system future space settlers may find more fortune living on Jupiter’s moon Callisto. Orbiting just outside of its angry parents radiation belt, Callisto receives approximately 0.01 REM a day (or about 3.65 REM a year).
Coupled with its prime location in the outer solar system, Callisto may outpace its Martian rivals population wise, and may be second only to Earth as far as future inhabitants go.
Unfortunately Jupiter’s other lunar daughters do not fare as well as Callisto, with all three of these worlds (Ganymede, Europe, Io) bathed in Jupiter’s harsh radiation belt, putting them at a disadvantage compared to their much colder, “uglier” sister.
Traveling further outward towards Saturn, one may find it strange that humans may call the smog world of Titan home sweet home. While its surface may be hidden from the human eye, its atmosphere may be thick enough to protect residents from both solar rays as well as Saturn’s radiation belts.
Even though there are other worlds such as Luna (aka Earth’s moon), Ceres, and even Ganymede that may eventually be civilized by our ever growing race, these worlds may not conquered right away due to the “invisible killer” lurking in the shadows.
While it would not be surprising to see scientists and industrial corporations setting up shop on these hostile worlds, the bulk of humanity may choose to remain on these radiation safe worlds until over population forces them to conquer these overlooked spheres roaming silently among the stars.
With our species blessed with 83 worlds that orbit our home star, why would we choose to settle some and skip the rest? After all, would it not be in humanities best interest to spread our glory over every celestial moon, planet and dwarf planet?
While covering every centimeter of every orbiting sphere may sound glorious, it may not be practical (or even desired) by our future descendants. Just as the human race chooses to (mainly) live within fertile valley’s and hills over deserts and mountains, so to our children may opt to skip worlds with “too much hassle” involved in settling them.
A prime example of this would be Mercury. Although humanity may posses the capability of colonizing this sphere, its close orbit towards the Sun may make it uninhabitable, at least during the day time (thanks to solar radiation).
Even though Mercury may contain many precious metals beneath its baked crust, it will probably never boast large metropolis’s upon its surface, unless Earth decides to turn it into a planetary penal colony.
Moving outward to Venus, one could easily realize why humanity would never ever want to set foot on the planet, let alone through its thick atmosphere. The atmospheric pressure on Venus is about 90 times that of Earth, strong enough to crush a human unprotected.
Hosting sulfuric acid within its upper clouds, Venus may be more valuable as an interplanetary garbage dump than a viable colony (even for science).
Over in the Jovian system, Jupiter’s moon Io shares a similar fate to Venus. Although lacking an atmosphere, Io does house numerous volcanoes upon its surface, some of which spew hot sulfur hundreds of kilometers from its surface.
Even if scientists were able to withstand the deadly radiation that engulfs this world, they would probably not enjoy swimming in one of Io’s numerous lava lakes.
Despite the fact that Io’s lunar sister is known to harbor an abundance of water ice, Europa may only gather a mournful glance from a few scientists observing from Ganymede. Even though many scientists suspect that Europa may have oceans beneath its surface, the world is jealously guarded by its father Jupiter, who bathes its lunar daughter in deadly radiation.
While some have suggested digging a hole beneath the icy surface, doing so may only guarantee ones fate within the icy walls, as Europa has a fairly active surface, which could result in one getting crushed by its icy “tectonic plates.”
When it comes to radiation, Saturn’s ring worlds do not seem to fare any better than Europa. While the icy moons of Mimas, Enceladus, Tethys, Dione, and Rhea may find their surfaces scoured by robots (in search of water ice), these lunar bodies unfortunately orbit within Saturn’s radiation belts.
Even though engineers will probably find a way to shield themselves with artificial magnetic fields (or even create enormous planetary versions), the added cost of doing so may make living on these worlds too expensive for the “average space colonist.”
The moons of Uranus and Neptune who dance around their green and blue parents, respectively may share a similar fate to their Saturian cousins.
Although its quite possible that these moons may eventually be settled by humanity, they may find themselves harboring space pirates (to the delight of solar governments everywhere) as their distance from Earth and lack of nearby resources may make them unattractive for the masses.
Heading out towards the Kuiper belt, one wonders whether humanity will have the attention span of settling any of these frozen objects at the edge of our solar system.
Although colonizing both Pluto and Charon could provide a few engineering delights, one wonders if humanity may simply decide to ignore these historical relics as they head out to other promising star systems.
Our race is indeed blessed to inhabit a fertile world that orbits our favorite star, Sol. With 83 colony worlds dancing around our yellow sun, one can only imagine all the possibilities of our brave race inhabiting them all.
Of course, reality has a way of correcting our fantasies, and just as humanity refuses to dwell near or upon certain mountains, canyons and islands, so our young species may opt to skip over certain worlds in order to inhabit others.
The first (and probably most obvious) world earth’s kids may call home is the moon (aka Luna). The moon will be humanities first stepping stone way from Earth, and will most like jump start our journey into space, as its soil may contain valuable resources that can pay for all the fancy equipment needed to survive off world.
Skipping Earth’s nearest neighbor would probably be disastrous, as our sensitive public is barely able to handle any “boo boo’s” that happen in the solar abyss, much less a fatality. If terraforming ever became a reality, the moon would be a prime candidate for another Earth, as it already inhabits the “Goldilocks zone.”
Journeying outward, our dusty neighbor Mars would come into play. Despite lacking resources of its own to attract businesses upon its crimson soil, Mars does hold an abundance of water which would make a human settlement somewhat possible upon its rusty surface.
(Video: A visual of what Mars would look like if a large portion of its ice water melted and flooded the planet. Credit: NASA)
Mars is also conveniently located near the asteroid belt, which could help turn this barren world into an industrial paradise. Although other worlds (such as Earth) could always mine the asteroid belt with their own ships, it may be easier (and cheaper) to outsource that task to the Martians, the way many American business outsource their “sneaker and jacket making” to China.
Expanding further throughout the solar system, dwarf world Ceres would come into play. Thought to hold an abundance of water beneath its surface, Ceres could easily serve as a way station, supplying crews with water and fuel in the middle of the asteroid belt.
Entering the realm of the Jovian giant Jupiter, humanity would probably end up settling on Callisto. Not only does this heavily cratered moon harbor life necessities (such as CO2 and water), but it could also serve as a gateway towards the other gas giants.
Although Callisto may play a crucial role in our quest to colonize our star system, its bigger brother Ganymede may end up becoming the Jovian favorite, and perhaps even the prime world of the gas giants.
Entering our last stop would be Saturn’s Titan, a world believed to contain multitude of methane lakes. Although Titan’s methane weather cycle may be worth billions, its unique environment may become the attraction of the solar system, as its air pressure may make life very interesting for sports enthusiasts, artists and even musicians.
Of all the worlds that orbit our star system, these six worlds will probably be illuminated by the lights of future cities upon its surface.
But what about the other 76 worlds that grace our star system? Are not they worthy of being called home by future residents?
Unfortunately many of these other worlds will probably not be settled due to various reasons (at least voluntarily), although you will have to wait until next week to find out why most of these worlds will probably be skipped by our human race in our quest to colonize the stars.
Carbon based life forms are not the only ones to fear deadly radiation. Apparently, our cybernetic friends loathe the energetic particles just as much, although they lack the will of HAL to do anything about it.
Previously whenever scientists sent camera’s into the radiation depths of the Jovian giant Jupiter, by degrading the circuits over time. A new invention however may enable these cameras to withstand the fury of Jupiter’s radiation tantrums.
(MSNBC) The technology driving the new detector is a capturing system that immediately converts electromagnetic signals into digital information, pixel by pixel. The method bypasses the standard pathway traveled by analog signals from sensors to the point where the signal is converted to digital data.
High-energy radioactive particles in space degrade these circuits, or pathways, over time and add to noise in the data by making pixels appear artificially bright. […]
“Our detector converts the analog signal to a digital number within the pixel,” Figer told LiveScience. “Radiation does not have time to affect the signal. And once the data is digitized it’s essentially impossible to pick up noise.”
This also might aid scientists in observing the turbulent weather that dominates the Sol star’s largest planet within its system.
July 2012 Colorado River Waterflow Reports, lake havasu, lake mead, parker strip, lake levels, river levels
Releases from Davis and Parker dams will vary from about 4,500 cubic feet per second (cfs) to 23,000 cfs during a 24-hour period. River levels will vary during the 24-hour periods with the higher levels coinciding with periods of peak hydroelectric power generation. Levels below the dams are usually highest during the afternoon and early evening. Average daily releases may vary in response to changing conditions.
Average daily releases and midnight lake elevations for the week, as well as anticipated averages for the following 2 weeks, are scheduled as follows:
Current Lake Powell storage is 15,035 thousand acre-feet (KAF) (62 percent of capacity). Lake Mead storage is 13,150 KAF (50 percent of capacity). Total system storage is 35,691 KAF (60 percent of capacity). Lake Powell elevation is 3,631.62 feet.
Yesterday, the average Colorado River flows were 1,260 cfs near the Yuma Fourth Avenue Bridge and 1,515 cfs at the Northerly International Boundary. The average release from Painted Rock Dam was 0 cfs and Alamo Dam was 42 cfs. The Morelos Dam diversions for the week of 16-Jul-2012 are expected to be 1,481 cfs.
ALL RIVER USERS should remember that fluctuating river flows may conceal or create natural hazards such as moving sandbars, gravel bars, unstable riverbanks, floating or submerged debris, or other unfamiliar obstacles. Caution should be exercised while using the river between Davis Dam and the Mexican Border at San Luis, Arizona.
Liberman had initially said that the Qatari fuel would be restored only if the violence was halted. Tovah Lazaroff, October 23, 2018 23:20 A fuel tanker bound for the Gaza power plant is seen in the central Gaza Strip October 9, 2018. (photo credit: IBRAHEEM ABU MUSTAFA / REUTERS) Israel has rescinded its ban the […]
Immigration to Israel declines in 2018, despite 35% increase in immigration from Russia, as French aliyah declines. Cnaan Liphshiz, JTA, 12/10/18 New olim arrive in Israel on Nefesh B’Nefesh flight Yoni Kempinski Jewish immigration to Israel dropped slightly in the first eight months of 2018 over the corresponding period last year, despite […]
Over the past few weeks, the protests along the border fence have increased in intensity and Gazans have been hurling improvised explosive devices such as firecrackers and grenades at IDF forces. Anna Ahronheim October 4, 2018 19:01 As the summer comes to a close, the chances of war in the Gaza Strip between Israel and […]
German chancellor arrives for annual government-to-government confab postponed by Berlin for 18 months because of displeasure over settlements policies. Herb Keinon October 3, 2018 22:13 Against the background of significant differences between Jerusalem and Berlin over Iran and the Palestinians, German Chancellor Angela Merkel arrived Wednesday for her fifth visit to Israel since taking office […]
While Netanyahu has been the most vocal proponent of Trump’s decision in May to withdraw from the Iran deal, Merkel has applied equal but opposite force in order to keep the deal alive. By CHARLES BYBELEZER/THE MEDIA LINE October 3, 2018 There has been relatively little build-up to this week’s visit to Israel […]
October 1, 2018 By 21wire AHT Russia has decided to send to Syria its S-300 VM system and has started delivering the Krasukha 4 radar systems jammer and other related military equipment. These installations indicate the low level of relations between Moscow and Tel Aviv. Israel’s capacity to destroy the new Russian system in Syria is not at issue. […]
Experts said the Syrian regime felt more confident after Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem pledged that Syria will retake Golan Heights from Israel in his address to the UN General Assembly. By MAYA MARGIT/THE MEDIA LINE September 30, 2018 17:19 Syria’s Foreign Minister Walid Muallem addressed the UN General Assembly on Saturday with a […]
Danon said those watching Netanyahu’s speech can expect to learn information beyond what was included in his April 30th announcement of a raid on a Tehran storage facility stocked with nuclear program files. September 27, 2018 00:57 NEW YORK — Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu may declassify new, revelatory intelligence on Iran and its nuclear program in […]
Moscow has placed the blame of the downing of the Russian reconnaissance plane last week on Israel, accusing it of using the IL-20 as cover to carry out the strikes on targets in Syria. Anna Ahronheim September 25, 2018 10:44 Russia has announced that it has radar data proving that Israeli jets hid behind the […]
National Security Advisor John Bolton urges Russia to reconsider plan to transfer advanced missiles to Syria. David Rosenberg, 24/09/18 20:57 John Bolton Reuters The US National Security Advisor said Tehran should be held responsible for last week’s downing of a Russian military plane over Syria, and warned Monday that Russian plans to transfer advanced […]
Our goal is to ensure that every student gets the information they need. Click below for our school catalog.
A family whose suburban home is haunted by evil forces must come together to rescue their youngest daughter after the apparitions take her captive.
Tuesday November 13, 2018 03:36 © 2007 - 2018 Tasang Limited, All Rights Reserved 0.0526s/1,049k [TH]
The 25-year old has opted out of a job of an accessories buyer for High Street store Jigsaw after less than a year, telling her pals that she wanted ’some time to herself’.
Her move has, however, has raised eyebrows among staff given that she was required to work only four days a week to accommodate her royal boyfriend’s schedule.
“Kate is a nice enough girl but she was never what you might call committed to the job,” the Daily Mail quoted the fellow staff member, as saying.
“She never worked full-time and appeared to take an inordinate amount of time off to go jetting round the world with her boyfriend.
“It certainly rubbed a few people here up the wrong way. To be told she would be resting for a while ‘looking at other things’ didn’t exactly come as a surprise. She has always been treated as a special case,” the staff member said. (ANI)
Tags: accommodate, amount of time, daily mail, fellow staff member, inordinate, jigsaw, job, kate middleton, opted, pals, quits, raised eyebrows, royal engagement, rumours, she wanted, time off
I love a good tutorial! Although I'm much better off with an actual pattern, I have made quite a few things from the many tutorials you can find on generous crafter's blogs. I like to share the handmade love too, and realized the other day that the tutorials I've done here have added up over the last two years... wow I've been blogging for almost 2 years... that's a post all of it's own! So for your convenience (and mine too the next time someone asks me "how'd you make that") I added a list of links to my tutorial posts to the right margin of the blog. If you haven't been an Elle Belle fan since the beginning *GASP* check 'em out! And definitely let me know if you use any of them, I'd love love love to see your creations!
Share some handmade how to of your own as well... post a comment here with a link to your favorite tutorial (one of your own or one you've found online) if you care to!
Everyday you are creating thoughts. Thoughts that are interesting and beautiful, profound and deep, silly and funny. Whatever your thought style is, they should be recorded. CREATEaTHOUGHT's mission is to help you do just that. Browse through this Etsy shop and find one-of-a-kind journals like this vintage bingo design:
I'll confess that I'm not good about keeping a journal... I ease the guilt by referring to this blog as my diary of creative endeavors... but I am a list making fool! I have notebooks stashed just about everywhere and of course they can't be those hideous cardboard brown ones...even boring grocery lists deserve an interesting place to land.
If you don't want to keep your thoughts all to yourself, CREATE a THOUGHT has you covered there too with Flair2Wear buttons.
Thank you everyone who stopped by to comment on my giveaway and especially to those of you who decided to follow my little diary of crafty endeavors (a.k.a. my blog)! Without further ado... random.org picked our winner... DESIREE. Come on down Desiree and claim your Elle Belle tag blanket!
Welcome Sew Mama Sew visitors (and my usuals of course too)! I'm hoping to make it a bit easier to add some handmade goodness to your day, so I'm participating in the Give Away Day and giving away a boy or girl Minky and satin crinkle corner tag blanket. All you have to do is check out my Etsy shop and leave a comment here on my blog about your favorite Elle Belle item. I’ll give you an additional entry if you like my blog enough to follow. Just click on the “follow” button on the right and leave a 2nd comment on this post to indicate that you follow. I'll use a random # generator thingie to pick a winner midnight Saturday May 30th. Good Luck! Hidden crinkle material gives one corner a curious crunchy sound & feel • Built with unbeatably super soft genuine Minky and satin, they are oh so snuggly • 12 distinct ribbons compliment the fabric and add a variety of texture and color • At approximately 14x14 inches square (not including the ribbon), they’re just the right size for the diaper bag and convenient for car seat playtime.
Elle Belle tag blankets are designed to sooth little ones while engaging them in tactile, auditory, and visual, exploration. They are the perfect cozy alternative to the larger crib sized comforts they know and love. Will they be jealous of your super cute handmade gift at the next shower? ©
Even though we’re nearly across the country from each other, my Mom and I must have been on the same wave length because she and I both spent the day cleaning out and re-organizing our spaces a few weeks ago (see my My Space Now Hers post). My space happens to be a sewing studio, hers is an office were she runs her Real Estate business. So, for Mother’s Day I thought I would make her a collaged clipboard to help in her efforts to find a place for everything and keep everything in its place… not to mention add a little whimsy to her work area. If you’d like to make one as a gift or for yourself, there are a few tools that will make it easier and give you a nice finished product. In addition to the paper and embellishments you’ll use to decorate your clip board, you’ll need: scrappy glue, bone folder, sanding block, & corner rounder. First, cut your papers to fit the clipboard & round the bottom corners. Spread scrappy glue evenly over the surface of the clipboard (I used a tooth pick, you could also use a paint brush, to get an even coat) and adhere your papers. Tie bits of ribbon to the clip part. Add stickers (the blue “ribbon” that divides the two papers is actually adhesive backed paper and the cupcakes are cut from another piece of card stock and applied with more scrappy glue) and use your bone folder to cleanly apply any rub on transfers (the words are rub ons). Using your sanding block, sand all along the edge of the clip board; this gives it a really finished look and keeps the paper from lifting away from the edges. If you weren’t using distressed look papers like I did, you could use an ink pad to apply that finish to the piece. Have fun!
The Etsy community is such a wonderful group of crafters! Case in point, Bloomhill Baby. The Etsy Baby street team hosted a baby shower for Moms on Etsy. If you were expecting or had a baby within 3 months you could sign up to be showered with some handmade baby goodness from 2 members of the Etsy Baby team. How sweet is that?!
The very tallented, Tammy of Bloomhill Baby, makes some really adorable baby items... some that even include machine embroidery that she custom designs herself. She created this pretty little onesie for Liv with her initials.
Bloomhill Baby's profile says she's a perfectionist and you can definitely tell it in her work! This onesie is great quality and her attention to detail on the trim and embroidered design is obvious. Tammy's commitment to excellence makes her a dream to work with and I so appreciate her generosity!
Elle Belle has you covered when it comes to those littlest birthdays! For the actual birth day, nothing beats an Elle Belle sling! They come with written instructions that include pictures, so if Mommy hasn't used a sling before she'll be a pro in no time. I guarentee the first time baby is inconsolable and the only thing that works is the sling, you'll get a call from the new Mommy to thank you for your gift that saved the day. Or maybe she'll thank you instead for actually being able to make herself a sandwhich or fold laundry for the first time because baby won't let her put him/her down. Slings are new Mommy life savers!
First birthdays are great for hooded towels that make bath time and those trips to the beach/pool even more fun. The recycled no-break/no-roll crayons are also a big hit with this creative crowd.
Second birthdays beg for an Elle Belle I Spy quilt! They’re an extra special gift that makes for lots of quality fun time with Mommy & Daddy and is sure to become a cherished heirloom.
Third birthdays are the perfect time to start preparing for pre-school and get a jump on letter, number, & color recognition with Elle Belle Count & Spell beanbags.
Forth birthdays and that little one isn’t quite so little anymore. Elle Belle Tooth pillows make one of those rites of passage a little less painful!
I love pre-school aged birthday parties! All the laughter of playing games with their little friends, blowing out the candles brings such a sense of accomplishment, and just tearing into all that colorful wrapping paper is half the fun. But I think my favorite part is giving a gift that the birthday boy or girl not only loves, but that was made with care and attention. I often make gifts that aren’t part of what I sell in the Elle Belle shop just because it’s a good excuse to try something different. I tried my hand at a crayon roll for a recent 2 year old party we were invited to. It was easy to make and when filled with crayons and accompanied by a coloring book I thought it made a sweet gift.
Here’s how I did it: You can make them in whatever size you like, depending on how many crayons you want to store. I wanted to fit about 20 crayons in this one, so I cut two strips of fabric 12.5" long x 5.5" wide. Pin the strips right sides together. Cut a length of ribbon for the tie, fold it in half and pin it between the strips into the middle of one of the short ends. Sew the strips together (1/4” seam allowance), leaving room to turn. Turn the strips right sides out & press.
Cut a piece of felt 3” tall and a quarter of an inch shorter than the outside of your crayon roll (I used pinking shears for a decorative edge). Pin the felt to the bottom of the crayon roll and top stitch all the way around (catching the felt & the seam allowance from the spot you used to turn the strips). I did a double row just because I thought it looked nice, you can skip that if you’d like.
Sew a row of stitches every ¾” across the crayon roll. Fill with crayons, roll it up, tie it with your ribbon & heat set the ends to prevent fraying. Now you can invite your friends out to dinner and have adult conversation while their little one quietly colors away with their handy dandy new crayon roll!
I’ve been on an Elle Belle hiatus of sorts since last Christmas and haven’t been listing new items in the shop, but that’s come to an end. I’ll be posting new items every week day for at least a month. Here’s what you can expect to see in the coming weeks:
Bib & Paci clips - These are in limited supply, when they’re gone they’re gone, so get them while you can. Oh and did I mention they’re FREE shipping?!
Be sure to stop by the shop often this month. Keep watching the blog too; I’ll be featuring some of the new products and even do a giveaway just for blog readers!
Ann finished binding and quilting the play mat I pieced for the new baby! It was so wonderful to have it all finished to perfection and not have to do the “dirty” work :) So here you have it, our collaborative effort, the super puffy, super fun play mat from Amy Butler’s Little Stitches for Little Ones book:
Stacey is a business analyst by day and blogger/seamster/ crafter/party planner/aspiring Super Mom by night & weekends. When she's not solving fortune 500 companies system and process problems she's making whatever inspires her at the moment. Her uber supportive husband, Doug, and adorable daughters, Elle & Liv, are her motivation, inspiration, and sense of accomplishment.
Rescue Me! Tip: Unable to cure an animal of a bad case of mange? Ask your veterinarian about inexpensive treatment using Ivermectin.
Clean Coder Blog: "when people give up on unit tests, it’s usually because they haven’t followed the above author’s advice. They have not treated the tests like first-class citizens. They have not treated the tests as though they were part of the system. They have not maintained those tests to the same standards that they apply to the rest of the system. Instead, they have allowed the tests to rot, to become coupled, to become rigid, and fragile, and slow. And then, in frustration, they give up on the tests. Moral: Keep your tests clean. Treat them as first-class citizens of the system."
Beskrivelse: families: frequency distribution of wife's marriage age, by year one = equals 50 people
EGG2 an addictive free games site, your first choice for free friendly fun online games. Constantly updated it hosts a humongous choice of the best games on the internet.
Trastuzumab Emtansine (T-DM1) in Patients with Previously Treated HER2-Overexpressing Metastatic Non–Small Cell Lung Cancer: Efficacy, Safety, and Biomarkers | Clinical Cancer Research
Trastuzumab Emtansine (T-DM1) in Patients with Previously Treated HER2-Overexpressing Metastatic Non–Small Cell Lung Cancer: Efficacy, Safety, and Biomarkers
Purpose: HER2-targeted therapy is not standard of care for HER2-positive non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This phase II study investigated efficacy and safety of the HER2-targeted antibody–drug conjugate trastuzumab emtansine (T-DM1) in patients with previously treated advanced HER2-overexpressing NSCLC.
Patients and Methods: Eligible patients had HER2-overexpressing NSCLC (centrally tested IHC) and received previous platinum-based chemotherapy and targeted therapy in the case of EGFR mutation or ALK gene rearrangement. Patients were divided into cohorts based on HER2 IHC (2+, 3+). All patients received T-DM1 3.6 mg/kg intravenously every 3 weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. The primary endpoint was investigator-determined overall response rate (ORR) using RECIST v1.1.
Results: Forty-nine patients received T-DM1 (29 IHC 2+, 20 IHC 3+). No treatment responses were observed in the IHC 2+ cohort. Four partial responses were observed in the IHC 3+ cohort (ORR, 20%; 95% confidence interval, 5.7%–43.7%). Clinical benefit rates were 7% and 30% in the IHC 2+ and 3+ cohorts, respectively. Response duration for the responders was 2.9, 7.3, 8.3, and 10.8 months. Median progression-free survival and overall survival were similar between cohorts. Three of 4 responders had HER2 gene amplification. No new safety signals were observed.
Conclusions: T-DM1 showed a signal of activity in patients with HER2-overexpressing (IHC 3+) advanced NSCLC. Additional investigation into HER2 pathway alterations is needed to refine the target population for T-DM1 in NSCLC; however, HER2 IHC as a single parameter was an insufficient predictive biomarker. Clin Cancer Res; 1–9. ©2018 AACR.
You are going to email the following Trastuzumab Emtansine (T-DM1) in Patients with Previously Treated HER2-Overexpressing Metastatic Non–Small Cell Lung Cancer: Efficacy, Safety, and Biomarkers
МОМЕНТАЛЬНО ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ ВЫ ПОЛУЧАЕТЕ ССЫЛКУ НА АКТИВАЦИЮ ИНВАЙТА (ГИФТА) Call of Duty: World at War в Steam БЕЗ РЕГИОНАЛЬНЫХ ОГРАНИЧЕНИЙ (Rest Of World (ROW) - Region Free / World Wide Steam Gift)! row-gift you can activate and run the game in all countries of world Об игре: Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced. Players band together to survive the most harrowing and climactic battles that led to the demise of the Axis powers on the European and Pacific fronts. The title offers an uncensored experience with unique enemies and combat variety, including Kamikaze fighters, ambush attacks, Banzai charges and cunning cover tactics, as well as explosive on-screen action through the all new four-player cooperative campaign. The addictive competitive multiplayer has also been enhanced with new infantry and vehicle-based action, a higher level cap, more weapons, and a host of new Perks, maps and challenges. Harsh New Enemies, Environments and Tactics: Face off against ruthless and tactically advanced enemies that will stop at nothing to defend their homelands, from swamp ambushes and tree-top snipers to fearless Kamikaze attacks. Play as a U.S. Marine and Russian conscript across a variety of Pacific and European locations against the fearless Imperial Japanese and elite German soldiers in epic adrenaline-filled infantry, vehicle and airborne missions. Co-Op Campaign Mode, Call of Duty Style: For the first time in the franchise, Call of Duty: World at War introduces co-op play, bringing fresh meaning to “No One Fights Alone”. Campaign co-op features up to four-players online, allowing gamers to experience harrowing campaign missions together for greater camaraderie and tactical execution. Co-op mode incorporates innovative multiplayer components such as challenges, rankings and online stats for deeper re-playability and multiplayer experience bonuses. Co-op mode also features Competitive Co-Op that will show who is really the best player on your team. Enhanced Innovative Multiplayer: Call of Duty: World at War continues the addictive class-based multiplayer action the series is famous for. The addition of vehicle combat with tanks rounds out the highly-successful Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare multiplayer experience, and features such as persistent stats, player rankings, upgradeable weapons, squad-based gameplay, customizable classes and Perks, have been further enhanced to set a new standard in Call of Duty online warfare. Unprecedented Cinematic Quality in a World at War: Built using the Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War utilizes cutting-edge technology including highly-detailed character models, self-shadowing, environmental lighting and amazing special effects to deliver jaw-dropping visuals. Depth of field, rim-lighting and texture-streaming technology bring the adrenaline-pumping combat to life, while physics-enabled battlefields and fire that spreads through environments realistically, immerses players into the harrowing and dynamic combat.
INSTANTLY AFTER PAYMENT YOU GET activation link Invites (GIFT) Call of Duty: World at War on Steam Without regional restrictions (Rest Of World (ROW) - Region Free / World Wide Steam Gift)! row-gift you can activate and run the game in all countries of world About the game: Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced. Players band together to survive the most harrowing and climactic battles that led to the demise of the Axis powers on the European and Pacific fronts. The title offers an uncensored experience with unique enemies and combat variety, including Kamikaze fighters, ambush attacks, Banzai charges and cunning cover tactics, as well as explosive on-screen action through the all new four-player cooperative campaign. The addictive competitive multiplayer has also been enhanced with new infantry and vehicle-based action, a higher level cap, more weapons, and a host of new Perks, maps and challenges. Harsh New Enemies, Environments and Tactics: Face off against ruthless and tactically advanced enemies that will stop at nothing to defend their homelands, from swamp ambushes and tree-top snipers to fearless Kamikaze attacks. Play as a US Marine and Russian conscript across a variety of Pacific and European locations against the fearless Imperial Japanese and elite German soldiers in epic adrenaline-filled infantry, vehicle and airborne missions. Co-Op Campaign Mode, Call of Duty Style: For the first time in the franchise, Call of Duty: World at War introduces co-op play, bringing fresh meaning to "No One Fights Alone". Campaign co-op features up to four-players online, allowing gamers to experience harrowing campaign missions together for greater camaraderie and tactical execution. Co-op mode incorporates innovative multiplayer components such as challenges, rankings and online stats for deeper re-playability and multiplayer experience bonuses. Co-op mode also features Competitive Co-Op that will show who is really the best player on your team. Enhanced Innovative Multiplayer: Call of Duty: World at War continues the addictive class-based multiplayer action the series is famous for. The addition of vehicle combat with tanks rounds out the highly-successful Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare multiplayer experience, and features such as persistent stats, player rankings, upgradeable weapons, squad-based gameplay, customizable classes and Perks, have been further enhanced to set a new standard in Call of Duty online warfare. Unprecedented Cinematic Quality in a World at War: Built using the Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War utilizes cutting-edge technology including highly-detailed character models, self-shadowing, environmental lighting and amazing special effects to deliver jaw-dropping visuals. Depth of field, rim-lighting and texture-streaming technology bring the adrenaline-pumping combat to life, while physics-enabled battlefields and fire that spreads through environments realistically, immerses players into the harrowing and dynamic combat.
Committed to going the extra mile and ensuring that all of your needs are successfully met in a professional and honest manner.For Service and Commitment, let me help guide you with your next purchase or sale.
I will work for you every step of the way! My combination of skill, experience, and technology ensures that I can sell your home for the highest possible price and in the shortest period of time. I have the tools to meet the demands of a highly competitive, modern market.
My online marketing system allows me to make information accessible 24-hours a day, and to respond immediately and directly to each and every prospective buyer. From my website, prospective buyers can get information immediately about your home. They can access my site 24 hours a day and view your property listing! Through my Personal Home Search, your listing will be sent by e-mail to every prospective buyer in my database, where your home meets their criteria. Plus it will be e-mailed automatically to future prospective buyers as well.
As soon as you list your home with me, I will enter your home in the Multiple Listing Service (MLS) database. Other agents can immediately access your property information by computer. Plus, your property will be included in any printed MLS books. I also regularly publish in magazines and newspapers in the area and send out direct mail pieces to potential buyers.
When you think about it, there are several other homes for sale competing with your home. I will help you price your home competitively to attract qualified buyers. The way I do this is by generating a Comparative Market Analysis (CMA) report, which will show you a range of prices being paid for homes in your area. You can complete my online form to get a feel for your home's market value.
Remember, I will be working for you every step of the way to make sure that you get the highest possible price for your home in the shortest period of time.
CRL Overhead Track Half Panel Bi-Fold Door Systems are available in four configurations, with a maximum of three panels on each side of the opening. The end panels act like normal center pivoting doors and connect to the first hanging panel using special hinged end caps. The hanging panels are joined in the same manner, and are hung from a single Cat. No. 0TCA Carriage Assembly at the midpoint of the panel's width.
Use the Cat. No. 0TBR Series Guide Channel supplied with each order to prevent the panels from dragging during operation. Maximum panel weight not to exceed 170 lbs. (77 kg). Maximum panel width is 41" (1.04 m). Minimum panel width is 15" (381 mm).
NOTE: Available with 4" (102 mm) square rails, and by custom order only. Most orders can be fabricated in five business days at our Los Angeles, California manufacturing facility. Contact CRL Technical Sales Department.
A driver involved in a wreck on Interstate 5 Tuesday morning was hit and killed by a vehicle after he apparently went back to his damaged auto to retrieve his cell phone.
California Highway Patrol Officer Tommy Doerr said at some point a driver was walking across the lanes when he was hit by another vehicle and killed.
The couple told 10News the Corolla's driver told them he was late for work and needed to get his cell phone, but they advised him not to go to his vehicle.
A 27-year-old La Mesa man driving a Toyota struck the center divide about 2:30 a.m. An Arizona man then smashed his Mercedes into the Toyota.
Authorities shut down two lanes of the freeway, leading officials to issue a SigAlert for the area for at least two hours, CHP incident logs indicate.
About half a mile south of that collision, a pickup truck crashed into several vehicles about 4:45 a.m. No major injuries were reported on that crash. Although a SigAlert estimated the lane would be closed for one to two hours, it didn't reopen until shortly after 11 p.m., after the auto was towed away.
Additionally, they can use these versions to practice various strategies to see which one will earn them the best winning chances. These versions give the gambler a chance to sift through the games to find the best one that resonates with their style.
Citigroup Inc. set a $82.00 target price on Caterpillar and gave the stock a "hold" rating in a report on Tuesday, August 16th. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link .
Julian Draxler says he is not interested in a mid-season move to Bayern Munich, despite finding time in Paris Saint-Germain's starting XI tough to come by.
Urbanization and aging have led to increasing poor health conditions related to non-communicable diseases in all states. More data are available through IHME's data visualization at: https://vizhub.healthdata.org/gbd-compare/india .
He said the Coast Guard personnel had beaten them up again stating that they should learn Hindi. Pitchai said he was injured when the rubber bullets fired from the ship hit him on his hand.
Majedie Asset Management Ltd increased its position in shares of Barrick Gold Corporation by 7.8% in the second quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. increased its position in shares of Barrick Gold Corporation by 41.7% in the second quarter.
Volker said Washington wants the mission to monitor the entire conflict area and make sure heavy weapons are pulled back. Both Surkov and Volker were confident that "the Minsk Agreements should be implemented".
However, he said pressure zones were not being adhered to by some landlords and a transparent rent register should be considered. Prof Lyons said the rental figures did not make happy reading, adding: "Extra supply is quite simply the only solution".
Azar served as the president of the American division of pharmaceutical giant Eli Lilly from 2012 until January of this year. Bush's first term, which was his first healthcare-focused professional role.
I figured it was going to go out. "It landed just inside both lines", said Sock, who still won the game. "But, I don't know". At 3-2, he was 40-15 up on serve but Zverev, wound-up by an erroneous over-rule, forged back to break with an exquisite lob.
Our team of specialists and staff believe that informed patients are better equipped to make decisions regarding their health and well being. For your personal use, we have created an extensive patient library covering an array of educational topics. Browse through these diagnoses and treatments to learn more about topics of interest to you. Or, for a more comprehensive search of our entire Web site, enter your term(s) in the search bar provided.
Athlete's foot and fungal nails are the most common fungal problems with feet. A fungus is a common mold that thrives in dark, warm moist areas. On the feet, it can grow on and between toes, as well as on soles and toenails. Fungal problems can be a result of the environment (socks, shoes, heat and humidity) or weakened immunity from such disorders as diabetes.
Chronic fungal infections are most common in adults, while acute fungal infections are seen more often in children.
We had a technical glitch just now, and a couple of recent posts were permanently lost, which annoys me no end. I'll see if I can rewrite them later on this evening, but at the moment I'm too mad.
Civilization V may be my favorite Civ game ever, so I was anxious to get my hands on it’s first true expansion. How does it hold up? Let’s find out.
The two biggest changes come from the espionage and religion aspects of the game. Spies can be useful to rig elections in city states to gain your empire favor, gathering intel from your rivals and protecting your own cities from rival spies. It takes a turn or so to move your spies around so you can’t jump around every turn to over-micromanage, which forces you to be selective with your limited spies.
Religion has a bigger impact on the game, fueling alliances and wars alike. You begin by founding a pantheon an then trying to race for a full religion. The first is the easiest to get, but if you miss that subsequent religions (up to seven) get harder to found. A recent game I played featured myself as Ethiopia (one of the new civs) and I founded the first new religion, rebranding one of the religions as Alphaism. The religions themselves are just names, and have no impact on gameplay by themselves. Where they affect gameplay is in the custom benefits you imbue them with. Alphaism, for example earned me 2 gold for each city following it and 2 culture to every faithful city that has a temple. There are many ways to customize your religion to your world and style of play.
The AI has purportedly gotten a boost in this expansion, and from my experience it shows. I have a harder time rolling over my enemies with sheer military manpower now, since the AI fields a better, more balanced, more intelligently used fighting force. Ethiopia (in the aforementioned game) got beaten up on by Russia twice before getting swamped by the Aztecs (I was actually taking notes during this match, and around 1725 AD my only note read ‘f**k this’ before I rage quit).
The new civs take advantage of the religion/espionage features, but the most unique has to be the Mayans. While playing them, I lost track of time while roughing up Germany because their calendar is significantly different. For example, turn 299 reads as year 13.0.6.2.2 on my screen. Does that mean anything to you? It sure doesn’t to me. Fortunately you can hover your mouse of it to see what year it is for the rest of the world.
The graphics and sounds are vintage Civilization V, which isn’t a bad thing but they’re certainly not top-of-the-line. In the end, if you like Civ V, there’s no real reason to pass up Gods and Kings. If you have fond memories of Civilization IV – most notably it’s expansion, Beyond the Sword – then you’ll also be happy with what Gods and Kings offers. It doesn’t reinvent Civ V, but as the old saying goes, if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it – and Civilization V certainly ain’t broke.
I am yet to play this expansion and for sure, just like 3xR, I’m going as own country that comes with it, the Netherlands!
The Otis Edward Griner album is composed of black and white photographs, cyanotypes, and newspaper clippings documenting Otis Griner's time as a student at Purdue University, 1911-1914.� Included are a Purdue tank scrap marshal ribbon (1913) and...
The James R. Eaton photo album was created by Eaton while he was an undergraduate electrical engineering student at Purdue University. The photos document buildings on the University campus, greater West Lafayette, football games, May Day, and...
The Loretta Mae Wallace album includes photos of campus and buildings, Lafayette and surrounding areas, Mechanics Burning, a visit to Indiana University, and other scenes of student life. Wallace graduated from Purdue University with a Bachelor of...
The photograph album contains black-and-white photographs of Purdue University West Lafayette campus buildings circa 1920.
The Robert T. Hatt scrapbook contains many photographs of campus life, predominantly during 1919-1920. There is a concentration of memorabilia from Phi Kappa Psi, since Hatt was a member of that fraternity. The scrapbook also contains newspaper...
Case history, use of remote sensing to determine potential sites of oil disposal at a municipal landfill
The Pan American Airways China Clipper scrapbook contains hundreds of newspaper clippings, primarily related to the preparation for and execution of the first flights of the trans-Pacific clipper in 1935. Publications include San Francisco...
Productive enterprise project records in vocational agriculture : materials and methods for teaching vocational pupils how to keep project records
Agricultural books for farm homes, school and public libraries, premiums in young people's contests, corn shows, etc.
The banker and the farmer / Charles Goodbar -- The present and future needs of Indiana agriculture / Thomas A. Coleman -- How state and commercial bodies can assist farmers / William G. Eden -- Aid for agriculture through national and commercial...
Indiana Association of Future Farmers of America a handbook - compiled and organized for the guidance of present and prospective chapters of F.F.A.
Report on Farmers' Institutes conducted by Purdue University from their Inauguration in 1889 to January 1, 1893
First annual report of Purdue University Department of Agricultural Extension for the year ending June 30, 1912
Purdue University offers winter courses in agriculture and home economics, January 21 to March 14, 1923
Lines of study: general agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy manufacturing, dairy production, home economics
Annual farmers' short course, instruction for one week for farmers, corn growers, stockmen, dairymen, poultrymen, horticulturists and homemakers, January 11-15 , 1915
Annual farmers' short course, instruction for one week for farmers, corn growers, stockmen, dairymen, poultrymen, horticultrurists and homemakers
Developing instruction in vocational agriculture for veterans on farms in Indiana, principles and procedures for teaching student veterans
New Trump power plant plan would release hundreds of millions of tons of CO2 into the air - ColorFuzion Connecticut Web Site Design Agency offering E-commerce, web application development and mobile applications
President Trump plans next week to unveil a proposal that would empower states to establish emission standards for coal-fired power plants rather than speeding their retirement — a major overhaul of the Obama administration’s signature climate policy. The plan, which is projected to release at least 12 times the amount of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere compared with the Obama rule over the next decade, comes as scientists have warned the world will experience increasingly dire climate effects absent a major cut in carbon emissions.
Trump plans to announce the measure as soon as Tuesday during a visit to West Virginia, according to two administration officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the White House was still finalizing details Friday.
The Environmental Protection Agency’s own impact analysis, which runs nearly 300 pages, projects that the proposal would make only slight cuts to overall emissions of pollutants — including carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides — over the next decade. The Obama rule, by contrast, dwarfs those cuts by a factor of more than 12.
The new proposal, which will be subject to a 60-day comment period, could have enormous implications for dozens of aging coal-fired power plants across the country. The EPA estimates that the measure will affect more than 300 U.S. plants, providing companies with an incentive to keep coal plants in operation rather than replacing them with cleaner natural gas or renewable energy projects.
By 2030, according to administration officials, the proposal would cut CO2 emissions from 2005 levels by between 0.7 percent and 1.5 percent, compared with a business-as-usual approach. Those reductions are equivalent to taking between 2.7 million and 5.3 million cars off the road.
By comparison, the Obama administration’sClean Power Plan would have reduced carbon dioxide emissions by about 19 percent during that same time frame. That is equivalent to taking 75 million cars out of circulation and preventing more than 365 million metric tons of carbon dioxide from entering the atmosphere.
Under the EPA’s new plan, sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides that help form smog would be cut between 1 percent and 2 percent by 2030 compared with 2005 levels. Under Obama, the agency projected its policy would reduce those pollutants by 24 percent and 22 percent, respectively, by the end of the next decade.
The EPA did not respond to a request for comment, and the White House said it was looking into the matter.
Since taking office Trump has sought to roll back several major climate regulations, proposing earlier this month to freeze tailpipe emissions standards for cars and light trucks starting in 2020 for six years. He delivered on a key campaign promise more than a year ago when he announced that the United States would pull out of the 2015 Paris climate agreement, under which America pledged to cut its overall carbon output between 26 percent and 28 percent by 2025 compared with 2005 levels.
As the world’s second-largest emitter of greenhouse gas emissions, the United States has targeted the burning of fossil fuels that is driving climate change. The power sector ranks as the second-biggest contributor to the nation’s overall greenhouse gas emissions, according to the EPA, accounting for 28.4 percent of the total in 2016. Transportation made up 28.5 percent of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions that year.
Although the EPA projects that the U.S. power sector’s overall carbon output will decline over time because of market pressures and other factors after the new rule takes effect, the policy shift would make it increasingly difficult for the United States to meet the international climate goals it adopted under the previous administration.
Joseph Goffman, executive director of Harvard Law School’s Environmental Law Program and one of the architects of the Obama-era rule, said in a phone interview that the higher emissions that would result from the Trump proposal would damage the climate as well as public health.
“These numbers tell the story, that they really remain committed not to do anything to address greenhouse gas emissions,” said Goffman, who served as associate assistant administrator for climate in the EPA’s Office of Air and Radiation between 2009 and 2017. “They show not merely indifference to climate change but really, opposition to doing anything about climate change.”
Utility companies, which had joined states in suing to block the Obama climate rule, would save annual compliance costs for the industry by about $400 million a year.
Many utilities have moved to retire coal plants in recent years and switch to either natural gas or renewable power, which are more economically competitive. But the proposed rule, which focuses on improving their heat efficiency and would allow for upgrades without triggering the kinds of pollution controls currently required under federal law, could shift that dynamic.
Since the outset of the administration, officials have said they intended to replace the Clean Power Plan because EPA exceeded its legal authority in crafting the policy. The rule, which has been stayed by the U.S. Supreme Court, established a program under which states could achieve emissions reductions by having utilities promote energy efficiency or build renewable power projects such as solar or wind.
“We’re going back to the agency’s historical interpretation and application of its authority” under the Clean Air Act, one official said in an interview. “That is respectful of the boundaries established by Congress.”
Utility industry executives hailed the administration’s proposal as one that adheres to the law and would ease the financial crunch they would have faced under a more sweeping rule. Jim Matheson, chief executive of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, said in a statement Saturday that it appears the measure will “provide electric co-ops the certainty and flexibility they need to meet their consumer-members’ energy needs.”
“The Clean Power Plan would have resulted in stranded assets and stranded debt, significantly increasing electricity costs for many consumers,” added Matheson, whose members get 41 percent of their energy from coal-fired generation.
The proposed rule, which does not yet have a name, has a 200-page preamble laying out the EPA’s reasoning for the sweeping changes.
Rather than identifying specific reduction targets and tasking state officials with devising plans to achieve them, it will define what constitutes the “best system of emission reduction” that utilities can undertake with technology that has been demonstrated to work. States will conduct a unit-by-unit analysis of plants in their state and will have three years to develop a plan to make their operations more efficient.
The EPA will have one year to determine whether to approve a state’s plan, and if it does not meet the agency’s guidelines the EPA will have another year to impose a federal plan on the state.
As a result, it is difficult to determine exactly when the new measure will be fully implemented. While the proposed rule analyzes its effects through 2035, officials said, it may not be fully in compliant until 2037.
Bracewell LLP partner Scott Segal, who represents utilities that run coal-fired plants, said in an email that the Trump administration has sought to empower the states as it curbs the excesses of its predecessor.
“The previous administration’s effort to address greenhouse gases was a complex and unnecessarily burdensome overreach that took much of the responsibility for power systems away from the state regulators, who know them best,” Segal said. “It is why 29 states pushed back against the rules and the Supreme Court blocked their implementation with an unprecedented stay.”
Trump has repeatedly praised the U.S. coal industry, and his deputies have sought to enact an array of policies aimed at bolstering it. Those proposals range from relaxing rules for storing toxic waste from coal burning to ordering grid operators to buy power from coal-fired utilities.
The EPA’s analysis estimated that even under the new proposal, the power sector’s overall CO2 emissions would decline between 33 percent and 34 percent compared with 2005 by the time the rule is fully implemented.
Conrad Schneider, advocacy director for the environmental group Clean Air Task Force, said emissions may not drop as much as anticipated because of several policies the Trump administration has adopted to boost coal.
While the country’s greenhouse gas emissions continues to decline, scientists say the United States cannot meet the Obama administration’s Paris climate goal without policies such as the Clean Power Plan.
Carbon-dioxide emissions from energy use in the United States declined by 0.5 percent last year, according to the International Energy Agency, because of an uptick in renewable energy and reduced overall energy demand. Globally, CO2 emissions from the energy sector rose 1.4 percent, reaching a historic high after remaining flat for three years.
New Trump power plant plan would release hundreds of millions of tons of CO2 into the air August 18th, 2018CT-WebDesigners
CT-WebDesigners Connecticut website designers and application developers, creating innovative, unique virtual business concepts to position your business in the forefront. View all posts by CT-WebDesigners
Scotts of Stow | Home & Furniture | Electrical | Kitchen Accessories | Home Office | Garden | Scotts of Stow Sale | More
Scotts of Stow … Littlewoods Direct Home Office Desks - Tea - Office - Country Living Uk - Decorative - Home Office Desks - Cutlery/Flatware - Toasters - Fridges - Black Country Living Museum - Clocks/Barometers - Cleaning - Cutting Boards - Food Accessories - Kitchen Racks - Ironing - Cabinets - Art - Health Products - Gadgets - Climate Control - Food Accessories - Vacuuming - Car Care - Table Linen - 400 Thread Egyptian Duvet Cover Superking Ivory Luxury bedlinen, densely woven in pure Egyptian cotton with an incredible 400 threads to the square inch ... Snuggle Suit (Microfleece) - Small 38-40 Ivory Classic Snuggle Suit with new shapely waist. Our all-in-one microfleece Snuggle Suit has been hailed as the cosiest ‘dressing gown’ ever. ... Magimat Runner 1'7 inch x 3'11 inch Beige Woven in Italy from ultra-durable polypropylene, our popular Magi-Mats are ideal for high-traffic areas where dirt, spills and stains are a regular risk. Now offered in an exclusive ‘diamond’ design in a choice of 4 colours. ... French Pinot Noir - Case of 24 Personalised French Pinot Noir. New for 2009 this, the noblest of grape varieties, is now matched by the noblest of private labels. Our friends at Prestige Cellars “ blind “ tasted this at our recent meeting, in that they let us taste the wine without telling us what it was – and it simply blew everyone away! From the Limoux area of the Languedoc region of Southern France, this particular wine has been made using a secret family recipe handed down by generations of the Delaunay family which results in a truly excellent, light red wine. We have reflected elements of this tradition in the label design, resulting in a Private Label perfectly matched to the nobility of the wine itself. ... Seashell Bathroom Mirror Cabinet Affordable bathroom storage decorated with pretty ocean-themed fretwork. This well-crafted white mirror cabinet brings elegance, style and lots of space-efficient storage to any bathroom. ... Men's Fleece Dressing Gown - Medium A dressing gown should make you look good, feel great to wear, keep you really warm and (vital to whoever does the household laundry) be easy to wash. This luxurious men's robe satisfies on every count. Made from thick polyester fleece in a smart Black Watch tartan, it is generously-sized to wrap you up in warmth and soft comfort. ... Scotts of Stow Online Sale | UK Catalogue Request: Scotts of Stow Catalogue.
"Scotts of Stow Catalogue" is a leader in the UK catalogue business, and has been making UK mail-order shoppers happy for many years! Now, you can enjoy the Scotts of Stow Catalogue experience online too. With a huge range of deals and discounts at Scotts of Stow Catalogue Website, there are few better places to shop!
Shopping online at Scotts of Stow Catalogue store is very simple - and prices are some of the best around! Scotts of Stow always has excellent shipping prices, and Scotts of Stow go to great lengths to provide the very best in customer service.
Scotts of Stow is unrelated to the Shop Direct group which, amongst others, includes Argos Catalogue, Marshall Ward Catalogue and the well known Kays Catalogue, where you will also find excellent bargains! Shop Direct is also responsible for brands such as Great Universal, abound, Choice, Innovations, Home Free and McCord.
Scotts of Stow, UK: Rest assured, Scotts of Stow Online Catalogue is a catalogue site you can recommend with confidence. Scotts of Stow offers thousands of top brand products in a variety of categories including everything for country living, products for the home and garden, everything for the office and a myriad of other useful products too; Scotts of Stow also sells many travel products too, together with a wide assortment of pet products and wildlife products. You can even request a good old-fashioned Scotts of Stow mail-order catalogue from the Scotts of Stow Internet site.
There are many other UK mail order catalogue companies too - Gratans Catalogue, Oxendales Catalogue, Freemans Catalogue and Kaleidoscope Catalogue to name but a few - but we think the Scotts of Stow Catalogue stands head and shoulders above most others, and the easy-to-navigate Scotts of Stow website is breeze to use, and has such great prices and such a massive inventory of products that it's hard not to be impressed, and to keep going back for more!
Select the following Scotts of Stow link to buy home goods, electricals and more, at the Scotts of Stow UK Website
The Scotts of Stow UK mail order catalogue is well known for it's quality country living products and extensive range of home goods, fashionable furniture and affordable garden products - amongst many other products. At the Scotts of Stow website, you'll find the same great deals and the same high quality as you'll find when you purchase directly from the Scotts of Stow catalogue, or from any of the Scotts of Stow stores:
Scotts of Stow store has one of the best selections of country-living products and home goods of any UK catalogue store
The Scotts of Stow Online Catalogue Store has an outstanding collection of unique gifts and wildlife products - and at the best prices!
At Scotts of Stow website, as with any Scotts of Stow mail-order catalogue, you'll find a firm commitment to great prices, and guaranteed quality, throughout
The Scotts of Stow Direct (Scotts of Stow Direct) team has an equally firm commitment to making your shopping experience an enjoyable one, and you'll definitely not be disappointed!
At Scotts of Stow Website, as with any Scotts of Stow transaction, you'll find courteous, well-trained staff committed to providing an exemplary service
The formidable reputation of Scotts of Stow Catalogue has been established over many years, and is built upon the well-founded principles of respecting one's customers and offering value for money. The Scotts of Stow brand-name is recognised throughout the UK, and also far beyond. Where Scotts of Stow leads, others follow!
The wide array of products on offer at Scotts of Stow is forever changing, with new products being added all the time. However, listed below you'll find a small selection of some current Scotts of Stow offers to take advantage of:
Experience the luxury of Egyptian cotton percale sheets, duvet covers and pillowcases at unusually affordable prices. We are delighted to offer a selection of sophisticated pastel colours.
Pure cotton cushions available in 3 designs, specially designed for the All-Weather Faux Wicker Furniture Set.
This handsome Christmas wreath features twinkling lights and bears a bell at the centre which can be personalised. Add festive cheer to your own door, or give a delightful Christmas gift with this superb wreath.
Classic slip-on shoes that make your feet look slim and shapely, even in the extra-wide 4E fitting. Made from very soft leather with attractive black/pewter multi-panel toe, elegant heel and easy-to-wear slip-on design.
Our popular Messenger bag is now available in soft microfibre and 5 lovely colours. Slim and lightweight, its ideal for travel and everyday use, and can be worn as a conventional shoulder bag or holster-style to keep both hands free.
Brighten up your kitchen with these cheerful gingham co-ordinates. We offer a range of curtains, seatpads, tablecoths placemats and napkins in a choice of four colourways.
Made exclusively Scotts of Stow, this attractive textile range is based on a licensed William Morris design. 'Pimpernel' was originally created as a wallpaper pattern, but lends itself beautifully to fabric and takes its name from the small yellow flowers, rather than the larger poppies that dominate it. These delightful Pimpernel Curtains are certain to attract compliments from all your visitors.
Medium Mirror-Finish Porcelain Dish. The makers of this exquisite mirror-finished casserole dish have perfected the art of electro-plating ceramic. Externally they appear to be made from highly-polished chromed steel. But open them up and you discover they are in fact made from a beautiful pure white porcelain which is far better suited to oven cooking. The quality of both the chrome finish and the porcelain is excellent - as is the value.
At last, a teapot spout design that pours without spillage! Featuring a handle with comfortable grip, this Small Dripless Teapot is not only convenient and attractive but excellent value for money.
Your own home spa is no longer a daydream! This portable hot tub costs a fraction of the price of permanent hard-shell installations. It self-inflates in just 10 minutes and fills from your garden hose, but folds down for storage to just 33½" x 20" x 20" (85 x 50.5 x 50.5cm). Its built-in heater will reach and maintain any selected temperature between 25°C and 40°C, whilst over 80 micro air jets massage you from top to toe. Comfort is further enhanced by integral seat cushions and a foot-friendly inflatable floor.
If you use different glasses for reading and driving – or have sunglasses as well as ordinary specs – you need a glasses case with room for two pairs, not one. These soft nappa leather pouches give you just that, with side-by-side zip-up compartments, plus a slim extra pocket for lens cloth and neck cord. Fully lined with non-scratch woven polyester.
Super absorbent Hug Rugs keep dirt right out of your house. Our best-tested dirt grabbing mats in recent trials, these super-absorbent Hug Rugs will keep your floors truly clean and dry during the worst of our British weather. Their cotton fibres are designed to absorb over 95% of water and dirt from outdoor shoes and muddy paws, and the recycled rubber backing minimises creeping on carpets or hard floors.
Every kitchen can benefit from extra storage and preparation space, and our exclusive Buttermilk Trolley will add just that. At a remarkable price and with the additional benefits of easy mobility and a space-efficient footprint, this is an essential for every home.
Personalised Prosecco. New for 2009, we have chosen this delicious and lightly sparkling medium dry white from Italy. Popular with the cognoscenti of the Italian Riviera for centuries, we have decided to offer this alongside our champagne selection as a more modestly-priced alternative. The Prosecco grape produces a light “frizzante“ sparkle on the palate and as such is the perfect aperitif. As the more expensive Champagnes have started to put themselves beyond most people’s reach, the growth of high quality sparkling wines in the UK has been remarkable. Prestige Cellars have, as you would expect, secured a fine example of this year’s vogue wine and it is one you will be proud to put your name to.
Washable Magi-Mats in natural designs. Magi-Mats love to go in places which get the heaviest foot traffic and the toughest treatment. Our dramatic Leaf design adds yet another practical benefit. The dense 'foliage' is great at concealing surface dirt so the rugs are ideal for the back door or kitchen sink.
The ingeniously vented double canopy of this ultra-strong brolley means it’s virtually impossible for it to blow inside out, even in gale force winds. Big canopy opens automatically at the touch of button.
Folding Bedroom / Bathroom Stool - affordable elegance that folds away. This pretty little stool is perfect for bathroom or bedroom - use it to sit while drying feet, for instance, or putting on socks and shoes. The enfolding criss-cross construction is very stable and surprisingly robust, capable of supporting nearly 16 stone.
Elegant leather court shoes with extra width offer all-day comfort and real style. 'V-throat' instep design allows additional expansion room for your foot and makes the shoe easier to slip on and off.
Like memory foam, these cotton jersey pillowcases move and stretch, constantly conforming to the ever changing shape of a memory foam pillow, and keeping the surface smooth and crease free all night long.
If you've ever eaten at five-star hotels or restaurants you may have noticed that the tablecloths and napkins tend to have a wonderfully luxurious feel and a smooth, lustrous finish. Matchless in appearance, this superb quality table linen is also robustly practical – a combination that makes it the choice of professionals throughout the world. Unlike other retailers, we like to cut prices at the very top end of the market, on products of exceptionally high quality. So, now you can enjoy the luxury of highest-quality, pure-white, Egyptian cotton damask at an exceptional price, safe in the knowledge that it will keep its looks for many years to come.
Private Label White Wine Tasting Case (6 bottles). Everyone's taste in wine is different and none of us should allow our judgment to be influenced by advice from the 'Wine Pundits'. The right wine for you is the wine you prefer - that's why we've put together these new Mixed Cases of 6 bottles. They allow you the chance to taste a wide selection of the most popular varieties of grape from different countries and wine producing regions, with your own personalised quality bottles of wine you'll be proud to put your name to. You can then select which one you wish to adopt as your very own 'Private Label', as we also sell massively discounted cases of each individual wine. With this White Wine Case, you get one bottle of each of the wines listed below, giving you a glimpse of how your chosen name and personalisation will appear on different wines.
Don't let fear of red wine spills or food stains spoil your enjoyment of these beautiful, advanced stain resistant rugs! This Corterra Rug is silky soft to the touch just like the traditional hand-made rugs they are inspired by.
Rose Jacquard Easycare Placemats - table linen you don’t have to iron. These placemats give you the best of both worlds, as it looks and feels like 100% cotton with a dense satiny sheen, but has the easycare non-iron properties of polycotton. The intricate jacquard weave is also exceptional, depicting a twining of roses with unusual ‘shading’ achieved by a contrasting cross-stitch effect.
Give your kitchen a beautiful country farmhouse look with this Tablecloth featuring an ever-popular design of charming hens, cockerels and chicks individually executed in neat cross-stitch.
Exclusive William Morris Co-ordinates. Based on a licensed William Morris design, ‘Menton’ is an exceptionally pretty textile range which has been made exclusively Scotts of Stow. These drop curtains are beautiful yet affordable.
Colonial styling and beautiful colouring makes this Sienna Coffee Table an exceptionally elegant focal point for your home.
Linen’ and ‘easycare’ are not words usually mentioned in the same breath, but these lovely placemats combine the benefits of both. They have a beautiful sheen and gentle linen slub that looks wonderful on the table.
Ladies' Wide Fit Velcro Slippers - extra comfy slippers allow for wide fit. Well-designed slippers should provide warmth, support, convenience and, above all, comfort. These, we're pleased to say, more than fulfil all these criteria. The touch-fastening strap allows easy foot entry and a wide degree of adjustment throughout the day to accommodate swollen or sore feet.
Scotts of Stow Catalogue Shopping, Online: Scotts of Stow Catalogue offers thousands of top brand products in a variety of categories including clothing, footwear and accessories, country living, products for the home and garden, bed & bath and lots more. Shopping online with Scotts of Stow Catalogue is so easy!
Scotts of Stow Online Catalogue store is just so convenient! You can browse through thousands of Scotts of Stow Catalogue products at your leisure, check whether an item is in stock, and order right away. Scotts of Stow Catalogue has been in the UK mail order business for years and is one of the UK's most successful online catalogue stores, providing quality products - and quality service - with the best prices on numerous brand name products, and thousands more besides.
Slightly sheer woven 100% silk shapes a relaxed tee with short dolman sleeves and a single slouchy p..
TIP:Characters communicate their "Stress" levels through their emotions. High "Stress" will make the choice in the "Side Project" phase more punitive.
When we first discovered the signal emanating from Mars, we thought it was a mistake. After so much time spent combing the farthest reaches of space for proof of intelligent life, we never thought we’d end up finding it so close to home.
There was talk at first of ignoring it. Even with a crew ready and willing to take part in the mission, many of us were frightened by the idea of validating the signal’s existence. Were people truly ready to accept the reality of other life in the universe? Was I?
But as is often the case with humanity, our curiosity got the better of us. We told the world we were embarking on the first-ever mission to Mars in the name of scientific discovery—technically true, but not the whole story—and sent a crew of five brave men and women.
Tharsis was developed by Choice Provisions, Inc. For more information, visit us at www.totallychoice.com
We are a UK Based company specializing in the party industry. We have our head office and 2 stores all within the glasgow area.
Trophee Hassan II 2014- Golf Betting Tips – A fantastic event in Morocco this week, the players love the luxurious surroundings of playing in the grounds of the Royal palace, our man @gbenno79 is going to try and make it a luxurious Sunday for all of us by tipping us another European tour winner, he has been on fire on this tour to data this year.
The Golf du Palais Royal is a private course designed by Robert Trent Jones Sr. on the grounds of the Royal Palace in Agadir. Its doors open exclusively for the Trophée Hassan II.The Golf du Palais Royal has hosted the prestigious Trophée Hassan II since 2011. As the location of the Moroccan Open in the 1990’s, the golf course remained in excellent condition and was left unchanged until the return of the Trophée Hassan II.
The Golf du Palais Royal is built for high level tournaments. Surrounded by majestic walls that stand in front of the Atlantic Ocean, this is a pure links course, with its bumpy fairways built on sand, and its greens sitting on formidable slopes.
Accuracy off the tee is much more important this week than power due to the course playing really tough when the ball is in the rough.
Golf du Palais plays really difficult when the wind gets up and if the forecast is correct Sunday may become a major test for the guys at the top of the leaderboard, the course has a superb links feel to it and the greens here are particularly small which are well protected by some very tricky bunkers. There have been some changes on the tees most notable at holes 9,15 and 17.
Inside The Field : A strong international field, including in-form Englishman Ross Fisher and 2008 Harry Vardon Trophy winner Robert Karlsson, stands between defending champion Marcel Siem and a slice of history in this week’s Trophée Hassan II.
No player has successfully defended the Trophée Hassan II title since the €1.5 million tournament joined The European Tour International Schedule in 2010, but a repeat of his performance at the magnificent Golf du Palais Royal 12 months ago would give Siem every chance of becoming the first.
The German never looked back after an opening round of 64, eventually completing a wire-to-wire win by three shots from Finland’s Mikko Ilonen and the 2011 champion David Horsey.
In the process, Siem became one of five players to secure wire-to-wire victories during the 2013 season, but he was the only player to lead after each round without any ties.
Siem has played every edition of the Trophée Hassan II since 2010, and counted the tournament amongst his favourites even before his victory last year.
Robert Karlsson who will be making his 498th European Tour appearance this week is competing in the tournament for the first time.
The Swede, who finished in a tie for eighth place in Abu Dhabi at the start of the season, arrives in Agadir on the back of a fine display in the Puerto Rico Open on the US PGA Tour, where he finished inside the top 15.
Another player currently in a rich vein of form is Fisher, who followed up his top ten finish in the recent Joburg Open by capturing his fifth European Tour title in the Tshwane Open. This will be Fisher’s first time playing in the Trophée Hassan II event
Fisher’s compatriot Horsey will also feel confident of contending yet again at Golf du Palais, having finished in a tie for third and joint tenth in his last two appearances, at the Africa Open and the Joburg Open respectively.
On his way to victory in 2011, Horsey made a hole in one on the second hole on day four, thereby becoming only the fourth player in European Tour history to record an ace in the final round and go on to win. Remarkably, Horsey is a total of 44 under par for his 16 rounds in the event since 2010.
Similarly, Rhys Davies’ record in the tournament – he won in 2010 and lost to Horsey in a play-off the following year – will also fill the Welshman with confidence.
The Trophée Hasan II, which was first played in 1971, is Morocco’s longest running sporting event. The tournament is steeped in history, with no fewer than nine Major Champions lifting the trophy: Orville Moody (1971), Billy Casper (1973, 75), Lee Trevino (1977), Vijay Singh (1991), Payne Stewart (1992, 93), Nick Price (1995), David Toms (1999), Padraig Harrington (2007) and Ernie Els (2008).
This weeks selections are based on players who have had form here beforehand or players that have won in the last calendar year. All previous four winners of this event had won the season before entering this tournament. It also looks like you don’t need to be in any particular great form to win here in Morocco, as only one out of the last four winners had notched up a top-10 that season leading up to the event.
Mikko Ilonen 18/1 each way- Coral – Open a new Coral account by clicking this link bet just £5 and get a free £20 bet!
The Finnish Ilonen has made an impressive start to the season, so far to date he has played five events, making the top-10 on two occasions. His best effort was a second place finish at the Commercial Bank Qatar Masters, where he was beaten in a play-off by Spaniard, Sergio Garcia, back in January. Mikko has fantastic form here in Morocco, where he has finished in the top-10 three times, his best effort was a second place finish last year to Marcel Siem.
Northern Irish Hoey, has won five times on the European Tour, one of these wins was at this tournament back in 2012 when he beat Damien McGrane by three shots after a fantastic final round of 65. So far this season he has played nine events and racked up two top-10 finishes, his best finish so far was in his last event where he came second with a last round of 68 at the Tshwane Open in South Africa.
Chris Wood 40/1 each way- Coral – Open a new Coral account by clicking this link bet just £5 and get a free £20 bet!
Bristol born Wood has the potential to be a top player, he has shown signs in top events of what he is capable of. Chris has only got one win to his name so far on the European Tour, which was the Commercial Bank Qatar Masters in 2013, when he made an eagle on the last hole, to beat Sergio Garcia and George Coetzee by one shot. So far this season, he has played five events with only one top-10 finish, which was at his last event, the Tshwane Open, where he showed signs of improvement with a last round of 68. With this weeks tournament on a links type golf course, this may suit the young hot-shot.
Frenchman Bourdy, has had a ‘below-par’ start to the season. He has only made one top-20 finish which was a 16th place finish at the Joburg Open back in
February, after only playing four events in total. As mentioned before, winners of this tournament have generally come to the event searching for form but have had a previous win to their name within the past twelve months. Gregory, who won the ISPS Handa Wales Open, when he beat Peter Ulhein by two strokes, matches this criteria.
Tommy Fleetwood 50/1 each way- Ladbrokes- Open a new Ladbrokes account by clicking this link, and get a £50 free bet!
Southport born Fleetwood, has been brought up playing links golf all his life, living in a coastal town with plenty of top courses to hand, which should benefit him this week at the Trophée Hassan II. Tommy has played five events with only one top-10 finish, which was his first event of the season at the Volvo Golf Champions, where he finished third after he faltered with a last round of 72. Fleetwood has missed the cut on his last two starts at the Omega Dubai Desert Classic and the Tshwane Open, but will be eager to bounce back to form here in Morocco.
Coral Promotions: Open a new Coral account using the link below and place a sports bet of £5, receive an ABSOLUTELY FREE £20 BET.
EXAMPLE= Open a Coral account using the process below – Place £2.50 EW bet on Chris Wood at 40/1, if he wins pick up £125 profit! If he places still pick up £22.50 profit. Even if he misses the cut, still find a £20 free bet in your account!
Thankfully, that’s when the likes of Flash and HTML5 modified everything. The technologies enable bookmakers and casinos to develop mobile-responsive Web-sites. This spares the buyers the need to spend time putting in a local app and using the memory in their devices.
Bets is usually demonstrated by classification or in an extensive record. There is also a backlink to some applicable data like head to head benefits, past 5 matches, subsequent 5 matches, over/under and goalscorers. There is also a website link to more historic info.
Information: Simply click "Have the offer" at bovada.lv. This promo has an unfamiliar expiration and should not do the job, but give it a consider.
Now by opening an account at Betclic by JohnnyBet, new consumers can receive all out there bonuses and what is a lot more, the highest offered bonuses at the market. Seems very good, so let’s shift more and examine detailed promotional present as well as the products out there at this bookmaker.
The business’s enlargement was so speedy that in 2009 they sponsored Lyon, a very dominant French soccer crew, just four a long time after their inception. This fact will become far more astounding when you consider that their title wasn’t even allowed to show up over the shirt right until June 2010 as a consequence of advertising and marketing legal guidelines in France.
The 2nd possibility on the horizontal navigation bar on the Home Webpage is Dwell betting. Each and every Are living celebration is shown by sport indicating the league, teams, rating and time elapsed. For football the key match outcomes odds surface which has a connection towards the connected marketplaces.
The answer to this issues would’ve been extremely distinct five years ago. At the beginning, indigenous apps have been miles forward compared to cell-responsive Internet sites. At present, the standard is similar. The applications nevertheless are a bit better, However they take memory and need you to obtain and install them.
The web site for Betclic is cell responsive, making it very easy to obtain from a wide array of equipment. Cell apps can also be obtainable for smartphones and tablets, applications that will ease the access to the Betclic presenting of sports betting choices.
The organization addresses the most crucial sporting events from close to Europe. Saturday may be the busiest day for Activity when Betclic may well offer you much more than ten,000 bets. Betclic also has the regular dynamic software program for poker on the net.
The real key to ensuring that that you just don’t skip out on any forthcoming Betclic bonus codes or features is on a regular basis looking Codeavantage Betclic at the bookmakers’ promotions web site. There are facts of existing bonuses and offers being observed around the Betclic homepage, but This is often under no circumstances complete. The sole way making sure that you learn about each promotion out there is to control the page.
All common online games like roulette and blacjack, together with the 200+ slot online games are what can make up the casino experience at Expekt. We had been also capable of finding many jackpots which consumers can Engage in for and goal for just a grand gain. Major titles like Gonzo’s Quest, The Dark Knight or Robin Hood are available in the casino foyer together with many a lot more themed games.
There aren’t precise Betclic promo codes that you have to enter. Alternatively, you may activate the reward of the option by heading above to the promotions page. Once you have selected the reward of your respective alternative, it’s basically a issue of clicking to the ’decide in’ button.
To qualify to the Betclic reward, codes aren’t essential. To access the reward, log in with your account specifics, then head to the Specific promotions page and choose the choice that claims ’opt in’. For being granted your reward cash, you must put at the very least just one qualifying guess.
You will also look for a url supplied to BetClic's live score service, which provides you a range of Stay score selections for leagues and sports activities going down across the globe. There you'll find practical hyperlinks to stats, Stay league tables, and reside in-Enjoy betting choices out there.
They were being welcoming and Skilled but higher than all..are obviously Excellent mates and in some time they ended up right here, introduced a jovial expertise to The task. Definitely loved performing business with your business. Thank you.
Based upon typical sized rooms excluding the bathroom and bathroom. Use this total being an approximate price tag guidebook when organizing your timber floor restoration spending budget. Price tag (for every m2) will change in accordance with true floor dimensions and situation.
The Matrix star CarrieAnne Moss, Bikiniclad Michelle Rodriguez suffers an accidental nip slip as she braves the waves in a striped twopiece in
Find the perfect Carrie Anne Moss stock photos and editorial news pictures from Getty Images. Download premium images you can't get anywhere else.
Sign up here for FamilyLife emails. We offer daily, weekly, and quarterly emails full of encouraging and practical content for your marriage and family.
Help & Hope From FamilyLife - a weekly collection of articles, videos, and radio broadcasts to help you grow closer to God and each other. Moments With You - a daily devotional for couples offering practical and relevant marriage and parenting advice. FamilyLife Global - quarterly updates about FamilyLife efforts outside of the US. FamilyLife Blended - information on blended /stepfamily resources for those in stepfamilies and those who know them. Oneness Prayer Challenge - Take the 30-day prayer challenge to grow closer in your marriage.
Note: By clicking the "Submit" button below, you agree to receive email updates from FamilyLife and agree to FamilyLife’s privacy policy.
Retirement is not a time to clock out of the game of life, according to Dr. Howard Hendricks, a long-time professor at Dallas Theological Seminary and today’s broadcast guest.
Dr. Howard G. Hendricks, known simply as “Prof,” directly or indirectly touched millions of lives in the evangelical community and beyond. For more than sixty years Prof served on the faculty of Dallas Theological Seminary (DTS), where he taught more than ten thousand students. He also ministered in person in more than eighty countries. Through speaking engagements, radio, tapes, films, the sixteen books he authored and coauthored, countless journal and popular-market articles, his service o …
Am I the only one who feels this way? Barbara Rainey and Susan Yates recall how they felt when they first entered this confusing, liberating, and emotion-packed stage of life called the empty nest....
The kids are gone. The house is empty. What will you do now? Dennis Rainey welcomes his wife, Barbara, and family friend Susan Yates, to talk about the second half of life called the empty nest....
Bob Buford encourages those nearing retirement to refocus and use their time to advance God’s kingdom....
God can use you, no matter what your age. Kay Strom talks about using your life skills and resources to further God's kingdom well after retirement. ...
Authors Barbara Rainey and Susan Yates share their personal experiences about entering the empty nest. ...
After 18 years or more of raising a family, it can be difficult to refocus all your attention on your mate. David and Claudia Arp, empty nesters and founders of Marriage Alive International, talk about making the later years of your marriage better than the early years. ...
What is retirement supposed to be for the Christian? Find out by listening to author Dr. Howard Hendricks, a 70+ professor at Dallas Theological Seminary....
Dennis and Barbara Rainey, parents of six adult children, talk about their transition from bustling household full of teenagers to empty nest made for two. Hear about the challenges they've faced during this time....
What is your purpose in life? In this series, Bill Wellons, a pastor and Director of Church Planting and Consulting for Fellowship Associates, joins real estate developer Lloyd Reeb and Dennis Rainey to talk about using your time and talents to reach a lost and questioning world....
Financial planner Joe Hearn and attorney Niel Nielsen explain the ins and outs of organizing important life documents such as wills, trusts, living wills, and durable power of attorney....
© Copyright 2018 FamilyLife®. All Rights Reserved. Family Life® is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit corporation and all gifts are tax deductible as allowed by law.
Concept Art Photoshop Architectum Action will create a realistic effect of game art architecture.Save hours of work with this action. After action finish the work you get a well-organized and structured file with the many layers, folders and settings to improve the final result.
If you’d like to sell lots of affiliate products, maximize your commissions and become a Super Affiliate, this will be the most important message you’ll ever read.
YES! This Really works like incredibly well for me again and again, week after week and day after day.
Brand New! Template Driven System Boosted 14,431 In Commissions In Just 7 Days Flat Promoting Simple Affiliate Products On Facebook In the next few minutes were going to show you exactly how to swipe our system.. But before I do, let me show you live proof of my students..
Water for Hartford: The Story of the Hartford Water Works and the Metropolitan District Commission (Garnet Books) by Kevin Murphy
The Personnel Committee consists of the Mayor and five alderpersons. The Personnel Committee has jurisdiction over hiring, discipline, salary and related matters.
Personnel Committee meetings are not held on a regular basis. Please check with City Hall for the next meeting date and time.
When the lights go out, a dark figure comes into play as murder springs to life from the screens in this campus thriller.
The high stakes game of university recruiting and a scandal involving athletes form the centerpiece of Ron Lovell’s new Thomas Martindale mystery, Lights, Camera, MURDER! Martindale is acting as the liaison between the university and a video production company to prepare a series of television advertisements to attract new students. When one of his young students is murdered, Martindale goes on the trail of her killer. Along the way, he uncovers a scandal involving the recruitment of black football players. He also encounters the wife of a coach who will stop at nothing to get young men into her bed and keep her exploits secret.
More campus-oriented than the two previous novels in the Martindale series, Murder at Yaquina Head and Dead Whales Tell No Tales (both in second edition), Lights, Camera, MURDER! also skewers the committee system that dominates most universities and reveals the amusing—and often tedious—day-to-day world of the classroom. As always, Martindale’s search for the killer puts him in danger in some unlikely places: the steam tunnels running under campus, a covered bridge on campus, and the high cliffs behind an isolated inn above the churning Pacific Ocean.
Come and play with Shalu as she teaches about the Indian tradition of Holi, The Festival of Colors and learns…
Come and play with Shalu as she teaches about the Indian tradition of Raksha Bandhan and learns about sharing. Happy…
Join Thomas Martindale as he embarks on his first journey from a lighthouse that lights the way for his saga…
This is just sad. But what's sadder is that I expected this. I really wish she could have been helped somehow. I was and still am a huge fan of Happy Days and when this show was still on the air (yes, I'm old), I had a crush on Erin for a time. RIP.
Michael Scott To Meredith: "You've slept with so many men, your starting to look like one. BOOM! Roasted! Go here.
Swings are shipped in a 77” x 33” x 8” box and weigh approx. 50lbs. Shipping for a swing is $145 anywhere in the contiguous United States. Pillows/bolsters: $7.50 each.
Each swing is custom made for you, therefore returns are not accepted unless the swing is damaged in shipping or demonstrates faulty construction. Our swings are guaranteed against tearing or breakage for one year. We want you to be happy with your purchase and will work with you toward that end. Please contact us with any questions.
No summer swing experience is complete without the perfect pillow. We suggest a mix of solids, stripes and florals in both square pillows and bolsters.
All of our swings are made with time-tested materials - like ropes from New England Ropes - so you can relax all day and sleep all night in absolute comfort.
We helped a global payments company understand the customer experience for a core part of its service and find opportunities to make it better.
Our client was a global payments company that wanted to gain insight into the experience its corporate payment customers were having.
We started by mapping out the customer journey for several key customer types before zooming in on the corporate payments journey.
We validated these journeys along with the measurement and insight our client had available, with real customers.
From this work, we brought to light the customer pain points and developed a series of proposed improvements for our client to incorporate into a wider transformation programme.
Having gained a greater understanding of how the client operated and what it was seeking to achieve, we designed a customer-centric change framework tackling delivery of change and the governance surrounding it.
Our client now has a much better understanding of what their customers experience and they have a clearly prioritised and laid out plan to improve customer experience.
The younger brother of Parkland shooter Nikolas Cruz is back behind bars Tuesday after violating his probation following a trespassing arrest at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
Zachary Cruz, the younger brother of accused Parkland shooter Nikolas Cruz, is in trouble again. Officials say he had been told to stay away from the school, something his attorney on the trespassing charge, Joseph Kimok, had denied. He had admitted to sheriff's deputies that he had been to the high school three times since the shootings.
He was also ordered to wear a Global Positioning System monitor and to remain at least a mile away from the Marjory Stoneman Douglas campus.
Authorities said Cruz violated those terms Saturday - by driving without a valid driver's license near a high school in Lake Worth, Fla., about 25 miles northeast of Parkland. The brothers are both former Stoneman Douglas students. "That just wasn't a condition we agreed to as part of his plea".
The CDC previously linked the romaine lettuce with Yuma, Arizona, though the agency still hasn't named a specific producer. The government has also reported that at least 52 people have been hospitalized, 14 of which had kidney failure .
"Given the impossibly high bail, coupled with dehumanizing treatment in jail, Cruz was ultimately and unjustly forced to accept a guilty plea, just to escape the horrors of custody in the Broward main jail facility", according to the Nexus press release.
The law firm said it would give more information on the federal lawsuit at a press conference Thursday. Prosecutors said they are seeking the death penalty.
A nonprofit group by the name of Nexus Derechos Hermanos made the announcement on Wednesday on behalf of Zachary Cruz, 18, The Miami Herald reported.
Sol Kim, son of Tony Kim, said on social media that he is optimistic but has no indication that the hostages have been released. Kim Hak Song, 55, also worked at Pyongyang University of Science and Technology before his detention on May 6, 2017.
They rated a tornado in Saline and Ottawa Counties as an EF-3, with winds of up to 143 miles per hour . Rated at an EF-1, the tornado lasted 11 minutes, traveling more than five miles.
Officials: Kelly uses an "undisciplined and indiscreet approach" in handling White House staffers. In a statement Monday, Kelly called it "total BS".
How his players balance the requirements of the tie will be fundamental. "We need a great communion between the team and the fans. There was still the same buzz, he said, that had accompanied the first games of his long Arsenal tenure.
The device was powered by a Snapdragon 821 SoC and had a memory of 4GB LPDDR4 and storage configurations of 32GB and 64GB. The LG G6 showcases previous year at the MWC' 2017 was one of the first major phones to sport an 18:9 display.
The plane, which had departed from La Guardia Airport in NY and was bound for Dallas, made an emergency landing in Philadelphia . The US Federal Aviation Administration will look into what caused the window to crack in the latest case.
Cobb was also in charge of collecting all documents the Special Counsel had requested and turning them over to that team. Giuliani joined Trump's legal team after John Dowd quit following disagreements with the president.
The company now has 170 million monthly active users in total, the majority using the free, ad-supported version of the service. The company expects churn to continue to trend downward, albeit mitigated somewhat by launches in new markets.
A spider believed to be the oldest in the world has died at the age of 43, heartbroken Australian scientists announced this week. The study The longest-lived spider: mygalomorphs dig deep, and persevere can be read in its entirety here.
However, amendments passed loosened the bill's abortion restrictions, allowing the bill to garner extra votes it needed to pass. He said a doctor could be charged with murder even if she believed an abortion was a medical emergency or medically necessary.
And, when Jong-un talked alone with Jae-in, without aides, he sought Jae-in's advice for his coming talks with Trump, they said. Todd Rokita and businessman Mike Braun for the GOP nod in Indiana's Senate race, led the charge for Trump's nomination.
The Mets will hope deGrom's injury isn't a sign of things to come after getting off to a 17-10 start through their first 27 games. Atlanta right-hander Julio Teheran (1-1, 4.50 ERA) faces Mets left-hander Jason Vargas (0-1, 22.09) in the series finale.
Green, a Golden State Warriors forward, said he heard about how Barkley said he wanted somebody to punch Green in the face. If you're not going to to punch me in the face when you see me, then shut up.
Gabriel David Conde, an airborne infantryman, was nearing the end of his nine-month deployment, John Pennell, a U.S. Several Afghan security force members were killed and wounded as well.
They would have been very, very productive members of Bucks County's society, and we in law enforcement mourn with their families. Northampton Police Chief Michael Clark told FOX 29 Tuesday evening that there was no sign of forced entry to the house.
Treasury yields resumed a march to 3 percent and the dollar strengthened versus major peers, adding to equity headwinds. The move raises questions about whether it may devalue further to counter American import tariffs.
Reid was one of the first NFL players to join Kaepernick in kneeling during the national anthem to protest social injustice. With the draft behind us, the starting spots available to Reid and his fellow free agents are dwindling.
In addition to Mnuchin, Lighthizer, Ross and Navarro, the group will include economic adviser Larry Kudlow, U.S. At the same time, agreements for permanent exemptions for Argentina, Australia and Brazil have been made.
In all, the group killed 853 people over four decades, according to a tally by the Spanish Interior Ministry. In 1973, it killed Luis Carrero Blanco, Gen Franco's prime minister, with a auto bomb.
Boston has posted 20.4 Runs + Hits + Errors per game over its last 10 outings and 26.6 over its last five. He put the Red Sox on the board with his first homer of the day to lead off the bottom of the fourth.
Trump has also threatened to hit Venezuela with oil sanctions that would further slash the OPEC nation's crumbling output. Crude Oil tends to make some great price moves, which is very attractive to traders, and it has been bullish lately.
Bornstein says the men showed up unannounced and demanding records. "I was just rushed for time ", the doctor told CNN in 2016. President Donald Trump listens to Director of Oval Office Operations Keith Schiller at the White House in Washington , DC.
Hard to control and widespread, diseases from flea, mosquito, and tick bites are major causes of death and sickness worldwide. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is ringing the alarm about a dramatic increase in bug-borne illnesses.
Others, including members of Trump's legal team, said the Nixon case refers to document production, not physical testimony. Republicans are also taking aim at Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein - who oversees Mueller's investigation.
If Mancini does take the job, it could signal a return to the national team for Mario Balotelli . Nantes coach Claudio Ranieri had been a secondary candidate.
We have ordered an inquiry to find out how it happened and the guilty would be punished, he said. Elections to the Madhya Pradesh Assembly are due later this year.
Mitch Moreland hit a solo homer and had three hits along with Bogaerts for the Red Sox, who posted their 19th victory in April. Whit Merrifield had three hits and two RBIs for the Royals, who were coming off their first consecutive wins this season.
One of the biggest announcements was that Instagram users can now share to Stories straight from other platforms and apps. The new AR Effects feature is rolling out in phases and you should see it at the earliest on the Instagram application.
The US government imposed a ban on American tech, which means ZTE can't buy phone components created by US companies. Huawei is the world's third largest smartphone maker, and ZTE is the fourth largest seller in the United States.
In Scotland, 53.5 per cent of adults said they had drunk in the previous week compared with 57.8 per cent in England and 50 per cent in Wales.
Abe arrived in Israel, accompanied by his wife and the delegation, which includes heads of the largest Japanese companies and corporations.
The Kerala Board SSLC Exam Results 2018 can be checked on its official website kerala.gov.in , keralaresults.nic.in. In 2017, too, the department had postponed the maths examination to March 30th, 2017 from the scheduled date.
As of about 10:30 a.m., the vehicle had been cut down by Toronto Fire. "I think it is basically green space", he said. Police initially suggested that it was part of a movie shoot but later said no such shoot was authorized.
Trump in 2006, months after his third wife gave birth to his youngest child. Daniels claims she had sex with Mr. The president feels even worse.
The attack was planned to happen during Ramadan to limit the number of Muslim casualties, the teen told the source. Azizi-Yarand sent more than $1,400 to other individuals to buy weapons and tactical gear, the news release said .
The $2 billion price tag is based on the number of orders Tesla received and the bump in its stock price following the reveal. A startup called Nikola Motor Company recently filed a $2 billion lawsuit against Tesla for patent infringement.
However, the Fortnite Season 4 theme is still not known, and details would start rolling over as Season 4 is adopted massively. Players are already gathering to investigate the new scenic features, many pausing during hostilities to gawp at the changes.
Reality TV show following eight young men and women as they spend a summer experiencing the highs and lows of Newcastle-upon-Tyne's party scene.
concrete houses pros and consconcrete house constructionspider tie concrete houseconcrete house vs wood housebuild your own concrete housepoured concrete house costconcrete house planshow much does it cost to build a concrete house
© 2018 daveaharonian.com. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
backyard creations dining table 8 delectable backyards for outdoor and entertaining sets set,backyard creations patio dining set outdoor rooms best seating areas restaurants nyc outside table ideas,backyard dining traditional deck by bloom concrete outside areas restaurants nyc set,eating home backyard dining architects landscaping and table diy ideas areas,outside dining chairs uk dream pergola plans pergolas backyard and nyc areas,outside dining areas backyard restaurants nyc creations table picture of cafe,deck dining table outside chairs nyc midtown how to buy patio furniture and sets we like for under,outside dining areas near me make the most of your backyard during summer days family nyc midtown,ideas for outdoor dining rooms sunset magazine backyard creations table laguna porch chairs,outside dining furniture outdoor table with fire pit patio ideas seating for backyards rooftops backyard tables.
n. a rule of law which permits a court to assume a fact is true until such time as there is a preponderance (greater weight) of evidence which disproves or outweighs (rebuts) the presumption. Each presumption is based upon a particular set of apparent facts paired with established laws, logic, reasoning or individual rights. A presumption is rebuttable in that it can be refuted by factual evidence. One can present facts to persuade the judge that the presumption is not true. Examples: a child born of a husband and wife living together is presumed to be the natural child of the husband unless there is conclusive proof it is not; a person who has disappeared and not been heard from for seven years is presumed to be dead, but the presumption could be rebutted if he/she is found alive; an accused person is presumed innocent until proven guilty. These are sometimes called rebuttable presumptions to distinguish them from absolute, conclusive or irrebuttable presumptions in which rules of law and logic dictate that there is no possible way the presumption can be disproved. However, if a fact is absolute it is not truly a presumption at all, but a certainty.
Kāyasatti：A Thera，incumbent of the Vijayabāhu-parivena．King Parakkamabāhu IV．built for him a two-storied pasāda of great splendour and gave him the village of Sālaggāma．Cv．xc．91f
Description: New exciting thriller by the famous team Infinity Ward, its stunning richness and incredible entertainment. Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare Player provides technological arsenal and throws in a dangerous part of the world to be able to neutralize a group of terrorists and stop the threat hanging over the world. In the role of an American infantry soldier and a British SAS, fighting in the midst of unpredictable events and unexpected plot twists, the player will have to use modern technology, impressive firepower and coordinated the landing of the aerial bombardment, all in a battle where the reaction, accuracy and consistency - the key to success. There was also improved and the online game, reasonableness and diversity which gives users a new online site for a hot battles. Realistic weapons - Includes more than 70 new and real-life weapons from assault rifles with laser sights and "Claymore" to guns M-249 SAW. With accessories such as night-vision goggles and camouflage "Gilly" in Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare player always pick up an arsenal like. Tactics and air support - Being the most intuitive thriller, the game covers the huge scale of the fighting, which air support is indispensable. In this whirlwind of events intense tactical player will descend on a rope, flying in a convoy attack helicopters, aerial bombardment of enemy fortifications and even the mission of neutralizing the enemy in flying aircraft. Great graphics and sound - the stunning visuals of the new generation, the characters are drawn in the best Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare. Exciting special effects including volumetric size of the territories, highlighting edges and self-shading of the characters, as well as some physical effects, all of this gives the game an unprecedented photo-realism. Connect the high-quality graphics and rich sound terrific battle with Call of Duty, and you will get an unprecedented mix of emotions. Unique Multiplayer - Multiplayer Series goes back to the successful Call of Duty 2, involving all new players in their epic online battles. The system of creating classes that allows to collect its own arsenal, experience points, opening locked weapons and skills matchmaking system and leaderboards, Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare gives the player all to enjoy easily accessible and fun game
ВНИМАНИЕ!!! МОМЕНТАЛЬНО ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ ВЫ ПОЛУЧАЕТЕ УНИКАЛЬНУЮ ССЫЛКУ НА АКТИВАЦИЮ ИГРЫ В STEAM БЕЗ РЕГИОНАЛЬНЫХ ОГРАНИЧЕНИЙ! (REGION FREE / WORLDWIDE / MULTI LANGUAGE!) Игра навсе Call of Duty Black Ops IIгда ассоциируется с вашей учетной записью Steam и вы сможете загрузить её в любом месте и в любое время.
The year was 1935. The Indian nation was yet to be born. Ruled by the British regime there was more deprivation than development. While many chose the path of fight to gain political independence, one man with a vision treaded a different path of securing academic independence. Prof N. Ananthachar dared to start a primary school on 15th August 1935, a date Indian destiny chose for its independence, twelve years later. An endowed teacher with a Master's Degree, the founder of APS institutions, initially chose to trade in vegetables in the Basavanagudi region of Bangalore. This enterprising spirit soon won the appreciation of locals and even Dewan of Mysore among other literary stalwarts such as Sri Balasaraswathi, Sri R. Gopala Krishna Iyengar and others. The Director of Public Instruction gave this school its recognition in quick time, in the very next year. Thus was born a great noble educational institution. Today it takes pride in having been the mentor to thousands of academic accomplishments through its various institutions.
Eduaim4u is a solution which is at a single point answering your various queries and ambiguities, it is a solution which is giving you clarity in selecting a course and college for undergraduate (UG) or postgraduate (PG) Courses in India.
Residents of the city of Cape Town were in awe yesterday morning as the Tulip Hotel was finally demolished in a mammoth implosion that brought the building down in a matter of seconds.
Self-employed Scottish workers with micro-businesses accounted for a considerable rise in the number of enterprises being set up in Scotland.
Figures from the Business in Scotland 2013 survey revealed that 73 per cent of new businesses in the year running up to March 2013 were unregistered and are too small to be liable for VAT.
Unregistered businesses are defined by the survey as businesses without employees consisting of a sole proprietor/ partnership which are made up of owner-managers or one employee director.
That is to say that these micro-businesses are self-employed individuals who do not have additional employees and whose annual business turnover is below the VAT threshold of £77,000.
Scotland finance minister John Swinney said that action being taken by the Scottish government to help small business was working.
‘Scotland's businesses are receiving a real benefit from the Small Business Bonus Scheme. Over 92,000 recipients will save an average of £1,668 this year as a result of our investment in supporting small business,’ he said.
‘In spite of the challenging economic climate Scotland's entrepreneurs and small business owners are responding positively, a sign that Scots are confident enough to go out and make the most of the opportunities available.
‘We therefore welcome this increase in new businesses. The rise has been driven by small business start-ups, with SMEs accounting for 99.3% of all private sector enterprises.’
NOTE: The commercial aspect of the Forestry South Africa (FSA) website, as well as the commercial side of the FSA Newsletter, is managed and run by Fevertree Media (Pty) Ltd which is a separately run entity to the non-profit organisation Forestry South Africa.
Forestry South Africa is NOT a Trading Company and as such neither sells or supplies any goods or services. Trade Enquires should thus be directed to the online Business Directory Section of the website.
We are at an incredible moment in the history of the HIV/AIDS response, which reflected in the vibrancy of the HIV Research for Prevention (HIVR4P 2018) - the only global scientific conference focused on the fast-growing field of biomedical HIV prevention research.
Today, the latest research in different areas of biomedical HIV prevention, including vaccines, rings, microbicides and other female-controlled forms of prevention, pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) and long-acting delivery systems, offer the greatest promise of significantly slowing the toll of the disease.
And yet we are far away from ending the AIDS epidemic by 2030, and are also falling short of achieving the 90-90-90 UNAIDS targets by 2020.
While there has been immense progress in the field of HIV science, we are yet to see its public health impact on the ground.
"It is not just about R&D but about R&D and D - research and development, and delivery. If you take anyone of those three letters out, we fail. Each of them is equally important. Undoubtedly, it is difficult to successfully complete the clinical study for a new product, but delivering that product to the people for whom it was designed, is harder. Whether it is the ARVs, PrEP, vaginal rings, multipurpose prevention tools like the female condom, we see a huge gap in delivery”, said Mitchell Warren, Executive Director of AVAC, in an exclusive interview given to CNS onsite at the HIVR4P Conference being held in Madrid.
Till to date, more than 35 million people have died of HIV-related illnesses, and another 37 million people are living with HIV worldwide. In 2017 alone there were 1.8 million new infections (87,580 in India) and 940,000 deaths (69,110 in India). Governments have promised to end AIDS by 2030.
But the new cases graph is not dipping towards that steeply enough. Why are we failing to prevent new HIV transmissions?
According to Mitchell, “We are failing for a number of reasons. One is our failure to translate science into programmes fast enough. The second is the fundamental failure of the system in which people who need prevention and treatment most are least likely to be able to access it. To bridge this wide access gap we need to do two things simultaneously. We clearly need additional prevention options. But more importantly, we need to simultaneously focus on our (delivery) systems.
Countries need to build prevention programmes that respect people’s choices and needs and are capable to deliver any new prevention method. If there is anything we need to do differently, it is that we need to listen to the people who are in need of the product(s). We have to act upon what people want, when they want and how they want it.
We have to listen to them in their diversity and respect their different choices. One size will never fit all. A successful HIV/AIDS response is the one that takes in all the imperfect things we have and bundles them together in the most perfect programme.”
Women seem to be shortchanged as far as their own sexual and reproductive health is concerned. This is true not just in HIV prevention but for many other public health issues as well. Mitchell laments that even though sexuality is a part of human nature, people are scared to talk about sex. They are not comfortable about letting women make choices about what they want to put in their vagina.
“We want young women to have choices. But more often than not (we know this from reproductive health programmes) those choices are made by governments, by health providers and by their male partners— whether they can use an injectable contraceptive or the pill or an implant. Despite having so many wonderful family planning options, women cannot choose the one they want. Many a times their public health programme offers them just one or two choices, because those who dictate their choices are often men.
So, patriarchy, coupled with moralising conservative governments, creates a complex eco system. But we need to inform people better, rather than moralise. We need to talk about the female initiated prevention options and let the product user decide for herself. In fact, all adults, irrespective of their age or sex, should be free to make informed choices about which product to use for the benefit of their own health and not be influenced by their partners, peers, parents or by the moralising politicians, health providers and clinicians”, he says.
People know that HIV is no longer a death sentence, that they can get a pill everyday and live healthy and long, and not infect others once they have undetectable viral load. This is an empowering and important message. But if not communicated properly, it could have unintended consequences of making individuals and governments complacent that getting HIV is no big deal. Let us not forget that HIV still is a big deal. It is an epidemic.
Even though we can treat it, but the more people are infected, the harder it would be to treat them all from a financial perspective. We have to stop new infections. So we got to find the right balance to not scare people, not stigmatise PLHIV, but at the same time make them realise that being HIV free is possible and is important.
Mitchell’s sane advice is to be laser sharp in our focus - not only around new technologies, but also upon the programmes and infrastructure that can deliver a whole range of products. We need to do both— technology development and building systems that address the fundamental structural barriers—in a comprehensive, integrated and sustained way. If we do one and not the other, we cannot end the AIDS epidemic.
We have to create a demand for all the available effective prevention tools and make all of them available to people so that they can choose what suits their needs best. But all this has to be in an ecosystem where one can talk about sex and about prevention of HIV in a human rights based comfortable way.
Shobha Shukla is Managing Editor of CNS (Citizen News Service) and was awarded HIV Research For Prevention Science Journalism Fellowship 2018. Follow her on Twitter @Shobha1Shukla or visit www.citizen-news.org
* Comments posted by users in this discussion thread and other parts of this site are opinions of the individuals posting them (whose user ID is displayed alongside) and not the views of e-pao.net. We strongly recommend that users exercise responsibility, sensitivity and caution over language while writing your opinions which will be seen and read by other users. Please read a complete Guideline on using comments on this website.
Woodlands Farm‘s Summer Show is combined with Open Farm Sunday again this year, so it will include farming related demonstrations such as sheep shearing, hedge-laying tools and a bodger as well as the usual stalls and children’s activities. It takes place on Sunday 5th June between 11.00am and 4.30pm. Maureen from the farm wrote with details:
All are welcome at the Woodlands Farm Trust Summer Show on Sunday 5 June 2016, 11am-4.30pm. Come and meet our animals, and enjoy the chance to buy quality local produce at reasonable prices, including home-made preserves, cakes and honey. Relax in our café, get involved in craft activities and games, and enjoy displays of country crafts. Entry is free but donations are always welcome. All proceeds go towards caring for our animals. A great family day out!
Open Farm Sunday is the farming industry’s annual open day, and hundreds of farms across the country will be open to the public. Open farms are listed on Open Farm Sunday‘s website. The event is organised by the LEAF (Linking Environment And Farming) charity.
In the week before the Summer Show, the farm have their half term activities for children. Hannah, the farm’s Education Officer, sent details of these:
Do you love having a good dream? Traditionally dreamcatchers were believed to trap your bad dreams but allow your good dreams through. So come and join us at Woodlands Farm as we make dream catchers using willow and other natural materials. This is a drop in session. No need to book.
What is hiding beneath the surface of the pond, join us to find out. All equipment provided. Sessions at 10am, 11am, 1pm and 2pm
Join us for a day of bee-related fun and activities. Go on our ‘Bee-scene’ trail to see if you can spot bees and the plants which are so important for their survival. Learn about the Farm’s own honey bee hives and do a craft to take home.
There may also be a chance to see the new piglets recently born to the farm’s Gloucester Old Spot pig, Rosie. They are a cross between Rosie and a Saddleback pig and have an interesting mix of markings.
There’s a chance to learn more about bee-keeping this Thursday, 26th May, when Severndroog Castle hold an illustrated talk on the subject presented by John Large of the Oxleas Wood Apiary. Stephen sent me details:
Jars of Honey are the on supermarket shelves, local honey can be found on sale at markets or by the side of the road. Honey comes from the bees we see flitting from flower to flower but does every type of bee make honey?
John Large, the Oxleas Wood Apiary apiarist, will be at Severndroog Castle to introduce the art and mystery of beekeeping, together with some of the known facts and science of A. Mellifera. He will venture into some of the remaining mysteries about the anatomy of the individual bee and social behaviour of the bee colony, including the gaps in our knowledge and the enigmatic and sometimes perplexing traits of bee behaviour that persist for several thousands of years since man first endeavoured to domesticate these fascinating creatures.
Weather and seasonal development permitting, John Large will bring along an observation hive stocked with bees, so that the wonderful world of the honeybee can be witnessed at first-hand. The fully illustrated presentation will include a question and answer session and, perhaps, close with a sweetener to those participating.
Tickets will be available on the door but if you wish to book in advance click on the link below. Please note when booking via Eventbrite there will be a booking fee.
While this letter does not form part of the memorandum of agreement establishing the CROA&DR, in does reflect the intention of the parties to the agreement vis-à-vis the interpretation of clause 10 of the memorandum and was faxed to the arbitrators on December 1, 2004.
A copy of this letter was faxed to all company and union officers who deal directly with the CORA&DR on May 11, 2005.
During the course of its meetings held to revise and amend what has become the Memorandum of Agreement Establishing the Canadian Railway Office of Arbitration & Dispute Resolution, dated May 20, 2004, the Administrative Committee of the Canadian Railway Office of Arbitration identified what it views as a trend in the processing of grievances to the CROA which is becoming of serious concern.
As you are aware, traditionally in the CROA the principal means of proceeding before the Arbitrator has, historically, been by the filing of a joint statement of issue. The obligation to engage in the negotiation of a joint statement has, for many years, compelled the parties to cooperate in the identifying of issues to be presented to the Arbitrator, thereby avoiding allegations of surprise and the related risk of adjournments and delay. In recent years, for reasons attributable to both sides, there has been greater and greater recourse to the filing of ex parte statements, substantially occasioned by what the Committee views as an increasing tendency on the part of both sides to fail to make good faith efforts to conclude a joint statement of issue in a timely fashion.
In the result, in many relationships within the CROA&DR the use of ex parte statements has become the rule rather than the exception, contrary to what was originally intended in the memorandum of agreement establishing the CROA. On more than one occasion this has caused conflict between the parties with respect to timeliness and requests for adjournments. More fundamentally, a sustained departure from good faith efforts at fashioning a joint statement of issue has meant a departure from the positive influence of a long standing procedure that involved conciliatory and cooperative efforts between the parties as they proceed toward the hearing.
The Committee notes that the ability to file an ex parte statement of issue is not, under the memorandum of agreement establishing the CROA, a matter of right. Clause 8 of the memorandum (now clause 10 in the new CROA&DR memorandum of agreement) provides that, "In the event that the parties cannot agree upon such joint statement either or each ... may apply to the Arbitrator for permission to submit a separate statement and proceed to a hearing. The Arbitrator shall have the sole authority to grant or refuse such application."
We ask the Arbitrator to take cognizance of the foregoing provision and, with a view to compelling the members of the CROA&DR to follow the spirit of cooperation contemplated in the memorandum, to instruct the General Secretary that ex parte statements of issue are not to be processed automatically, but are to be referred to the Arbitrator on a case by case basis for approval. It is the view of the Committee that the Arbitrator's approval to proceed on the basis of an ex parte statement of issue should be granted where the party seeking leave to file an ex parte statement can demonstrate that it made all reasonable and timely efforts to reach an agreement with the opposite party in the drafting of a joint statement of issue. Where it appears that such efforts were not made, the Committee would urge the Arbitrator to consider exercising the discretion not to allow an ex parte statement of issue to be filed, in keeping with the original intention of the memorandum.
cc: All Company and Union officers with responsibility for the filing of disputes with the CROA/CROA&DR
Crohn's and Colitis Canada releases Impact of IBD report, finds increasing prevalence of the disease
The London Chapter of Crohn's and Colitis Canada meets on the third Thursday of every month, from September to June, December excluded. Come on out to meet and connect with others living with...
The Hamilton Chapter of Crohn's and Colitis Canada meets monthly from September to June, Dece... Read More En savoir plus
The Hamilton Chapter of Crohn's and Colitis Canada meets monthly from September to June, December excluded. Come on out to meet and connect with others living with, or supporting someone with...
The Windsor Chapter of Crohn's and Colitis Canada meets on the third Wednesday of every month, from September to June, December excluded. Come on out to meet and connect with others...
Although 1 in 150 Canadians lives with inflammatory bowel disease, too few people know or understand this chronic, invisible illness. Help us raise awareness.
Bring life with Crohn’s or colitis out from behind closed doors by sharing your experiences and raising awareness. Tell us about your experiences on our Facebook page.
The Standards Program Trustmark is a mark of Imagine Canada used under licence by Crohn's and Colitis Canada.
Bigger is not always better, especially when we’re talking kitchens. Small kitchens are usually more
Bold Traditional Palette. Eye-popping colors aren’t just for contemporary kitchens. This handsome kitchen features an
Distressed turquoise. The renovation on this historic Massachusetts farmhouse included a large dream kitchen for
As a result of extreme urbanization in the 20th century, half of the world’s population now lives in cities. About a century and a half from now, that will be true for 98% of humanity. Cities all round the world stand before enormous challenges on how to handle demography for the future built for the past. The challenge lies also in the very act of planning; is it even a good thing to try plan too much ahead since planning for one scenario closes out other ones?
In Crosstalks researchers discuss topics that are important on a global scale and viewers from around the world have a unique opportunity to participate in discussions through Skype.
We encourage all our viewers to participate and Skype makes this possible. Feel free to share your story from your home, discuss global topics that you feel are relevant to the discussion, or ask your question to one of our panel members.
Would you like to participate live on Crosstalks via Skype? Please call or text us on Skype by addressing the Skype name crosstalkstv.
Download and install proprietary Voice over IP service and software application Skype for free by visiting www.skype.com Crosstalks is sent directly from the two partner universities – KTH, Royal Institute of Technology and Stockholm University – four times a year at www.crosstalks.tv. The three-hour, live broadcast is divided into different parts with three participants in the studio and additional participants online via Skype..
Disclaimer: If you want to ask a question during the live broadcast, please just call us on Skype. Our alias is crosstalkstv. Please note that we may not be able to take your call straight away in the eveny that many people call at the same time.
Crosstalks is a web talk show where leading professors from Swedish top universities discuss global topics live with viewers world wide. It is an international academic forum that is being broadcast live from two of Sweden's leading universities – KTH and Stockholm University.
Quadrangularly planed with towers at the corners, surrounded by a moat with water, not only outside but also from the side of the city, the castle was well protected from enemy attacks. However, modern appearance does not match ancient one - columns,. — “User:Yarko/Zh - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia”, en.wikipedia.org